- Keto Long Term? Is The Keto Diet Dangerous?: Kind: captions Language: en Keto long term. Is it safe? Is it possible? Is it healthy? A lot of people have concerns and questions so I'm gonna answer some of the most common ones coming right up so keto is getting very very popular because people are getting results but then there's also a lot of skeptics and when the skeptics raise their voices then people get concerned they get worried and they wonder can i really trust this. Can I really do keto long term because they're scaring people that if you keep this up it's gonna hurt you. So at first they said, the skeptic said, "oh it's ridiculous of course you can't lose fat by eating fat" and then they said, " oops I guess you can" because there was just so many people doing that but then they said oh well you can lose some fat but it's not sustainable and if it's sustainable then at least it's not healthy and that's kind of where everyone is today we have the keto camp and the the skeptic camp and everyone agrees that yes you will lose weight but the skeptics say that yeah yeah yeah it's possible but keto is not sustainable you can't keep it up it's dangerous and so on and so on but is that is there any foundation is that a good argument what are they basing that on so basically it's based on a fat phobia and where did we get that where did that come from why are we so afraid of fat because fats been around for as long as human has been around and for the most part we have probably eaten more saturated fat than we've eaten anything else so we have demonized saturated fat and cholesterol it's the first thing that shows up on food labels calories total fat and saturated fat as if those are the things that we need to avoid so this fat phobia is based on a couple of really bad studies in the 1950s where they just watch people they've made certain assumptions and they decided that saturated fat and cholesterol is bad recent studies have shown that it is the processed fat it's the man-made fats so the reason people started noticing fat was when people got sick from eating margarine and shortening and processed fats along with lots and lots of sugar and this really started in the early 1900s and then accelerated all the way through the 1900s and nobody looked at the quality or type of fats and that's where we got this fat phobia that is so ingrained now that nobody dares question it everyone says oh if you propose eating bacon you must surely be crazy and it's like we're not really questioning why would it be that bad okay and it turns out it isn't because most modern studies show that saturated fat is actually better it's a really really good fuel source it's the polyunsaturated fats that create problems and saturated fats improve the ratio of cholesterol because it's not the total number that matters it's the balance between the two total cholesterol to HDL of about three to one then you're doing perfectly fine and the lower that ratio the better you're doing and saturated fats improve that ratio but even though those old studies were from the 1950s and we've had decades to get better information and we had better information old ideas die hard because once we get a feeling about something then it's very very hard to and that's what I hear from a lot of people is I I've read this and I read this and I tried it and I feel better but I've read I heard it for so long that fat is bad so I'm just scared to eat it and it's the fear it's a phobia it's founded on the wrong information because as long as the fat is natural is perfectly okay and then people say that carbs are the main source of energy that if you don't eat carbs you're starving yourself and again this is just not true it is it is has been the main source of energy for the last few hundred years when we have increased our agriculture we've increased the the processing of grain we've included bread in in everything but again agriculture has only been around for ten thousand years which is a incredibly short time compared to the time that you have been around as a human so agriculture started ten thousand years ago but also at that time the grains were completely different they had more protein less carbohydrates and people ate them whole so even if we say that we've had grains for a while we just haven't had them in the form that we're eating them today and carbs are not the main source of energy because humans have two sources of energy two primary sources it's three and four you include protein but the two main sources are carbohydrates and fat and the body will burn which ever one it has the most available so if you feed it carbs it'll burn carbs if you feed it fat it'll burn fat it's as simple as that so it depends on where humans have lived it depends on what their lifestyle was it depends on the time of the season what was available at the time then they mentioned that the keto diet has no calorie restriction and surely that must be a bad thing because we all know calories are bad and again we've decided that fat is bad cholesterol is bad calories are bad oh don't eat avocado it has too many calories don't eat salmon it's too fatty it has too many calories don't eat nuts it has too many calories eat that little rice cake eat this little fluffy processed sugary thing it only has a hundred calories per serving haven't we heard that over and over and over for the last 40 years we've turned calories into the enemy and it's not it's what keeps us alive for as long as life has existed on the planet every species have started the day looking for calories okay it's the thing that keeps us alive the reason that it messes with us today is that we have processed them we have changed them we have introduced processed foods and sugars and processed carbs that are unnatural to our bodies that's why we lose our ability to regulate hunger so we shouldn't have a calorie restriction when your body is healthy when your body gets the type of food and the nutrients that it's designed for your body knows how much to eat the only reason it eats too much is you eat processed foods and your insulin resistance then they say that it forces the body to burn fat again as if that was a bad thing there is no force about it because when carbs go really really low the body burns fat so you can turn that argument around and say when carbs are really high it forces the body to burn carbs because the carbs high blood sugar will put a diabetic into a coma carbs are toxic high blood sugar is one of the most dangerous things that you can have so if you eat a lot of carbs you force the body to burn carbs okay it's it's a ridiculous argument it's again it's about balance and what has the body been doing for most of the time and for most of the time we have never ever had a lifestyle that allows us to develop insulin resistance we've never had that many carbohydrates and sugars and processed carbs around never been around so we we know plenty about missing a few meals because we've done that for as long as we've been around we never we had no defense against the the abundance of carbohydrates it forces the body to burn fat and as a result you can there is no deprivation or exercise it's like you have to have calorie restriction you you have to have suffer you have to have pain because otherwise you don't deserve to be to be slender it's like this crazy mentality that we have forgotten what it's supposed to work like we're supposed to feel happy we're supposed to feel good we're supposed to eat till we're full we're supposed to know when we're full okay but carbohydrates and insulin drive a fat storing mechanism that prevents us from using the fat and therefore we don't know when we're full because our bodies tell us eat more eat more eat more because I put all of my my blood sugar in fat storage through insulin and I can't get to it because the insulin is still high so you got to eat something more and that's the mechanism that turns off your ability to decide how much to eat humans are not supposed to be deprived and of course exercise you shouldn't have to exercise to maintain your weight but that doesn't mean you don't want to exercise because like I talked about in many many different videos exercise is absolutely necessary to optimize your health so you want to do that five six days a week regardless but it has really very little to do with losing weight it is good for reversing insulin resistance but you shouldn't have to force your body through exercise to lose weight and then one of the most common arguments is that it's too extreme and and again it's an opinion it's like surely fat is bad surely it's extreme to eat that few carbs but when we call it a dream we want to ask extreme compared to what okay if we go into a food store today it has about fifty thousand items on the shelves how many of those items existed ten thousand years ago or even five hundred years ago okay hardly any that's extreme we have replaced our entire food supply with fake foods we don't have access to real food from most regular food stores that's extreme okay when people say that it's too extreme to eat 30 grams of carbs compared to what 400 grams of carbs is extreme because your ancestors never ever saw that kind of carbs never even if they found a beehive and they ate the whole thing in one bite they probably couldn't get that much so most of the objections are based on emotional reactions to what we believe is true and it doesn't have any solid foundation doesn't have any good explanation in physiology and the best way to judge this is try it and see how it works what you want to understand though is along the way it's about quality of foods is it sustainable absolutely is it safe absolutely can it be done healthy absolutely does everyone have to do it is it the best possible diet for everybody not necessarily if you like it then do it if you reverse your insulin resistance all the way then I think most people can probably not have to be in ketosis I think you should still be at low carb because four hundred grams of carbs a day is going to ruin your health guaranteed but even if you start eating a little bit of potato here and there or some some brown rice or something if you have completely reversed your insulin resistance then that might be okay so we don't want to turn keto into a religion either okay the reason it is so popular and the reason it works so well and the reason it's a fantastic idea for most people is that most people are insulin resistance from decades of eating processed foods and too many carbs so what you want to do you want to listen to people who have clinical experience who have actually worked with a lot of people over a long period of time and who have some sort of education and some foundation in physiology to understand insulin everyone else is pretty much just a self-proclaimed expert in in one field or another and what they're throwing around our opinions and most of these opinions are based on emotions and what we've been told and surely it can't be like that okay so this channel is all about learning as much as possible about how the body really works so that when you see that next article or you hear that next comment then you have enough knowledge that you can make up your own mind and you can say yeah that makes sense that fits about a hundred other pieces of good information I've heard or you can say you know that doesn't make sense because it's just another piece thrown out there so share this video with as many people as you can leave your comments below I'll be happy to answer as many questions as I want if you want additional videos on different topics let me know I'm gonna try to cover as many different topics as possible and answer as many questions as possible so thanks for watching you

  Top Comments:
  1. @drekberg [92 likes]: 🔷 Watch This Next: How Much Fat On Keto? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsLRUhC5VnM&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR5EEi0BfBp2P7I5FyQKjaSd
  2. @CJ-ft9yo [1 likes]: I eat meat eggs green veg with different good fats and eat sea salt mag ACV  but still feel bad  on this diet, the brain fog and weakness is off the scale, only just get through my job, 20th day into ketosis, not hungry 18:6 but lost 600 grams, not even water weight.   I’m not sure if I can make 8 months  just to loose 8 kg feeling this  awful all the time…  ketones are jet fuel for the brain and body?    Really ?  I feel like I’ve  been given water not the kool aid. I don’t even have extra energy to walk the dog.  I think I’ll have porridge, hopefully will feel myself.
  3. @CanvasSoldier [1 likes]: You know what I think is extreme: Type II diabetes. Keto is great! Thank you for teaching me, Dr. E.
  4. @Wellnesswarriors.i: Fat insulin resistance  keto - keto acidosis - summary all things moderation
  5. @astronauthh9301: Is KETO diet safe for me when I have pancreatic portal hypertension, cirrhosis and ascites ? I on KETO (or low carb) and my sugar is 6,5 in the morning, is that normal ? I also do IF 18/6
  6. @WendyWertz-q9v: I used to crave sugar all carbs became obese / now I’m at my ideal weight 118 pounds at 57 ! I now crave eggs bacon butter and beef more than anything else …EVERY SINGLE DAY ❤ JUST ASK KELLY HOGAN WHOS OVER 15 years keto / carnivore ❤ she healthy and going strong .
  7. @WendyWertz-q9v: Thank you ❤
  8. @WendyWertz-q9v: It’s not about weight loss for me it’s TBI brain health and mental health / blood pressure / blood sugar control
  9. @marcelmolenaar5684: Lymphatic System may start leaking when longer Keto than a month increasing accordingly.
Repair by eating eggs with salts and minerals. 
Eat old cheese.
Eat 10 grams of porkfat and milkbutter at least once a week.
Notice !! When you collect water then your life is in danger ... ;
Balance electrolytes first and do eat fats like mayonaise.
Do not eat fructose or glucose
  10. @yahooyates: Keto is difficult to sustain, at least for me, just because we're constantly surrounded by great tasting non-keto foods.
  11. @kalman3139: Tried it. It works. Never felt better !!
  12. : I have been on a keto diet for 13 months , woman age 66 . I have lost 25 lbs, totally cured arthritis pain in all joints and feel much younger and have more energy. After seeing this video , I am now convinced to continue this eating practice. So haaaaapy 🎉
  13. @vivekrbs: Yet another keto peddler
  14. @David-c6z3x: A high carb diet isn’t sustainable either the hospitals and doctors waiting lists prove that
  15. @sole_stelle: ❤
  16. @carrieprice27: I went throw a windshield 259 stitches across my face , bleeding in the brain , clinically dead , keto is better then death
  17. @Not_Always: On keto for the second time and lost over 100 pounds. Guess it's worked for me long term
  18. @alchgap: After 3 months on keto, and very nice results, I'm seeing some old symptoms comming back and as winter is coming, I also experience feeling much more the cold. Any advice?
  19. @swajidz21: to hear you was pleasing experience,...
  20. @sauravsingh0603: Why always draw comparison with ancestors 5k or 500yr ago 
We also have to keep in mind that we are on average more taller than our ancestors and have more muscle mass too
Everything else is fine but it gets me wondering why you have to validate your every point by quoting "our ancestors"🤔

- Debunking Keto Myths | Dr. Josh Axe: Kind: captions Language: en Knowing and knowing Mr. Kyaak's Dragon Lasting - 64 soul Just Sunday into two i met Southern Infinite 1km 3rd period Rye 5 season Squid is like this yes and Do-cheol 2 so 4 Toms told to learn az at the words Coway wish Audi Star 2 Key Mink re ah vert.x Superstar format 0 If idea is a car 2 cans Spoiler Oven The Thing something like that in advance Stylus Powder pretty 2nd Asperger this turn becoming hey ah like this laughter undergraduate this too i fiori Orange after school whole it extends today can do this is my nomination money water city place o which trying to feel that person's son easy but during undergraduate betting while pom-pom even if PC came punishment Enha OB ovi you matched squeal maybe fetus main island an summer what Earth together a few minutes hey what knot ade a idiot hype routine said to have done this putting all in like this Park So- hee Hi exactly words of routing Walker Baha'i I like affectionate whether Psy would be fast stainless easy staring Getty thing Burn the crab in front of the big one and squeeze it to use phone dating just the two of us what that oil lost but didn't do it via internet app I mean because it didn't get tangled Ongdal Sure disease in style to overseas you guys cherish crying and it's 5 teams Someone Playtime Sonus in water flow i hope i possess a sun of pharmaceuticals and young is cdi D-Day then I thought there was a connection no hat self oh my House 2 all like this foreign what Maru and smile Baha'i State MK especially smoking fetus dried [ __ ] a little 9 o'clock it's okay middle speeding n extreme let's do it lost but hype lte2 view level high protein one-key live this word Go-Stop making about foot makeup aha this toi our good place is toy a arrange and use tapping 4d is key layout addition NFL John is pipe CF routing Phyto selfie viewer Stone is pipe cto King pipe selfie month 5000 t in front weekend stolen genius like this Teu sse sse sse sse sse sse sse sse Cee Cee Cee Cee New Guyo Lara can hold so Yoona Cassid affiliate Si One S 2 binding oil of language well member 2nd place 2 sheets Art body Gir drug Ke x r rho Shu big soldier will get entangled Hao 6 o'clock video what not university can lower Ice No. 3 ordinary as fried outside menu is also popular ost2 sy Huh hey Enter w Neeson leave bottled water shape demanding that that is dimension personality words came back so with us student also words pensive when came this movie Yuma link Yixing if you raise that outer Maro job study in addition aga introduction en soi Waits line is walking optician hey ending fog is Tang Seo follow Gaepo al is the biz prone position 3rd place Strt when will honored due to school within 1 second 5 not good student number document patch anime Seoshi 3 not particularly Mi Free honeymoon words or To Say Creed 6 o'clock Sand like this yours what disappeared nipple or Huh Kota 1 4 7 4 2 Yume Carp fishing front is 5 cups Lee Sung-bum when tangled Kira o2 language can't be in the middle upload rp count to metaphor Jonah Timex still elementary 1 3 app words shading declaration were cabbage shirt walking uh follow Uya crude oil inside Kira do all and Namba call key Chow written Kiryu uh ah scent house show as if selfim te will be child brand 3 inverter school ssem etc. Kiro As end humor dog weather almost week 500 million esc can't do housing etc. single cat cow Ceci is done u are to find it on lex those people korea so i can't use or logo of the column behind wear being ah unfamiliar line is Kiro in the ruler map skin is also very short you know, right? Well Aruba clothes language Tiger fight inside break fill laughter os and house lg note ssem etc. skills as become slice write this back MacPaw short damn esm life Messe member fight un accompaniment dental school Because there is Cairn's raise in overseas don't fill hand after about 5km curve one day ds choi erode medicine smear DNA pol pot x1 can raise v v even if you come home function briefly like this car excellent written do you use of beaver chi now heat kudzu tie this crystal cube money pulled out ah can come for sucking embedded like this could have become so prime pick without design thing sponsor looking at will play table of 1's oil fortunately due power hey Jude in follow i'm moreover came to find like this of 3rd grade dog is 6 people rotten tree followed rotten n jaw lighter that's Ma Mr. Baek writing power hurting and together be love juice haha laughter killed all Theo lonely heart professor's words very blocked can burn Shaud colostrum 3 Turkey man and storyon what now how-to is in war workshop if strong ahh haa ugh barely that me i face is cj ahh finally house became pretty odin around a and point were Front seat bot gum spice breath out this university stone and 2 people 1 cycle Ryona pier correct making saw lute wood key Luza my why idle ac power 5m aging lawsuit agreed subject des Pastore while turning on opportunity comes of img as display eu

  Top Comments:
  1. @aquamoon4401 [5 likes]: Thank you Dr.Axe. I've been following you for years, I love your channel. I have been doing keto on and off for the past year. Even when I'm not in ketosis I don't like consuming a lot of carbs and I'm able to maintain my weight. Thanks again for all the helpful information!
  2. @debramartinez9652 [3 likes]: Dr. Axe, there is also another myth (or is it a myth?) that all that fat will clog your arteries and cause heart attack.  Is that true?
  3. @noahahmed8247 [2 likes]: hey dr i have seborrheic dermatitis pretty bad on my scalp im 20 years old i also have  fatty liver. i hear so many conspiracies with keto and hear keto can cause hairloss because of the lack of biotin and a few other vitamins and minerals... im scared because im already losing hair my seborrheic dermatitis is partially the cause because my scalp and hair is so so dry.. my hair cant even stand right anymore because of how damaged it is im not bald but im losing it around the hairline and temples i dont know where to turn since so many people are saying different things :( i just want to be healthy lose weight and have my hair and skin healthy again...
  4. @theresewermuth6856 [2 likes]: Also just recently studies have confirmed that keto not only stops cyst growth in polycystic kidney disease but can also shrink the cysts as well. It is especially effective when paired with intermittent fasting
  5. @congressspring [2 likes]: Contrary to some comments this is not a "fad" diet, been around for over 100 years. It's a lifestyle and just like there are people who are lactose and gluten intolerant, people can be carbohydrate intolerant...insulin resistant.  There is no such thing as an essential carbohydrate.  Want to fatten an animal for market...feed it grains and carbohydrates...this is the standard american diet.  Being in a state of nutritional ketosis is anti-inflammatory, thus reducing chronic inflammation which is the root of many health problems like heart disease, T2 diabetes, obesity, stroke, dementia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, cancer, high cholesterol, etc.
  6. @ms123critic [2 likes]: I started keto on the 28/05/2019 and I was weighing 90:20kg and yesterday the 7/05 I weighed in at 86:90KG. :D I do track my macros.
  7. @ms123critic [2 likes]: Yes that’s what I happen on doing. Once I reach my ideal weight. I will go to moderate diet. I like the benefits of keto. No cravings.
  8. @DreamsOfLegend [1 likes]: I blood measure my Ketones. It's a myth that high protein will kick you of Ketosis.

Gluconeogenesis (your body making glucose) is demand driven not supply driven.

Almost two years Keto, last 7 months 90% Carnivore-Keto... Blood Ketones and blood glucose remained the same, I average 1-1.5 mmol daily (much higher on extended fasts) with my blood sugar STABLE at 70-90 mg
  9. @TSunshineful [1 likes]: Great explanations. Answered the questions I’ve been wondering about .
  10. @nonaviki5502 [1 likes]: is it butter for autoammune dessiseses  like lupes   please
  11. @cavetreasures5475 [1 likes]: Yeah! YEAH!...
  12. @scif2622 [1 likes]: 🤩
  13. @bombshellkell7255: Hey Dr. Josh Axe.... just finished your keto audio book & I was wondering if the recipes can be made in "meal prep" form & still have a positive effect or must I jump around & do all the different recipes for the full effect?
  14. @helenndow1101: I am glad it’s not for long term. During my one  week keto, I spent most of my time on the toilet
  15. @JustBenG: Thank you Dr. Axe.
  16. @ritas3177: Can vegans do a Keto diet?
  17. @allielavoie2453: I’m very happy you did this video! I’m so tired of seeing people’s pictures on social media of their “keto” meals when they only consist of meat and avocado!!! I wish people would do more research or see a nutritionist/dietitian when doing this diet. Thank you!
  18. @michelledj7267: Hi Dr.Axe, can you make a vid suggesting on how to remove the uteral stone naturally?
  19. @judyfarmer2962: I had pain so bad in my legs and back and it is gone. I’ve lost 46 lbs but am in a stall. I want to lose another 20 lbs. I’m going to re-evaluate what I’m doing and tweet my food.
  20. @christianmistieburris7931: Dr. Axe, When you talk about cheat days.... wouldn't this be similar to a carb up meal, or similar to what you've mentioned regarding keto 320 with the 2 days on 1 day off. Can you differentiate for us? Husband and I are doing clean keto now, whereas in the past we did butter and bacon keto for 7 months (unsuccessful for me btw). -this time I planned on doing 30-60 days clean keto then intermittent keto to help my body "refuel".

- 7 Keto Myths that Need Debunking in 2020: Kind: captions Language: en all right there's a lot of videos out there to talk about the Aikido myths and everything like that but what I wanted to do is I wanted to take a 2020 rendition son of a different stab at this and talk about some of the things that are starting to come forward a little bit more the first thing that I want to talk about is one that's very very very obvious and that's been it's just been talked about so much and it comes down to the mainstream media that Kito's hard to stick to all I'm gonna do Punk this one in just a minute but first I want to make sure you do go ahead and please hit the red subscribe button and then hit that little Bell icon now the videos that I'm doing right now are a little bit different you're during the time of filming were in isolation so I'm in my little studio downstairs and I'm filming this stuff by myself so anyhow please do turn on those notifications so you never miss our daily videos first thing I need to talk about Kido is hard to stick to look what's making Kido hard to stick to isn't the fact that you're depriving yourself of anything it's the fact that we have food marketing bombarding us all the time okay we have hyper palatable foods we have bright colors if you look at any kind of food marketing in the first place one of the first things they do is try to psychologically sort of entice you to want that food look at most junk food bright colored packaging okay bright fluorescent powders on foods the fact of the matter is is that that is what is making us addicted to food but when you actually look at the research and you look at the ketogenic diet as far as longer-term studies well then you see wait a minute there's actually a strong adherence to it so I want to talk about the verda health stuff you know the vertical study is a study that's been going on for over two years taking a look at people with metabolic disorders that are doing a low-carb ketogenic diet well it turns out there's a 74% adherence rate with the ketogenic diet okay so we're talking about a huge huge difference in how people can adhere to a diet with the ketogenic diet versus any other kind of diet now the one of the things we have to look at of course and probably something you've heard before is that beta-hydroxybutyrate which is the main ketone body is very very satiating when you see it used in all kinds of different methods right where exhaust ketones are used to suppress the appetite well it's the same thing when you're eating a nutritional ketogenic diet so the point is you are not going to be starved of anything Point Blank keto is not hard to stick to now the next one I want to touch on is talking about red meat and saturated fats people think that you always have to be eating red meat in saturated fat that's not the case the ketogenic diet is a style of eating it's a style of macronutrient changes and deprivation it's not necessarily one specific set of foods Nihao let's dive into this one of it so it's easy to look at the ketogenic diet and think wait a minute I'm just going to be consuming a bunch of red meat a bunch of dairy a bunch of cheese a bunch of saturated fat truth be told that is not the case at all okay here's what's going on all we have to be looking at is how much fat you want to get in how much protein you want again and how many carbohydrates you want to get in the New York Times in 2019 came out and said the ketogenic diet is worrisome because it encourages a diet high in saturated fat I can speak for my own personal experience I do not eat a lot of saturated fat look it let me give you just a simple example if you want to consume 75 percent of your calories from fat there is nothing saying that those 75 percent need to come from saturated fat they can come from polyunsaturated they can come from monounsaturated fat you can drink 75 percent of your calories from olive oil if you really wanted to the ketogenic diet is not telling you to eat any one specific kind of food and then when it comes down to the protein sources I'm a big fan of switching them up anyway I go periods of time where I go plant-based I go periods of time where I have more red meat I go periods of time when I go more pescetarian the point is you are not pigeon holed in any one specific kind of protein or any one specific kind of fat at the end of the day your body is going to create ketones which is exactly what we're after from any form of fat that you consume as a matter of fact if you look at things like the Mediterranean keto diet where you're implementing Mediterranean style eating habits into a ketogenic protocol well most of the fats there are going to be monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats which funny enough are going to create ketones even faster than saturated fats so if you wanted to get down to the nitty-gritty of it saturated fats actually produce ketones at a slower rate than the polyunsaturated fats or the monounsaturated fats do so realistically if you really wanted to do a strong ketogenic diet you would actually reduce the saturated fats but that's not going to get out there because again it comes back now into marketing it's like how can they entice people to eat a ketogenic style right well saturated fat your cheese's enjoy that stuff too and I understand to get people over that hump but at the end of the day we're really after the best ultimate ketone response because here's another myth that I can tie into this one it's not about just losing weight and burning fat for fuel ketones are a signaling device which means that in addition to being a fuel for your body they provide your cells with a signaling system to be able to well signal different things okay they signal DNA to essentially be read right it's called a deacetylation habitué long story complicated stuff I have other videos on it point is its ketones that were after okay we're not after specific forms of protein or specific forms of fat which leads me right into the next myth which is going to be keto means less vegetables I would say if you talk to most people that are looking at doing the ketogenic diet they're gonna tell you that you don't eat a lot of vegetables or if they're new to the ketogenic diet they're gonna tell you that you need to restrain yourself and not need a whole lot of vegetables because they'll kick you out of ketosis because there's carbohydrates in them okay well there's a very Umbreon ik thing to explain here first it obviously you've probably heard of like the net fiber thing right generally when you look at the carbohydrates that are gonna be in vegetables they're going to be fiber carbohydrates which technically aren't going to have as much of an effect on your blood sugar to begin with but let's forget about that for just a second okay the vegetables themselves even if they have a little bit of carbohydrates get broken down into something called short chain fatty acids now this gets complicated but again bringing it back to make it very very simple okay these short chain fatty acids are called butyric acid or butyrate okay and what that means is basically when the bacteria in your gut starts to break down these vegetables they get turned into this short chain fat which feeds what are called the epithelial cells within your intestinal tract why is this powerful well because it turns out that this short chain fatty acid that vegetables turn into actually has the ability to turn into ketones because guess what when you break down fats you're ultimately breaking them down into shorter chains to eventually get turned into keto as well in fact there is some evidence out there that shows that butyrate which again broken down from vegetables could be potentially more ketogenic than MCT oil so what I mean by this is by eating your veggies and actually tuning them well and actually having them digest you could potentially be putting yourself in a spot to create more ketones which isn't going to kick you out of ketosis it's going to level up the effect okay additionally you're taking care of those epithelial cells you're feeding the intestinal cells that are helping prevent the potential of what's called a leaky gut okay now this goes down a bunch of different rabbit holes talking about inflammation modulation and everything like that which again I have probably dozens of videos surrounding that but I wanted to just be able to debunk this myth I lost more fat when I increase my vegetable content and stopped concerning myself whether it was gonna kick me out of kete Kido then I did when I was trying to restrain carbohydrates in general don't think about it too much the focused vegetables that you want to be paying attention to are going to be the ones that are deep leafy greens okay the deeper green the more chlorophyll the more ultimate but if you want to call that detoxification factor chelation effect they're gonna have anyhow I digress but on to the next one which is going to be fruit when I was losing weight and I started sprinkling a little bit of fruit in the my diet something magical kind of happened now I speak from my own experience here because again I think it was somewhat psychological the fruit kind of gave me that feeling like okay I'm not missing out on things I think we have this belief within ourselves just simply because of how we're raised and just probably the generation a lot of us grew up and that fruit is nutritious and fruit has a lot of vitamins and minerals and to some degree it does but they kind of get canceled out by the sugar anyhow we feel like we're missing something when we don't have fruit and when we go on a ketogenic diet and we feel like we can never touch that healthy nature candy right well that makes us believe that we're missing out on something well the truth is a little bit of fruit is going to be fine especially if it's berries what I usually recommend is no more than like a quarter absolute most half cup of low glycemic berries like strawberries or raspberries things like that the thing that you have to remember however is that fructose which is the sugar from fruit gets processed in the liver which means it's very easy to overdo it okay so with a lot of power like that by eating that fruit comes a lot of responsibility right like spider-man like I always say so what you want to be doing is you want to make sure that you're having that fruit later in the day okay here's what's going on in the morning your body actually can't utilize that fruit nearly as much okay you actually should be having your fats allocated towards the morning and if you're going to have a little bit of carbohydrates or a little bit of fruit you want to do it later in the day simply because you're gonna have the glucose transporters that are gonna actually allow that fructose to go and do its job and not potentially spill over a lot easier you see there's a study those published in BMC medical genomics that had found this they found that basically our storage mechanisms or our ability to store fat or ability to utilize energy etc etc was different with diurnal rhythms from the morning to the night time so have a little bit of fructose have a little bit of fruit have your berries to keep you sane my recommendation would be three to four days per week allow yourself to have that quarter third cup of strawberries dipped in a little bit of heavy whipping cream or something like that you're all good as we move on to this next myth this is a really really important one and a little bit of an esoteric one that people don't usually talk about but it's a mistake that I see people making and I want to be able to get it corrected okay eating way too much in the way of protein not because it's kicking you out of ketosis but because of what it can do with the levels of Metheny within your body the point here is you're going to want to cycle through your proteins so listen very very carefully so when you're doing keto you're usually eating more protein than if you were not doing keto now the common discussion that people are going to be having is oh well you shouldn't eat so much protein because I can kick you out of keto know that quite honestly is debunked I don't even want to talk about that one what I want to talk about is eating too much of the actual muscle meat and not getting the amino acids that you need from other forms of food to balance it out here let me make some sense of this so what's going on okay you're eating a bunch of steak you're eating a bunch of chicken you're eating a bunch of muscle meat and ordinarily this wouldn't be that big of a deal but it becomes such a big constituent of your overall diet that it does become a big deal in this case well what happens when you eat just muscle meat is you have a high degree of what's called a methine Metheny is an amino acid that you get from just the meat okay from just eating meat just the muscle portion hear me out on this okay so what happens is that Matheny contributes to increased levels of what's called homocysteine now you can name countless studies that show that homocysteine contributes to cardiovascular disease and homocysteine can be you know very bad right the whole point is if your body is healthy homeless cysteine should get recycled through folate dependent methylation or folate independent methylation different forms in which essentially homocysteine gets recycled by the liver and gets broken back down into the proper just amino acid form and can get essentially broken down well here's what you have to look at it in the big picture of this in the grand scheme we in our history we're probably eating more than just the muscle meat if a caveman made a kill you wouldn't just eat the the leg meat right eat the tendons eat the bone part of the bones the marrow things like that in other words he'd be getting collagen in well collagen has a high degree of what's called glycine turns out that glycine is an amino acid that is required for the specific methylation process like the FO lead independent in the folate dependent methylation of homocysteine so if we don't have glycine coming in then we don't do a very good job of recycling this homocysteine so my words of encouragement here try to get different sources of protein to make sure you get your glycine in okay whether it's going to be a pea protein a collagen protein okay so I know people that do carnivore that still should be abiding by this point is over time too much Metheny is being shown to be quite bad we don't want to have increased levels of homocysteine if you want my recommended collagen I did go ahead and I linked out to perfect keto down below just because I personally think they're the best-tasting collagen so I highly highly recommend them plus you can save a couple bucks by using them down below just so that you guys do know they are a big sponsor of this channel they're a big supporter of this channel and some of the best ways that you can support my content is by supporting them and supporting my sponsors so big thank you to them perfect keto also has these cookies now which are really really good tasting but they have collagen in them it's not like you're having to just have a collagen shake all the time they've just done a really good job these things are awesome and I like a lot of the different keto cookies that are out there but these are pretty epic or they're utilizing calorie low so there's a great prebiotic fiber as a sweetener but honestly for the context of this video I just like them because it's a good way to get collagen in without having to actually go and eat tendons and stuff if you don't want it addition to that honestly if you're gonna consume collagen they're the best my opinion they're absolutely the best so go ahead and use that link down below in the description and you just want to add that probably to your daily routine to make sure you're getting that collagen and getting that glycine and so you can at least can help contribute to the overall just balance within your body that I'm talking about the other thing that you can do is of course have a little bit of pea protein or you can just look up foods that are higher in glycine a glycin supplement directly probably isn't going to do as good it's better to get it from like a whole food form so too much muscle meat without balancing it out is going to be a problem again if you're not doing a ketogenic diet you're probably not consuming as much protein for this to be an issue but on a ketogenic diet it very well could become an issue and the jury's still out since some of the science is a little bit embryonic anyhow on to the next myth doing keto for too long or too aggressively is going to make it so that you get weaker and you end up losing a bunch of muscle look at this myth has a lot of different I don't know fingers that we could touch on right okay the obvious thing that people will generally talk about is no keto is anti catabolic yada yada yada that's a simple one beta hydroxy butyrate yes keto is going to actually help preserve muscle but at the end of the day the big argument is you have less glycogen right you have less carbohydrates in your storage form of your muscles which would lead you to believe that you're gonna have less strength and ultimately less overall osmotic effect on the muscle allowing it to grow or keep your strength well the funny thing is as someone that's been doing keto for nine or ten years I can tell you this is really far from the truth see as you get more adapted to the ketogenic diet your body creates glycogen from other substrates okay again we go back to gluconeogenesis what that means is that if you have a good amount of muscle or you're trying to build muscle and you have that demand for it your body is going recruit glucose from other means to demands to get that glycogen so what I've noticed is after years of doing the ketogenic diet if I increase my protein intake sometimes that protein will actually get converted into glycogen point is here if you're working out you're lifting weights and you're actually continuing to train the way that you should if you're trying to build muscle or trying to maintain muscle the ketogenic diet is absolutely going to support that just as well as any other diet I wouldn't say it's necessarily superior yes you know whoever wants to do whatever they want to do that's fine the point is is that our bodies have these mechanisms to make sure that we get the glycogen that we need okay and if you just give it time eventually your body will develop the ability to convert these other substrates into the storage form of glycogen therefore giving you that strength that you need so this is a very very very important one because I don't want people to think that they're just going to deteriorate and they're gonna lose muscle mass they're going to lose their strength huge keto myth that had to be debunked in a different way here for 2020 this big myth that I have to address here is in regards to LDL cholesterol and some of you might tune out because you don't think that it applies to you the fact is it applies to you no matter what your age so let's just discuss this for just a second the LDL is not cholesterol in the first place and it's it's a transporter it's like a boat that carries triglycerides right so here's what we have to remember as people that are looking at the ketogenic diet or trying to combat these certain things right okay when you do a ketogenic diet there's a good chance your LDL levels will increase and that's simply because you're mobilizing more triglycerides triglycerides are the storage form of fat that get liberated when they get liberated they ride on boats okay they ride on these cholesterol boats okay LDL low-density lipoprotein or HDL right so if you're moving more fat you're going to have more cholesterol that's really not that big of a deal okay now there's other risk factors for cardiovascular disease right pet obesity diabetes all these things so I'm not trying to play doctor here but I'm just trying to be real it's a really salt actual problem at its root what ends up happening is if you have sugar in the system I want you to think of the sugar that's like a little iceberg right these little glaciers that are floating in the bloodstream and you've got these lvl boats that are cruising around well if they run into a glacier then it damages the LDL it damages the boat and it causes it to sink and it causes it to deposit on the arterial wall it sinks to the ocean floor in this case your arterial wall so really when sugar is in the equation or inflammation is in the equation that's where we run into a problem with higher levels of LDL now another thing to consider is mobilizing that LDL keeping things moving keeping the liver healthy okay cycling through how much saturated fat you have versus monounsaturated fat things like that because the other thing that we have to consider is the longer that LDL is floating around in the bloodstream the more time it has to potentially become oxidized oxidized LDL is a problem that is the kind of stuff that can contribute to more inflammation and cause kinds of issues right so we don't want LDL to be circulating for a long period of time so we take care of our liver and one of the kind of hacks that I have in this case is okay saturated fat tends to close off some of the receptors in the liver for for HDL and for different cholesterol s'right saturated fat tends to shut off the LDL receptors in the liver okay so that means that we potentially have more LDL floating around because it can the boat can't get to the dock so what you want to do is you want to go through periods of time where you do go low saturated fat so that you can increase sort of the affinity of the liver for the LDL meaning if your LDL levels are high if you do cut out the saturated fats for a chip for an amount of time you can at least give your body a purging break to let those LDL levels come down because again I have to be real hey LDL is not necessarily the problem but high levels of LDL can still potentially be bad so it's not like we just want to just run around thinking that our LDL levels are fine if they're through the roof we still want to kind of do something about anyhow the point is don't be stressed out thinking that that's the root of the problem the root of the problem is usually coming from sugar it's coming from glycation it's coming from other things so as always I do want to make sure that you keep it locked in here my channel we have videos coming up just about every single day I appreciate you being here and I'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @georgesahinidis7994 [1 likes]: He is so right about the muscle meat. I lost a lot of weight when living in china. Eating the local food without the carbs (noodles and rice). I think it was so effective because of the variety of meats from all parts of animals. While especially in the USA it feels like all the meat used everywhere comes from exactly the same place because it has that same flavor and texture. A protein powder with collagen was also the most effective thing I used when trying to get lean. I think this is important.
  2. @BrecMadak [1 likes]: Me love some lemon and olives being as fruits on my diet every single day.
  3. @MeditationRelaxSleeps: My hero, your best on youtube for all nutrition and health thanks
  4. @SayCheeseM3dia: How is hilo life chips
  5. @mattlucero2486: I love how there’s a hot pocket commercial tin the middle of your video 👌
  6. @paras7772: i think  keto is best diet becus for me , in keto , is easy to track calories and most important keto diet help to feels me full and less hungry through out the day
  7. @tobiace6708: After the "lot of power comes a lot of responsebility" phrase in the strawberry fructose context, I felt a strong urge to punch my monitor
  8. @firmbeliever3847: Marketing is another funny word for control
  9. @gagangupta3422: ldl do not cause heart disease...i m stunned how misinforming is this
  10. @gagangupta3422: ketogenic diet: eat fruit responsibly...nothing is more funny than this
  11. @handsomegorgeous5072: Thomas PLEASE get on a broadcast channel that's NATIONWIDE 🙏 spread the truth my keto bro 🙂🙂💪💪
  12. @antonarc8433: The point is .....
  13. @MrKevlarkent: how long should one keep to non-saturated fat to get this effect?
  14. @emilee_7265: my partner is Veget, eat no fish, no meat, only cheese, and has Homocisteine far to high!!! and? why? and is not keto eats a lot of fruits, diet ist clean, not oft processed food. So  thats not meat is problem men!!!!!!
  15. @emilee_7265: I eat a lot more veggies when I am on Keto...... seriously! saturated fats are not bad...they are super good und for energy also! and... I eat dont meat at all!!!!!! And I love keto. I eat eggs and fisch and a little cheese  and sun warrior shake. So you can consume what you want!!!!! except garbage ( sugar, grains, processed foods. ) Greeting Thomas great job always
  16. @loveistruth5713: Point well taken, the ad for your video showed Subway  And Hershey bars
  17. @davidsopher6871: Mmmmm Doritos 😋
  18. @OleensEmbroidery: 1. hard to stick to 
2. too much red meat and saturated fats   
3. means less vegetables 
4. keto means no fruit  
5. too much proteins   
6. (couldn't find it)
7. high levels of  fat increases heart disease
  19. @matt43neb: Following keto ur style my blood sugar 14 day average 111  usually around 189 155   ty for clean keto info
  20. @tiehara: The keto recommended fruits ate not native to my local area.  The fruit I hand access to are not recommended

- Keto Diet Myths - Is a ketogenic diet safe? Cardiologist talks 5 misconceptions: Kind: captions Language: en What's up everyone? This is Steven Lone, lifestyle medicine cardiologist. In this video, we're going to go over five common myths and misconceptions about the ketogenic diet. But before we get going, don't forget to subscribe. Like this video if you like it. Give me a comment below afterwards and tell me what you think. What is the ketogenic diet? It's a diet that severely restricts carbohydrates. It excludes breads, pasta, sugar, milk, corn, beans, and rice and focuses on eggs and dairy, oils, and meat. Yes, some nuts and seeds are allowed, some vegetables and berries in very small amounts as long as you don't exceed a certain amount of carbohydrates. This puts you into a state of what's called ketosis, which is actually the same thing that happens when somebody is starving. And a lot of people lose weight on a ketogenic diet, some of their biomarkers get better, but is it good for you in general? Let's get to these five myths. Myth number one. The ketogenic diet is good for type 2 diabetes and really the cause of type 2 diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity. This is absolutely false. Type 2 diabetes is not carbohydrate toxicity whatsoever. Yes, there is some intolerance to eating carbohydrates. It can make your blood sugar go up in the short term, but the big picture of type 2 diabetes is over calorie consumption and more importantly over consumption of fat. When the fat gets into your cells, you become insulin resistant. That's one of the reasons why weight loss is the biggest, most important thing for controlling type 2 diabetes. You could actually eat all the carbohydrates you want as a type 2 diabetic if you keep them unprocessed from whole foods and keep your diet very low in fat. This has been shown in randomized controlled clinical trials with a whole food plant-based low-fat diet being more superior than the American Diabetes Association diet for diabetes control. I'm going to link a whole bunch of awesome resources in the description below about type 2 diabetes, ketogenic diets, and really the proper way to control your type 2 diabetes with diet. And this makes tons of sense. The blue zones, longest living cultures in the world ever described, are a very high carbohydrate culture, and they get their carbohydrates from fruits and vegetables, beans and lentils, and whole grains. They don't really have type 2 diabetes in their culture despite the high carbohydrate content because they're unprocessed whole carbohydrates. There is no physician anywhere in any specialty that should ever recommend sugar or refined carbohydrates such as white flour products. That's absolutely horrible. And of course, ketogenic diets exclude sugar and white flour. Well, so do other types of diets, too, like a Mediterranean diet or a more plant-based diet. So, as long as you're getting rid of the sugar and the refined carbohydrates, the other types of carbohydrates from fruits and veggies, beans and lentils, whole grains are absolutely fine to consume. The key is keeping it low in fat. Myth number two, a ketogenic diet is good for long-term weight loss. Absolutely false. While it is true people can lose weight on a ketogenic diet in the short term, is it good for you long-term? Well, look at all the possible side effects that people can have from the ketogenic diet. But even if you do tolerate it in regards to symptoms and side effects, is it really good for you in the long term? Experts talk about the risks of the ketogenic diet, not just the brain fog, but constipation, cholesterol goes up, kidney and liver issues, and yes, you can get nutrient deficiencies on a ketogenic diet. Myth number three, a ketogenic diet is fine for people with cancer or for cancer prevention. Again, absolutely false. Currently, no major cancer health organization, including the American Institute of Cancer Research and the American Cancer Society, recommend a ketogenic diet for cancer patients or for cancer prevention. And actually, just the opposite. The American Cancer Society recommends a predominantly plant-based diet with fruits and veggies, beans and lentils, and whole grains. An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Anytime a diet tells you you can't even eat a single apple because you won't be in their dietary plan anymore, you know there's a problem. Myth number four, a ketogenic diet is fine for heart health and can prevent heart disease. Absolutely, absolutely false. I am a cardiologist, board certified, and I've seen lots of patients in practice for 14 years. And I have seen people, plenty of them, have lots of heart attacks and strokes while consuming a ketogenic diet or other variants of low-carbohydrate diets. And again, the research shows you can lose weight. Some people, a percentage, some of their biomarker parameters can improve, their blood pressure, in some people their cholesterol can improve, but in many people the cholesterol goes way up. Check out this Mayo Clinic study of people on a ketogenic diet where their LDL cholesterol went up to greater than 300 when they got put on the ketogenic diet. That'll dramatically increase your risk. We certainly know that no major cardiology, heart health organization recommends a ketogenic diet for long-term health. What is the recommendation? A plant-based diet, of course. Check out my video on lifestyle medicine and heart disease to learn a lot more about how you can use a lifestyle medicine approach for heart disease prevention. Myth number five, the general sentiment that the ketogenic diet is a safe diet and it's fine for anybody to do. Absolutely, false. We just talked about that it's not recommended for cancer, it's not recommended for heart disease, the weight loss is only short-term and is not really good for your long-term health. So, what the heck, why would this be a safe diet? Why would somebody think that consuming high amounts of dietary cholesterol and saturated fat with high amounts of animal protein are good for you? Look at this research on animal versus plant protein showing that when you substitute plant protein for animal-based protein, mortality goes down no matter what the source of animal based protein. So, you want to live long and you want to live well, do not follow a ketogenic diet whatsoever. The current guidelines for heart health is to follow a plant-based diet. Check out my video on the ketogenic diet called keto kills. It goes into a lot more detail about all of these different things. Don't try the Well, I hope you like this video on five myths regarding the ketogenic diet. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and like this video. Give me a comment below. Check out some of my other videos, the keto kills video. Check out my video on eating bacon, you keto people. Check it out. Stay healthy. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joelucas1017 [3 likes]: I cant get on board with you DR. I'm living proof that a keto diet that keto won't reverse type 2 diabetes,4 years and counting know proof to what YOU claim,ZERO
  2. @waltezell [3 likes]: Every attack on Keto states the assumption that people on a ketogenic diet eat a lot of meat. I am on a plant-based ketogenic diet. My fasting blood sugar, which has long been a concern, has dropped about 20 points. No upswing in lipids. I sleep better at night and no longer doze off during the day. I do partake of eggs, goat milk, ghee and occasionally salmon. The sweeping dismissal of keto based on what some people do with it is misleading. I will say this about keto. I miss some of the food I used to eat. It's not fun. I would love to be talked out of it. I was talked into it by Apollo Health and the Dale Bredesen book, "The End of Alzheimer's." Obviously my health concerns are not trivial.
  3. @bjoyp7463 [3 likes]: Great video! It seems so clear but I have family members who just don’t see it and have all kinds of heart issues.  They say sugar (white sugar and in fruit) and whole grains cause inflammation and that’s the problem. 🤦‍♀️ They think they would be worse if they weren’t doing keto.
  4. @dawnmorants4180 [3 likes]: What about a diet that includes healthy fats when you are trying to reduce inflammation during menopause?
  5. @GreenVegan816 [3 likes]: I'm not diabetic but I read Mastering Diabetes to understand it better. I found it fascinating. Everyone should read it. Thank you for putting these informative videos together.
  6. @shermangholdingsllc2182 [2 likes]: Two of my close friends died on keto. One died from a massive stroke. The other died from a heart attack.
  7. @RangeOfSubjects [1 likes]: Apples. Modern apples are grown extra large because that’s what the market likes. An appropriate serving is an apple closer to the size of a tennis ball. The extra large apples can be cut in half and shared core half can be stored for a short time.
  8. @catsrus2890 [1 likes]: Great video!!!  Thank you!
  9. @car-or-ock616 [1 likes]: Even by reading the comments, the suggestion dawns that we have different people with different body types experiencing different outcomes following different diets. It makes sense. Genetically we come from different parts of the globe and are probably carrying DNA created in different ecosystems. The diet of the people in the Amazons was different from those living in the Pacific Northwest, the arctic circle, Scandinavia, the Aegean Sea, the Dead Sea, etc.
Can we identify different types of menus for different types of bodies?
  10. @jvolk5619 [1 likes]: Good video, but the title 'Lifestyle Medicine Cardiologist' was a bit misleading. I thought I was listening to an MD cardiologist and thought that the benefits of a plant-based diet were being more recognized by the cardiology medical community. Having said that, I appreciated the video and facts presented.  Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn, a retired cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic, did a study years ago showing the reversal of heart disease/plaque build-up by eating a low-fat vegan diet for 3 years. My dad went on this diet, and after 3 years, test results showed that his arteries were clean and without any plaque. This video helps inform people about the health benefits of a plant-based whole foods diet, but still more needs to be done in the medical/cardiology arena informing patients the option of reversing heart disease through diet.
  11. @michaelmackey754 [1 likes]: Excellent video! Thanks
  12. @NaeMuckle: If you're eating poor quality meat then of course your LDL levels will go up
  13. @snaveleigh: Can't reversal diet just be calorie controlled and not low fat?
  14. @MuraliTummala-b9k: Thank you, Dr Lome! Excellent video.
  15. @chris_losin_it: I don’t understand treating a disease or illness long term when it can be cured with nutrition.

- Doctor Mike on Diets: Ketogenic Diet | Diet Review: Kind: captions Language: en - What the heck is ketogenic diet? - [Narrator] Quickly lose weight. - Fats with benefits. - Satiates your appetite. - She chose this. - He chose this. - [Reporter] Butter is good. - Explain yourself. - The ketogenic diet, let's break down what all this hype is about. I'm gonna tell you what it is, briefly how it works, and discuss some of the claims they're most commonly made on the subject. Let's get started. (upbeat music) Before we get into the ketogenic diet, let's break down some very simple nutrition basics. There're three major macronutrient groups that we're gonna be paying attention to: proteins, fats, and carbs. These are nutrients that you find in the foods you eat every single day. This standard American diet consists of 35% of fats, 15% of proteins, and 50% of carbs. Now if you're looking at ketogenic diet, the numbers are quite different with 75% being fats, 20% being proteins, and only 5% being carbs. Think about that, that's 10 times less carbs than in an standard American diet. Let's say you switch from your standard diet to a ketogenic diet, what happens inside of your body? Your body deals with this very low carb consumption in two ways: first, it enters a state called ketosis, which shifts your body's energy source to a primarily fats. Which basically means that it breaks down fats into something known as ketones, hence ketosis, and then uses those for energy. Simply put, your body begins to burn fat as its primary energy source, and moves away from glucose, which is a carbohydrate. The process of going into ketosis does take a few days, and during those days, people experience some adverse side effects: brain fog, irritability, nausea, GI discomfort. Some people label this the "Keto Flu." - I don't feel so good. - The second process your body uses is gluconeogenesis, which sounds scary, but it's really not. All it is is your body creating glucose because now all cells can function on fats alone. Fun fact here, for survival purposes, you don't need to consume any carbs as long as you're getting enough fats and proteins. Now where did all of this hype for the ketogenic diet come from? Let's take a look at the claims and find out what's true, and what's not. Claim number one, the ketogenic diet is good for weight loss. Yeah, the ketogenic diet is good for weight loss, and this happens through two important mechanisms. First, since you're using fats as your primary energy source, you're burning a lot of stored fat. Second, because fat is very satiating, makes you feel full, when you eat a high fat content meal, you actually don't want to eat as much. Therefore, you limit the amount of calories you take in throughout the day. A lot of people are surprised that when they start the ketogenic diet, that they lose weight very quickly, but that's a little misleading because the majority of the weight loss initially comes from water loss, not fat loss. For those of you seeking long-term weight loss, not super sustainable. It's graduation day, all your friends are going to get ice cream, some of them are getting a cookies and cream milkshakes. And you can't have any cause you on a ketogenic diet, that's crazy. You have to be super vigilant when you're on a ketogenic diet because carbs have this nasty habit of just sneaking into your foods. Ketchup, high carb food. Apples, bananas, cookies and cream milkshakes, well, I just love cookies and cream milkshakes. And so much for having a salivatory drink with your friends, no to alcohol. Claim number two, the ketogenic diet is good for the brain. The truth of the matter is, the jury's still out on this one because science hasn't given us the answer. The research on this area just hasn't been completed yet. Anecdotally, some people say they feel more focused or sharper when on a ketogenic diet, but I've also heard patients of mine that they feel foggier, and that Keto Flu stays with them much longer than anticipated. So I don't like using anecdotes as reasons why a certain diet is good or not. I need quality research, which I just don't have. Claim number three, a keto diet prevents, or manages, many chronic diseases. This is a yes and no answer, where a keto diet really shines is in Type II Diabetes. Because when you have Type II Diabetes, you have insulin sensitivity issues, you have high sugar content in the blood, and research has shown over and over again that the ketogenic diet for Type II Diabetes works. - Yes! - We have to talk about Childhood Epilepsy because that's where the keto diet actually got its roots. We can actually prescribe the ketogenic diet to children who have refractory epileptic seizures, and what we find is once they get into a state of ketosis, they have a decreased frequency of these seizures. It works, it's proven, it's evidence-based science. The ketogenic diet has shown some promise in the field of oncology, aka cancer. It's not ready to be a prime time cancer treatment just yet, and the research doesn't fully support it to be a preventive measure for developing cancer. But what we do know is that some promises there, and more research needs to be done. Some harms that can stem from following a ketogenic diet: nutritional deficiencies from cutting out large groups, and increase in your "bad" LDL cholesterol, kidney issues, bone issues, and even the increase of some certain cancers when you're overeating foods like processed or red meat. My final thoughts on the keto diet, I think it's a good diet for weight loss, I think it's better for short-term weight loss than long-term weight loss. So if you have a wedding that you're getting ready for, or some kind of big event that's upcoming, and you're otherwise healthy, I don't think it's a bad diet to go along. The fact that the diet is very difficult to adhere to because of how much you have to drastically change your eating patterns of the possible adverse effects that can come from following the diet, and frankly, from the lack of knowledge, and the lack of research we have on its long-term effects, all put into question and really encourage me to not recommend this diet to the majority of my patients and to you at home. I read in the comments that some of you want me to try the keto diet. If we get this video to 20,000 likes, I will try the keto diet, and I will take you on the journey along with me. As always, stay happy and healthy. We have to talk about Childhood Epilepsy because that's where the keto diet actually got its roots, found its roots, began its roots? I fucking hate itchy nose syndrome. I don't know how to do these, do I do it the whole time? I said "Keto Flu," the "Keto Flu." (laughs) (knuckles knocking the table) Settle down there, she's like where did he just pops into frame.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chelsey14100 [5200 likes]: Love this! Very educational and would love more diet review videos. It’ll help keep everyone informed and debunk a lot of those myths. Safe to say I will probably never do the keto diet, I love pasta too much 😂😋
  2. @zahboomerfooo [1 likes]: When i did keto, I felt like my brain worked alot better, but that's probably because I stopped eating suger.
  3. @logicking3765 [1 likes]: You look like a narcissistic jerk.
  4. @kalevivirtanen6344 [1 likes]: Keto is the perfect choice for a person suffering from migraines.
  5. @KeliK1 [1 likes]: 115K likes plus mine. You said 20K to try this diet. Did you?
  6. @aphopis07: Hey you are fake aren't you i learnt about gluconeogenesis and it is indeed a scary prosess why are you lying?
  7. @aphopis07: I am not against this but for those with higher metabolism like me Yeah i eat everything carbs meat and dairy grains the Indian maharashtrian eat all nutrients diet but i still am not gaining weight and yeah i do the similar quintity what twice my size dude my roommate eats 😂 i mean everything has different metabolism and bodies so you want to talk about that when discussing diets aswell
  8. @freiagalacar5786: On a vegetarian keto diet it’s virtually impossible to get adequate nutrients. That’s the biggest problem I have with it, you have to supplement everything. Ketones are also acidic, so combing that with meat which is also acidic is not balanced.
  9. @RabbiCantorDevorahTucker-Fick: I’m an adult with epilepsy. Keto isn’t just for kids anymore! It has reduced my seizures by over 50% and the improvement happened in about a week. Since I know that my overall quality of life depends on it, there are no “cheat days.” Ever.
  10. @lukemayer4753: Would you look at new trend about people saying science your blood type is your diet but says you got parasites and fungas etc... but like literally the person I know personally quit drinking 2 years now but now promoting blood analysis to determine but not from a doctor or regular blood analysis places
  11. @derekjolly3680: It's not by bag at all, and never was my bag to be into special diets of any kind, especially food group restricting diets, not even when I needed to drop some weigh a few years ago, but I keep hearing about Keto and Ketosis every day from this quite obese guy who's intending to lose serious weight.  Fact is I see it as a fad diet and greatly flawed, and with all the "ketosis" hype, it just sounds like junk science nutrition.  Also, whenever I try to find out from MD commentaries, some critical opinion on it, every last one of the MDs or PHDs who discuss it are on my list for lacking credibility, either being Vegetarian nuts, Keto nuts or Carnivore nuts. So, there's a vacuum for me on the critical thinking about it.
  12. @JasonSmith-lp6wg: I'm sorry you got the 20K likes.
  13. @roar44879: The keto diet for epilepsy is much different than what people "think" is a ketogenic diet. You have to add fat to all of your foods, like butter or olive oil. Stay away from "keto" products; chances are they aren't keto. Many keto breads contain modified wheat starch, which will lower ketones. Any other medications that raise glucose also lower ketones. You need to actually be measuring your ketones. They need to be a lot higher (than mainstream keto) for therapeutic purposes. Traditional keto for epilepsy is 4:1, meaning 4 parts fat for every 1 part of protein+ carb combined. You need to portion and weigh everything. There are other variations such as 3:1 to allow more protein, and modified atkins which ranges from 1:1- 2:1, and don't require fasting.
  14. @purehonesaopennat: Who wants who??!! Confused  sick East triangle 3 countries are hallucinating 😢😢
  15. @KatieReed-x7h: I’ve been keto now for over four years and I find it very easy to maintain and the food is delicious. My cholesterol numbers are perfect but even more importantly, no more dangerously high triglycerides. The only fault I’ve found so far with keto is the sad fact that I didn’t find out about it years sooner than I did. Keto is so easy for me to stick with and I will not allow anything or any so called special occasion to derail me. My health is way too important to me.
  16. @KatieReed-x7h: Love this! Very educational and would love more diet review videos. It’ll help keep everyone informed and debunk a lot of those myths. Safe to say I will probably never do the keto diet, I love pasta too much
  17. @TheresaRoberts-m5t: when i was on keto i had literal dreams about eating bread
  18. @PerryKirk-j6f: Started this diet weighing 372lbs 2 months in and I'm down to 339lbs. I also doing one or two 24hr fasting every week. Started lifting weights and exercising. I haven't felt this good in a long time.
  19. @maxmarrero-369: I left keto for good. I was a walking dead without energy.  I hate it.
  20. @antoniraj531: Key Toe die yet is very pop you lur.

- Diet Debunked: The Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: es Soy Mic y hoy "la dieta cetogénica (o Keto)", vamos a ver algunas afirmaciones cetogénicas y la narrativa de Keto y ver si se mantiene con la investigación. También veremos algunas de las advertencias no escuchadas de los seguidores de una dieta cetogénica. También lo que le sucedió a uno de mis espectadores cuando se hizo cetogénico y los efectos imprevistos en el ámbito de la dieta y más allá. Comencemos mirando rápidamente la mecánica básica de una dieta cetogénica que se basa en el estado llamado cetosis, que normalmente es un estado de inanición. Pero la idea, dado que comer suficientes calorías es solo una imitación de la inanición, en este estado, su cuerpo no tiene suficiente azúcar para funcionar por sí solo y, en cambio, convierte grasa en cetonas, que son un ácido que transporta energía y que puede alimentar la mayor parte del cuerpo, pero solo aproximadamente 2/3 de un cerebro hambriento, el resto debe ser glucosa, que en este caso tendría que convertirse de proteínas o grasas también. Una dieta cetogénica estándar implica comer entre el 70 y el 80 por ciento de las calorías de las grasas y solo aproximadamente el 5% de los carbohidratos y el resto de proteínas y se parece a esto: carne, lácteos, aceite, huevos y algunas plantas a un lado. Solo un plátano te pondría por encima de tu límite diario de carbohidratos, por lo que ahora es principalmente una tendencia de pérdida de peso. La dieta cetogénica fue originalmente un tratamiento para niños con epilepsia, hablaremos más de eso al final, pero debido a esto se ha investigado durante cien años, por lo que tenemos decenas de estudios bien diseñados sobre dietas cetogénicas. Porque las personas cetogénicas que están viendo esto probablemente no creerán lo que un vegano tiene que decir sobre su dieta, quiero recurrir en gran medida a las palabras de una especie de denunciante dentro de la comunidad de la dieta cetogénica para analizar estos hallazgos, así que para que quede claro, gran parte de la información de este video no proviene en absoluto de mí. Bien, veamos las palabras de "paleo mom", defensora de la dieta cetogénica y doctora en investigación nutricional, y estas son sus declaraciones de advertencia sobre los efectos adversos de una dieta cetogénica. Ella dice que la cetogénica es una dieta con riesgo inherente, como lo demuestra la extensa lista de reacciones adversas reportadas en la literatura científica y aún no ha sido una parte suficientemente exhaustiva del debate público sobre la dieta cetogénica. Ella aclara que los efectos adversos no son simples efectos secundarios, sino reacciones peligrosas reales. Luego dice: "Siento la obligación moral y social de compartir lo que entiendo estas dietas desde mi perspectiva como investigadora médica." Bueno, aquí está su lista de efectos adversos bien documentados de una dieta cetogénica. Si eres de los EE. UU., esto sonará un poco como un comercial de medicamentos: trastornos intestinales, como diarrea, vómitos. náuseas, estreñimiento, etc., riesgo de inflamación, adelgazamiento del cabello / pérdida de cabello, cálculos renales. Un estudio encontró que el 5% de los niños tenían cálculos renales, los niños... Calambres musculares o debilidad, hipoglucemia, que es un nivel bajo de azúcar en la sangre, un recuento bajo de plaquetas, alteración de la concentración/cognición. Eso está en las personas, pero también tenemos estudios que muestran una disminución del crecimiento cerebral en ratas adolescentes. Luego tenemos deterioro del estado de ánimo y acidosis tubular renal, que ocurre cuando el riñón no puede eliminar todo el ácido porque cos cuerpos cetónicos son muy ácidos. Deficiencias de nutrientes. Muchos blogs ceto restan importancia al riesgo de deficiencias de nutrientes. Y son deficiencias de nutrientes en dietas supervisadas por médicos. Hay un metabolismo mineral desordenado, crecimiento deficiente en los niños, fractura esquelética y osteopenia u osteoporosis todos estos son problemas óseos causados en gran medida por las condiciones de sangre ácida de la cetosis. Hay un aumento de hematomas sepsis, infección y crecimiento excesivo de bacterias. Esto probablemente sea causado por la hiperlipidemia que es inducido por una comida muy rica en grasas, como crema o aceite u otras fuentes ricas en grasas, esto hace que la sangre se acumule y crea un atasco para las células inmunitarias, impidiéndoles hacer su trabajo. Hay neumonía, pancreatitis aguda, este niño murió de un ataque al corazónen una dieta cetogénica después de tener pancreatitis aguda, pero los investigadores destacan en el estudio el mecanismo por el cual la dieta cetogénica la causó. Hay intervalos QT prolongados del latido cardíaco, que son anomalías eléctricas que pueden provocar muerte súbita. hay miocardiopatía, una afección en la que el corazón está agrandado o endurecido. En este estudio encontraron que el 15 por ciento de los niños que seguían una dieta cetogénica tenían el corazón agrandado, uno que lo pasaba particularmente mal fue retirado de la dieta y se recuperó destacando la naturaleza dietética obvia. Hay un cambio hacia perfiles lipídicos aterogénicos que incluyen colesterol y triglicéridos muy altos, también hay arritmia cardíaca, infarto de miocardio, que es un ataque cardíaco, irregularidades menstruales y amenorrea, que es la pérdida del período y, finalmente: la muerte. Y podrías estar pensando que porque muchos de éstos estudios que nombra Mamá Paleo fueron hechos en niños no significa que estos efectos adversos no te sucederán a ti. A pesar de todos estos peligros bien estudiados, la narrativa actual es que Keto es seguro. La madre paleo llega incluso a llamar a esto Dogma diciendo que: "es un rechazo motivado por prejuicios de cualquier estudio científico a lo que se oponga a la narrativa." Ahora vayamos a un ejemplo de la vida real de esa hipercolesterolemia o colesterol alto, uno de los efectos adversos que ella mencionó, miremos hace unos meses a uno de mis espectadores anteriores que permanecerá en el anonimato, pero solo digamos que tenía "Keto" en su nombre, así que estaba realmente en eso. Como pueden ver, estaba comiendo una dieta cetogénica bastante estándar dominada por huevos, aceite, carne y mantequilla. Su colesterol en ayunas estaba en 440, lo que es mortal. Al principio su médico dijo: oh, tienes 400 de colesterol, eso es simplemente genético, no hay nada que puedas hacer, pero luego siguieron una dieta basada en plantas y su nivel de colesterol se redujo a alrededor de 150, lo que se considera ideal y esa fue la mayor transformación que su médico había visto en toda su carrera. Y mirando el LDL o el colesterol malo en particular, aquí hay un blogger cuyo LDL era casi 300 con una dieta cetogénica, pero el médico investigador bajo en carbohidratos Loren Cordain, quien fundó la dieta Paleo, dice que los niveles ideales están entre 50 y 70, algo que ahora no encaja. Para ser justos, esto no le sucede a todo el mundo y la literatura es mixta. Aquí hay un estudio que muestra que los niveles de LDL se mantuvieron más o menos iguales y este estudio encontró que el LDL puede disminuir un poco con una dieta cetogénica, pero redujeron el total de calorías entre 400 y 500, lo que podría ser responsable de eso. Pero la conclusión principal con respecto a las enfermedades cardíacas aquí es que a pesar de la complicada narrativa cetogénica sobre el colesterol de todo el LDL está bien, si tu colesterol se dispara, pero es HDL, todavía no han reducido a nadie a niveles ideales de colesterol como a bebés recién nacidos o nuestros parientes simios o los veganos, ciertamente no han destapado las arterias ni han revertido las enfermedades cardíacas, como una dieta vegana si lo ha hecho. Otro efecto notable se demostró que las dietas cetogénicas aumentan el cortisol, tu hormona del estrés, en un 18 por ciento, como este estudio juzgó en función de los niveles de cortisol urinario. Esto se debe a que el cortisol desempeña un papel en el almacenamiento de grasa necesario en una dieta cetogénica, pero también porque ves a todas estas personas comiendo carbohidratos y tu no puedes comer carbohidratos, eso tiene que ser estresante. Pero los niveles de cortisol muy altos son malos por muchas razones incluyendo su asociación con enfermedades cardíacas y tiene sentido que tu cuerpo piense que se está muriendo de hambre y se estrese. Otro tipo de efecto extraño, imprevisto y no estudiado que he notado, tal vez usted hayas notado son los círculos oscuros debajo de los ojos asociados con una dieta baja en carbohidratos cetogénica, a estos los llamo ojos paleo o ojos de Keto. No es solo mi observación, esto está en todos los foros, una persona escribió: "¿por qué cada vez que bajo mis carbohidratos a menos de 100 gramos parezco un panda?" Y desde otro que comenzó una dieta baja en carbohidratos: "hace unos días comenzaron a aparecer círculos muy oscuros debajo de mis ojos. Mi esposa está muy preocupada." Vale, eso no puede ser bueno, pero tomemos un descanso de los efectos negativos de una dieta cetogénica por un segundo. Y mira la razón principal por la que las personas en masa realmente prueban la dieta cetogénica y es la pérdida de peso. No se puede negar que las personas han obtenido resultados de pérdida de peso con una dieta cetogénica, pero miremos más allá de las anécdotas y veamos cómo funciona. En este estudio Se descubrió que, en comparación con otras dietas bajas en carbohidratos, una dieta cetogénica no aumentaba la pérdida de peso en pacientes obesos y "fue asociada con varios efectos adversos metabólicos y emocionales", y cuando se observa uno de los estudios más promocionados sobre la Keto para la pérdida de peso en personas obesas, Ves que están perdiendo alrededor de una libra, tal vez una y un cuarto por semana, pero también tienen un déficit de 450 calorías, por lo que es difícil decir si esto es solo una restricción de calorías o no. Cualquier estudio sobre dietas veganas en pacientes obesos muestra que también perdieron alrededor de una libra por semana, aunque también tenían 350 calorías menos de lo normal. La principal diferencia aquí es que una dieta vegana es sostenible a largo plazo y no tiene esa larga lista de efectos adversos, y al menos las poblaciones veganas en el mundo occidental demuestran estar en un rango de IMC (índice de masa corporal) normal en promedio. Pero ¿qué sucede con la pérdida de grasa cuando una dieta cetogénica se compara con una dieta normal de carbohidratos con las mismas calorías? Bueno, este ensayo de alimentación controlada publicado recientemente que consideró el estándar de oro y también fue financiado por el Instituto Nacional de Salud descubrió que: "La pérdida de grasa corporal se DESACELERÓ durante la dieta cetogénica y coincidió con una mayor utilización de proteínas y una pérdida de masa libre de grasa." Masa libre de grasa siendo: músculo, agua, hueso o peso de órganos. Como muestra este gráfico, cuando las personas hicieron Keto tenían una pérdida acelerada de peso y eso podría parecer un logro, pero el escáner DEXA mostró que no, casi no había grasa, como este gráfico resaltaba, de hecho, la pérdida de grasa se alentizó tanto que tomó los 28 días completos de una dieta cetogénica para perder tanta grasa como solo 15 días con una dieta normal de carbohidratos. En caso de que fueras escéptico, si, estas personas entraron en cetosis después de unos pocos días, como se puede ver por la oxidación de grasas indicada en el cociente respiratorio. Pero muchos defensores de la dieta Keto respondieron a este estudio diciendo "oye, nunca se trató de efectos metabólicos locos, se trata de cómo una dieta cetogénica suprime el apetito" y a ellos les digo que ya no se puede afirmar que la pérdida de peso con una dieta cetogénica se debe a la imitación de la inanición, sino que claramente se debe a la inanición REAL. Esto definitivamente no es una forma saludable de perder peso y esta falta de deseo de comer lo suficiente para su cuerpo explica todos estos efectos adversos como deficiencias de nutrientes y, al igual que al salir de cualquier otro período de hambre, es probable que el peso rebote, esto está bien documentado en otras dietas bajas en carbohidratos, no hay ninguna razón para pensar que es diferente y de la revista "Obesity": "A corto plazo las dietas cetogénicas bajas en carbohidratos causan una mayor pérdida de agua corporal que grasa corporal. El peso del agua se recupera cuando termina la dieta." Y finalmente desde una perspectiva lógica si estás entrenando tu cuerpo para almacenar grasa para quemar grasa, ¿qué sucede cuando llega una fuente preferida de calorías, la glucosa, y reemplaza la quema de grasa? Entonces, solo tienes ese mecanismo de almacenamiento restante. Quiero ver muy rápidamente otra razón por la que las personas siguen una dieta cetogénica y eso, con suerte, es para mejorar su rendimiento atlético, pero como muestra este estudio, las personas que siguen una dieta cetogénica están más cansadas y tienen menos ganas de hacer ejercicio y no importa qué objetivo intenten alcanzar en el atletismo, eso no ayudará. Lo que es seguro es que no veremos ningún récord de alta intensidad como cualquier récord mundial de carreras de velocidad por parte de personas en cetosis porque han agotado las reservas de glucógeno. Muchas fuentes también dicen que desarrollar músculo no es lo ideal en una dieta cetogénica porque el corazón juegan un papel importante en desarrollo muscular, pero realmente no hay estudios sobre esto, por lo que no puedo decir definitivamente de otra manera. Ahora lo que veo como la parte más frustrante de la narrativa de la dieta cetogénica de que la cetosis es el estado natural del cuerpo humano. Aquí está el Dr. Perlmutter, un defensor de la dieta Keto: -en general, nuestro estado de metabolismo estuvo prácticamente en un grado bajo de cetosis casi durante todo el año durante el tiempo que llevamos caminando por el planeta porque no teníamos carbohidratos. -Este es un punto completamente ridículo, pero en realidad bastante conveniente porque no podemos medir el metabolismo de nuestros antepasados hace dos millones de años, pero Pero por favor apelemos a la lógica aquí, incluso los inuit, que alguna vez se creyó fueron los hijos del cartel de la cetosis debido a su dieta alta en grasas y carne, tienen una resistencia genética que los previene de entrar en cetosis. Como muestra este estudio, la dieta habitual de los esquimales muestra NO cetosis. Y, mirando alrededor del mundo, ¿no deberíamos ver personas en cetosis? No, en cambio, vemos población basada en almidón tras población basada en almidón, incluso los indios yanomami que no usan la agricultura, hacen horticultura, todavía se basan en almidón y no en cetosis. Y ¿qué pasa con todos los efectos adversos? Los informes de personas que pierden su período, ¿son tan naturales? ¿Qué hay de la acidificación del cuerpo que conduce al retraso del crecimiento y a los cálculos renales en los niños? No, y la puntilla final, como este estudio muestra que las dietas bajas en carbohidratos que incluyen muchas dietas cetogénicas aumentan el riesgo de mortalidad por todas las causas en más del 30%. Bueno, ahora finalmente es el momento de analizar las dietas cetogénicas y la epilepsia. Así es como comenzó la dieta cetogénica en la década de 1920 porque descubrieron que los niños tenían muchas menos convulsiones cuando se los ponían en una dieta cetogénica y años después, estudios encuentran que entre el diez y el quince por ciento de los niños que siguen una dieta cetogénica ya no tienen convulsiones y aproximadamente la mitad de ellos tienen una reducción del 50% en las convulsiones. El mecanismo exacto de esto aún no se ha determinado, pero una teoría es que muchos de estos deterioros neurológicos son causados por la incapacidad de la glucosa para llegar adecuadamente a la célula y las cetonas ofrecen una vía alternativa de transporte de energía. Pero creo que el punto principal aquí es que no, no puedo reclamar estos beneficios de la dieta cetogénica para la epilepsia y al mismo tiempo ignorar los efectos adversos que se descubrieron exactamente en los mismos estudios y eso es exactamente lo que está haciendo la comunidad de la dieta cetogénica. Dicho esto, sí, encuentro prometedora la idea de alimentar el cerebro con cetonas y con esperanzas, pero no creo que sea necesario tener una dieta cetogénica de origen animal y alta en colesterol y existe la posibilidad de que no tengamos que hacer esto a través de la dieta en absoluto, ya que este estudio muestra que podemos elevar los niveles sanguíneos de cetonas simplemente al comer cetonas. "Este estudio demuestra la eficacia y tolerabilidad de suplemento oral exógeno de cetonas para inducir la cetosis nutricional independientemente de la restricción dietética." Finalmente, sí, existe una dieta cetogénica vegana y la gente está experimentando con esto, pero a menos que tengas una condición muy grave, es dudoso que los posibles efectos adversos valgan la pena porque tu cuerpo todavía va a alcanzar ese estado acidificado. Pero más allá de la salud personal, una de las principales preocupaciones que tengo con esta dieta es que en una época en la que nos estamos disparando más allá del punto de no retorno en términos de cambio climático y carbono atmosférico, esta es una dieta extremadamente intensiva en carbono y, como este estudio estimó, una dieta rica en carne emite aproximadamente dos veces y media más carbono que una dieta vegana y es probable que una dieta cetogénica vaya incluso más allá de eso, por lo que no se puede afirmar ser ambientalista y comer una dieta cetogénica estándar, sin mencionar el enorme aumento del impacto en los animales, cuanto más dinero se invierte en estas dañinas industrias animales, y realmente no está bien matar animales en nombre de la pérdida de peso, solo digo. En conclusión, si eres una de esas personas que dice que "Una dieta cetogénica funciona para mí", en realidad estás diciendo que "al imitar la inanición y disminuir mi apetito pude literalmente morirme de hambre, lo que me puso en riesgo de sufrir mayores eventos adversos como trastornos cardíacos, cálculos renales, colesterol súper alto, pancreatitis e incluso la muerte, eso funciona para mí". Así que no, la dieta cetogénica no debe verse como una dieta casual para que cualquiera la pruebe, debe verse como un tratamiento muy peligroso con efectos adversos bien documentados y un aumento masivo de los efectos negativos de impacto en el medio ambiente y los animales. Y, al final, no hay razón para creer que cualquier mejora que se obtenga con una dieta cetogénica durará a largo plazo, por lo que te insto a que no creas en el bombo publicitario y, en su lugar, elijas una dieta más sostenible para tu pérdida de peso, para el medio ambiente, para tu salud y para el planeta, está bien, eso es todo por hoy, gracias por mirar, no dudes en darle me gusta y suscribirte y te veré la próxima vez

  Top Comments:
  1. @ursulasmith6402 [3 likes]: Dr. Ken Berry teaches how to eat carnivore and keto. Well, he is a medical doctor.
  2. @stephenerickson8287 [3 likes]: Trolls usually just make a comment. This guy made a whole channel
  3. @YisroelSimcha [2 likes]: I did keto for 2 years. Yes I had some nice results…. At first… but I began developing health issues and my heart was racing like crazy.
  4. @Quellochetunonsei [2 likes]: You didn’t debunk anything…
  5. @hazynpeterson4083 [2 likes]: Warning ...vegan propaganda
  6. @aulbertwest9648 [2 likes]: The ketogenic diet is one of the healthiest diets available and the research backs it up.

I lowered my A1C, blood pressure, cholesterol, and triglycerides on a fasting. It's 30 grams or less of carbs. Not anywhere near 30%. 

Yes I have reversed my AFib. My A1C went from 8.8 to 6.2 in months.

Weight being regained is likely on ANY diet including the stupid vegan diet. Where do you get your vitamin B? Not from plants.

When a vegan doesn't eat for a few hours they go into ketosis.

Here's the truth you're lying like the devil about the keto diet.

Kelly Hogan carnivore for 14 years. Dr. Richard K Bernstein. Dr. Eric Westman keto research for more than 20 years.
  7. @salgar1234 [1 likes]: Maybe if you presented this without the DRAMA non vegans might listen to you, but this sensationalism is soooo over the top, I don’t believe your prejudiced narrative and attitude.
  8. @jamesthedrummer3362: Been Keto for years , blood tests have never been better, it’s really eating WHOLE foods not processed
  9. @tonymorgan9389: Why if you re from the US you will be familiar. 
I hear the same in Canada.   Like rocky balboa  said.  “no low blows” good advice
  10. @WeedBarrier: The thing is, the keto community is essentially a cult online. I’m equivocating between keto and carnivore here, but the posts in r/carnivore are absolutely hilarious and sad. We have people wondering why they’re constipated, why they feel awful and managing to correlate it with the strawberries they ate 5 days ago because they desperately craved something sweet.
  11. @CindyHolm-n8n: Hi MIC! I'm a doctor and Vegan! " Keto eyes " comes from insufficient kidney filtration! The glomerulus in kidneys cant provide a normal fluid balance in the body and the skin becomes dehydrated because of insufficient circulation! ! Have a nice day! :eyes-purple-crying:
  12. @mandlin4602: Keto is such a damn cult, these people will seriously tell you that full fat cheddar cheese is healther that broccoli. They are deluded. I put them up there with flat earthers.

Edit to add I am not even a vegan, I am pescatarian. I respect veganism for starters you aint lying the meat industry is 1. Killing the planet and 2. Grossly abusive to animals. And you totally CAN be fully healthy on a vegan diet.

Keto is lie after lie tho.
  13. @4302AN: Cutting out junk carbs is healthy, but starving your body of the energy it prefers for months can't be healthy.
Also almost all Inuit have an adaptation to prevent them from going into ketosis. 
So the whole "natural" argument is BS. 
But veganism is probably the worst diet cult of them all. 
If you look at Indians, the most common vegan population, they are dysgenic and weak.
  14. @sensualeclectic: Doing keto and deceiv*ng your body and brain  to th*nk they are starving, if not mistak*n!!!!, how is that healthy!!??
  15. @sensualeclectic: Meat and diary does not prov*de, all the nutrients people need, anyway, if not mistak*n!!!!
  16. @Jon-g7d1u: The keto diet has helped me 😂 say what you want
  17. @anthbobo2783: Keto is bs eat your fruits
  18. @Foxtrotmoon: Yeah I tried the keto diet for about a month but I found counting carbs to be exhausting and you can't have things like pasta,bread, or even pineapple so Im like nope Im done.
  19. @melanie.3837: I can't stand Dr. Purlmutter.  He is the reason I tried the ketogenic diet with coconut oil, full fat dairy and a whole bunch of other saturated fat laden food and developed severely high cholesterol, C reactive protein, homocysteine, and other blood markers.  It severely messed up my LDL/HDL and total cholesteroll numbers.  He promised in his book that it would help the brain.  Well, no sense in having a great memory if I am dead from a heart attack!  My doctor wanted to put me on statins. I abruptly went on a WFPB way of eating a few years ago and haven't looked back.  My cholesterol numbers went down by almost 100 points and continue to normalize.  Happy being plant based.  I have heard exercise and intermittent fasting may help with ketosis for people who have memory issues and find ketosis to help.
  20. @BrandenPratt: You did a damn good job with this video.

- LOW CARB KETO DIET - Debunking 7 Misleading Statements: Kind: captions Language: en Let's face it the ketogenic diet is arguably the most popular dietary trend in our world today, especially for those living with diabetes. It is likely that you've been tempted to follow a ketogenic diet to lose weight, drop your A1c and flatline your blood glucose. Even though it may seem tempting to enter the metabolic state of ketosis it's important to understand the caveats of ketosis, so that you fully understand your risks for developing long-term complications. What exactly is ketosis, and why is ketosis a popular recommendation for those living with diabetes? A ketogenic diet is a very low carbohydrate diet by design containing a maximum of 30 grams of dietary carbohydrate per day. At the base of the ketogenic food pyramid are eggs, dairy, meat, oil, and fish, which make up the bulk of calories eaten. Starchy vegetables contain too much carbohydrate energy and are avoided while non starchy vegetables or green vegetables are included along with nuts, seeds, and a very limited amount of fruit, mainly berries. Now, the ketogenic diet explicitly prohibits the consumption of grain products, even whole grains as well as pasta, refined sugar, milk, corn, legumes, including lentils beans and peas, as well as rice. When you eat a ketogenic diet your muscles and liver switch from oxidizing glucose as their primary fuel to fatty acids as their primary fuel, and in order to withstand a very low carbohydrate intake your liver manufacturers ketone bodies as an emergency backup fuel for your brain when in the state of ketosis. If you're living with diabetes this may sound like a great idea, because your pancreas is provided with an opportunity to reduce insulin production insulin due to low carbohydrate intake. Now, millions of people around the world who eat a ketogenic diet achieve a flatline blood glucose profile and greatly reduce or eliminate their need for oral medication and insulin. If You've experienced this yourself you may be thinking "Great! I solved the problem eating! A ketogenic diet is keeping my blood glucose in control and therefore my diabetes health is going up!" In addition, the state of ketosis induces a number of short-term benefits, including rapid weight loss, reduced fasting glucose, reduced post-meal blood glucose, reduced A1c, reduced total cholesterol, reduced LDL cholesterol, and flatlined blood glucose. The problem is that eating a ketogenic diet significantly increases your risk for chronic disease and premature death in the long term. After researching the advice from the top ketosis gurus we made a list of the seven biggest and most dangerous misconceptions about ketogenic diets in this video. We'll go into detail about the truth underlying ketosis, and refute many common statements backed by misleading science, incorrect biochemistry, and a fundamental lack of understanding of human biology. Ketosis misconception number one: Insulin is your fat storage hormone. Now, you may have heard people in the ketogenic community refer to insulin as your fat storage hormone, and that by adopting a very low carbohydrate diet you prevent your blood glucose from spiking after a meal. Now, hold on a second, open any biology textbook and you'll find that the primary function of insulin is to help glucose exit your blood and enter tissues. But that insulin also helps fatty acids and amino acids out of your blood and into tissues. It is absolutely critical to understand that the primary function of insulin is to help transport glucose out of your blood and into tissues and a secondary effect of insulin is to help transport fatty acids and amino acids out of your blood and into tissues Simply because insulin has the ability to transport fat into tissues does not mean that it's factually correct to label insulin as your fat storage hormone. This is a gross exaggeration of the actual role of insulin and it is meant to scare people into believing that any amount of insulin in circulation will make you fat. Insulin triggers macro nutrient uptake in this order: Priority number one: Insulin transports glucose into the tissues to either be burned for energy or to be stored as glycogen for later use. Priority number two: Insulin transports fatty acids into tissues to be immediately burned for energy or to be stored as triglycerides for later use. Priority number three: Insulin transports amino acids into tissues to be synthesized into new protein to be burned for energy or to be converted into other compounds. Understanding this insulin priority hierarchy is very important, because it reinforces the concept that insulin's primary role is to handle all things related to glucose metabolism BEFORE it begins directing fatty acids and amino acids into tissues. Insulin is the most powerful anabolic hormone in your body, meaning that it promotes more growth and more fuel storage than any other hormone in your body. Ketogenic dieters exaggerate this fact, condemning insulin entirely claiming that even small amounts of insulin will make you fat. Fact: Insulin is the most anabolic hormone in your body, responsible for more fuel storage and cell growth than any other hormone in your body. Insulin promotes more growth than testosterone. Fact: Insulin promotes more growth than estrogen. Fact: Insulin promotes more growth than growth hormone. Fact: Insulin promotes more growth than IGF-1. The truth is that all mammals secrete insulin because insulin is absolutely required for life. Your dog secretes insulin, your pet hamster secretes insulin, your neighbor's cat secretes insulin, monkeys secrete insulin, raccoons secrete insulin, your non-diabetic co-worker secretes insulin. In fact insulin is so important that if your body stops manufacturing it, you'll die. Without insulin your dog would die, your pet hamster would die, your neighbor's cat would die, your non-diabetic co-worker would die. In truth a physiologically normal amount of insulin is absolutely required to stay alive. But secreting or injecting excess insulin is what substantially increases your risk for coronary artery disease, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease as a whole. Ketosis misconception number two: eating carbohydrates spikes your blood glucose. Proponents of the ketogenic diet often argue that eating any food containing carbohydrate energy will spike your blood glucose and that the only way to avoid dangerous glucose spikes is to avoid carbohydrate-rich foods. Technically speaking, when you eat carbohydrate rich food your blood glucose will rise. Furthermore, reducing your carbohydrate intake will keep your blood glucose more stable. For these reasons ketogenic dieters maintain a total carbohydrate intake less than 30 grams per day, representing less than 10% of total calories on average. What those in ketosis don't understand is that the amount of glucose in your blood is not only determined by the amount of carbohydrate that you eat, but instead a reflection of both your dietary carbohydrate and your dietary fat intake. We have written extensively about the detrimental role that excess dietary fat plays in the development of insulin resistance, leading to high blood glucose, increased insulin requirements, high cholesterol, beta cell death, and increased risk for many chronic diseases. It's important to understand that only paying attention to how much carbohydrate you eat will mislead you into thinking that this single macronutrient controls your entire blood glucose profile, when in reality your blood glucose is determined primarily by how much fat you eat and, secondarily, by the amount of carbohydrate that you eat. To understand how your blood glucose responds to different macro nutrient profiles, let's explore how a ketogenic diet a standard American diet and a low-fat plant-based whole food diet affect your blood glucose. When operating in a high fat ecosystem on a ketogenic diet the primary reason why your blood glucose remains flat is because of the near absence of carbohydrate rich foods. In this way eating a high-fat diet is very effective at flat-lining your blood glucose because carbohydrates are kept below 30 grams per day. As long as you avoid carbohydrate-rich foods your blood glucose is likely to stay very stable. But the minute you choose to eat carbohydrate-rich foods such as a banana, a potato, a bowl a quinoa, your blood glucose is likely to increase significantly due to a hidden state of fatty acid-induced insulin resistance. The standard American diet is a perfect example of a diet that is high in both carbohydrate and high in fat which increases your risk for high blood glucose, insulin resistance and diabetes. Because both fat and carbohydrate are president in large quantities controlling your blood glucose becomes increasingly difficult over time. Because a low-fat plant-based whole food diet is low in dietary fat your carbohydrate tolerance or your ability to eat carbohydrate-rich food increases substantially resulting in maximum insulin sensitivity and the opportunity to completely reverse insulin resistance altogether. When operating in a low-fat eco system on a plant-based diet it is quite easy to maintain flatline blood glucose as long as your total fat intake is maintained below approximately 30 grams per day and your carbohydrate intake comes from whole foods like fruits, vegetables, legumes and whole grains, and not from products containing refined sugars. Ketosis misconception number 3: Diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity and insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate intolerance. Those in the ketogenic community often labeling diabetes as a problem of carbohydrate toxicity, suggesting that dietary carbohydrate is the primary cause of the disease process. In addition ketogenic dieters believe that insulin resistance is caused by insulin itself, triggered by an excess consumption of dietary carbohydrate. I cannot tell you how many people tell me: Cyrus, insulin resistance is not caused by fat. It's caused by insulin. This my friend could not be farther from the truth. In order to make these statements factually correct it's necessary to go back to basic biochemistry principles and understand that the vast majority of people who develop insulin resistance do so by eating a diet containing large amounts of dietary fat as we discussed earlier. The research world has known this for more than 85 years. This was first established in the 1930s by the pioneering work of doctors Rabinowitch and Hemsworth, then further proven by Dr. Kempner in the 1950s and by Dr. Anderson in the 1970s. Despite this the cause of insulin resistance and carbohydrate intolerance remains one of the most debated subjects in the world of diabetes even today. Think of insulin resistance as a series of metabolic dominoes. The dominoes are arranged in this order: number one - you eat a diet containing dietary fat greater than about 15 percent of total calories; number two: you go and eat a banana, a potato or a bowl of rice, and check your blood glucose two hours later to find that your blood glucose meter reads a high number like two hundred and forty six. You point your finger and say Hey, bad banana, bad potato! I guess these foods are bad for me because clearly when I eat them they increase my blood glucose. The reason this happened is not because bananas and potatoes and rice are bad foods but because insulin receptors in your muscle and in your liver have become dysfunctional due to too much dietary fat. That's right under normal circumstances the glucose from these carbohydrate-rich foods are accompanied by insulin, and insulin job is to say Knock-knock, I have some glucose. Would you like to take it up? Normally cells in your liver and muscle would say Sure bring it in! but when you've eaten your way into insulin resistance, insulin receptors say You got to be kidding me! Do you see how much energy I already have inside? I gotta burn this stuff first! And then and only then will I allow glucose in. For now you stay in the blood. So when glucose becomes trapped in your blood due to these dysfunctional insulin receptors you have a choice: either you avoid carbohydrates like the plague and continue to remain in ketosis, or you drop your fat intake and gain the ability to eat carbohydrate-rich foods. So if diabetes is not a problem of carbohydrate toxicity but a problem of fat toxicity then the correct statement is this: Insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate intolerance first created by the consumption of excess dietary fat Ketosis misconception number four: Carbohydrate is not an essential nutrient. The ketogenic world is quick to point out that there is no such thing as an essential carbohydrate in contrast to required nutrients like essential fatty acids and essential amino acids. While this statement is technically true, labelling glucose as a non-essential carbohydrate implies that there is no use for glucose in the human body. Once again, we have to return to basic human physiology in order to understand the truth. Your liver, your muscle and other peripheral tissues are capable of oxidising glucose amino acids and fatty acids for energy. Your brain, however, cannot oxidise either amino acids or fatty acids for energy your brain can only run off of glucose for energy and does not possess the biological machinery to store glucose. As a result your brain must oxidise glucose on demand importing glucose from your blood 24 hours a day. Since glucose is your brain's principal on-demand fuel, carbohydrate-rich foods are your brains primary fuel source. When you consume a low carbohydrate diet you force your liver to synthesize an emergency backup fuel known as ketone bodies to prevent against brain starvation, and you enter the state of ketosis in which ketone bodies become your brains primary fuel. Ketogenic diets were originally invented for people with epilepsy and are effective at reducing seizure incidents. However ample evidence shows the ketogenic diets come with a laundry list of unwanted side-effects that simply cannot be overlooked, including, but not limited to, diarrhea, nausea, constipation, vomiting, acid reflux, hair loss, kidney stones, muscle cramps, muscle weakness, hypoglycemia, low platelet count, impaired cognition, inability to concentrate, impaired mood, disordered mineral metabolism, stunted growth in children, increased risk for bone fractures, osteopenia, osteoporosis, increased bruising, acute pancreatitis, hyperlipidemia, high cholesterol, insulin resistance, elevated cortisol, heart arrhythmia, myocardial infarction or heart attacks menstrual irregularities, amenorrhea or loss of periods in women, and an increased risk for all-cause mortality or premature death from any cause Yes, that's right, people who eat low carbohydrate diets die sooner and suffer for more disease in the long term If that's not enough to dissuade you from eating a low carbohydrate diet, I'm not sure what is. Therefore, labelling carbohydrates as non-essential is not only factually inaccurate, it results in a wide variety of chronic health conditions that may ultimately shorten your lifespan decrease your quality of life and accelerate your risk for chronic disease. Ketosis misconception number five: low fasting insulin means high insulin sensitivity. People in the ketogenic community often measure their fasting insulin levels as an indicator of their insulin sensitivity. A fasting insulin test measures the amount of insulin your pancreas must secrete in order to control your blood glucose. The lower the number the less work your pancreas is performing. This is a good thing. Ketogenic dieters often report very low fasting insulin levels and then draw the conclusion that their insulin sensitivity has increased. This could not be farther from the truth. The only way to actually measure your insulin sensitivity is to utilize a glucose challenge in which you either drink a solution containing glucose dissolved in water, or you eat a food containing carbohydrate energy in the clinic. Your doctor may order a glucose tolerance test to measure your insulin sensitivity. The way that you measure insulin sensitivity using an oral glucose tolerance test is straightforward: Step 1: you drink a solution containing 75 to 100 grams of glucose dissolved in water. Step 2: a medical professional samples your blood at 0, 60, 120 and 180 minutes. Step 3: your blood samples are analyzed for glucose and insulin. Step 4: your performance is measured against a standard to determine your insulin sensitivity. The higher your glucose and insulin area under the curve the worse you perform on the test and the higher your level of insulin resistance The lower your glucose and insulin areas under the curves the lower your level of insulin resistance. The reason why this test is so valuable for measuring insulin sensitivity is because it measures the ability of your muscle and liver to uptake glucose from your blood when challenged by a food or drink containing glucose. Simply measuring your fasting insulin or fasting blood glucose independent of a glucose challenge is insufficient information to conclude anything about your level of insulin sensitivity. However, many ketogenic dieters and medical professionals fail to understand this concept entirely. If you never challenged your glucose metabolism with carbohydrate rich foods, or with a glucose solution, it is simply impossible to measure insulin resistance. Despite this, those in ketosis often claim that their insulin sensitivity has increased, even though they avoid eating carbohydrate-rich foods at all costs. Ketosis misconception number 6: low carbohydrate diets are not high-protein diets. Let's go into detail to understand the caveats of this statement. The first question to ask is this: What proportion of total calories constitutes a high-protein diet according to the scientific evidence? Now, according to the evidence, diets containing more than 10 to 15% of total calories of protein increase your risk for cardiovascular and diabetes mortality especially if the majority of your protein originates from animal foods. Now, many studies have shown that protein intakes in excess of 15% of total calories increase your risk for heart disease, for high cholesterol, for atherosclerosis, for diabetes and various forms of cancer. As a result any diet containing in excess of 10 to 15% calories from protein is considered a high protein. It turns out that it is practically impossible for a ketogenic diet to be low in protein Why? It's actually quite simple - because cheese, eggs, meat, butter, poultry, fish, nuts, seeds, vegetable oil, coconuts and avocados make up the bulk of calories in a ketogenic diet. With the exception of vegetable or coconut oil, which is 100% fat every food that I just listed is not only high in fat, but also higher in protein. Ketosis misconception number 7 Evidence-based research shows that low carbohydrate diets are effective. Low carbohydrate diet advocates are masters of documenting the efficacy of their philosophy, using studies with small population sizes, conducted over short time periods, often over either weeks or months While these studies are helpful at assessing the short-term benefits of ketosis, they fail to document the long-term effects of a ketogenic diet. A classic example of this is a paper that was published in 2017, documenting the results of 10 weeks of a ketogenic diet on 262 patients following a diet containing less than 30 grams of carbohydrate per day and an average of a175 grams of protein per day. Now, the researchers document how ten weeks of ketosis resulted in an average A1c decrease of 1%, an average weight loss of 7.2%, and how more than 56% of participants reduce their need for oral medication. These are all great outcomes. The problem is that the study was conducted in a small cohort over a very relatively short period of time. Now, in order to determine the true effectiveness of any diet you have to do two things: number one - study your diet in large numbers of people, which is tens or hundreds of thousands of people; and number two - study the outcomes of people following your diet over long periods of time - greater than approximately five years. Studies conducted in tens or hundreds of thousands of people over five plus years indicate that low carbohydrate diets promote the following disastrous outcomes: number one - increased risk for cardiovascular disease; number two - increased risk for hemorrhagic stroke; number three - increased risk for hypertension; number four - increased risk for atherosclerosis; number five - increased risk for diabetes; mortality number six; increased risk for obesity; number seven - increased risk for cancer; number eight - increased risk for all cause mortality, which is premature death from any cause. No matter how you slice it, low carbohydrate diets trick patients and doctors into believing that ketosis is an excellent long-term dietary strategy, when in reality the long-term consequences are often worse than the initial condition they were designed to reverse. Now the next time you consider adopting a ketogenic diet ask yourself a simple question: Are the long-term consequences worth the short-term benefits? Plant based news (PBN)

  Top Comments:
  1. @PLANTBASEDNEWS [82 likes]: WIN THE OPPORTUNITY TO STUDY PLANT BASED NUTRITION COURSE WORTH OVER $1200 WITH ECORNELL - www.plantbasednews.org/competitions/win-with-pbn
  2. @samuel68587 [2 likes]: I wish YouTube didn’t remove the like:dislike ratio from videos, because no one would watch such utter nonsense. This plant based loony looks like he’s going through chemotherapy while peddling nutritional misinformation that even the most scientifically illiterate person could recognise as false.
  3. @terolool [1 likes]: nice comedy video
  4. @space_psy_cat: I’m glad the comments are calling out this “doctor” who is an anti fat acolyte with no scientific support for his claims.
  5. @PinkPlaidKeto: when I first saw clips from this video, I thought it was quite funny.  I couldn't believe that someone (that doesn't appear mentally handicapped) could say things so stupid.  Now that I have looked up the actual full video, I am horrified to find the letters PhD after his name.  That means that he isn't "stupid" at all.  That means (with near certainty) that this doctor is being paid off.  His"medical" advice and "treatment" approach is literally killing people.  Unfortunately many doctors are paid to support vegetarian propoganda and make more money for the (crazy rich and powerful)  pharmaceutical and sugar industries by keeping us sick and addicted to carbohydrates and sugar.  I feel just awful for the people that have fallen victim to this man.  I hope that my comment warns people and helps prevent further people from falling victim to his abuse.
  6. @vidbybill: this guy is so off.. he should take this video down. . it is not correct through out the entire video. or better yet make a new video admitting where he was wrong.. we know so much more now. please do not take this info as correct .. 
there is a video explaining what I am saying by Dr Eric Westman .. lays it out simply .. not sure if this guy believes what he says or is just making.a video for views, , in an uneducated manne.
  7. @MarkArthur: I came here from Dr westman video and I expect the comments here will be more positive to the presenter. Surprised not. So I won't listen to this guy ever.
  8. @aNaturalist: People that deny the research on fat consumption from the last century are highly likely to also deny science about: evolution and climate change.  The don't like or trust institutional science.  They're foolish.    Believing that science about fat consumption is wrong is more likely to directly hurt them, while denying the other 2 topics might not directly hurt them.
  9. @polibmi6510: This guy lied six years ago and lies still today...
  10. @henrituhola: Makes me wonder, if insulin transports amino acids, does it mean that without insulin you won't gain muscle?
  11. @henrituhola: Keto diet is for killing gullible people before they reach 70.
  12. @luiggidecaro1621: Vegan or plant based is not a cult but a diet system based on ideology. And for me does not work. Low carb does all the difference for me. What works for me is what is important. Not flawed science.
  13. @rogon8591: Lmao
  14. @uowebfoot: 8:24 This is factually incorrect. lol. I can't believe you're saying fat produces more glucose than carbs. lololol
  15. @최다미-o7w: ew  Please get some kind of health check up.
  16. @최다미-o7w: Do any of you want to end up looking like this person. HE LOOKS AS IF HE IS FIGHTING SOME KIND OF AWFUL CONDITION.
  17. @tomellendorf7236: Your brain can/does run on ketones. Why are you spewing inaccurate info that you need carbs for your brain for glucose? C'mon man
  18. @tomellendorf7236: Says insulin is not the fat storage hormone..... proceeds to explain in detail how it stores fat... Lol
  19. @JC-ul4zr: I recently watched a video of Dr. Gundry say there has never been a race of people who ate strictly meat. I wonder if anyone has ever heard of the Indigenious people of the Inuit, also known as Eskimos. I wonder how much plant based food they ate in a climate where very little plant life exists, how many farmers farmed fruit and vegies?  I found this: "The term Eskimo, long applied to the Inuit, may have come from the Mi’kmaq of eastern Canada, who have a word in their language resembling Eskimo that means “the eaters of raw flesh.” They lived to a grand ole age!!
  20. @EricAdamsonMI: Stop mischaracterizing entire groups of people with unsubstantiated generalizations. 

Insulin, evil?!?? Name ANYONE who claims that eliminating insulin entirely is a sane or healthy objective.

You make vegans look like smug, clueless douchebags.

BTW, plant-based diets frequently lead to thinning of the eyebrows and hair loss.

As an aspiring health influencer, your image is not exactly supporting your position.

- THE 7 LIES OF KETO DEBUNKED - Dr. Westman Reacts: Kind: captions Language: en in this video we'll go into detail about the truth underlying ketosis and refute many common statements backed by misleading science incorrect biochemistry and a fundamental lack of understanding of human biology yeah now this is just not true I I want I want the data for that what are the top seven misleading statements that keto diet gurus say and why are they wrong I'm Dr Eric Westman and today's video was sent to me on low carb keto diet debunking seven misleading statements from plant-based news now of course there is some plant-based bias in the name of plants-based news but I think it's important to understand the logic or illogic that often is used to try to persuade you to eat a plant-based diet I mean I believe now that that's their agenda not that they know much about other approaches but a lot of people will consider them a reasonable source of information that they don't know much about like the keto diet so let's see how this video goes let's face it the ketogenic diet is arguably the most popular dietary Trend in our world today especially for those living with diabetes it's likely that you've been tempted to follow a ketogenic diet to lose weight drop your A1C and Flatline your blood glucose even though it may seem tempting to enter the metabolic state of ketosis it's important to understand the caveats of ketosis so that you fully understand your risks for developing long-term complications what exactly is ketosis and why is ketosis a popular recommendation for those living with diabetes a ketogenic diet is a very low carbohydrate diet by Design containing a maximum of 30 grams of dietary carbohydrate per day at the base of the ketogenic food pyramid are eggs dairy meat oil and fish which make up the bulk of calories eaten non-starchy vegetables contain too much carbohydrate energy and are avoided while non-starchy vegetables or green vegetables are included along with nuts seeds and a very limited amount of fruit mainly berries now the ketogenic diet explicitly prohibits the consumption of grain products even whole grains as well as pasta refined sugar milk corn legumes including lentils beans and peas as well as rice when you eat a ketogenic diet your muscles and liver switch from oxidizing glucose as their primary fuel to fatty acids as their primary Fuel and in order to withstand a very low carbohydrate intake your liver manufactures Ketone bodies as an emergency backup fuel for your brain when in the state of ketosis a lot of this information is true the diabetes is reversed blood sugar although I don't like the term flat line that with a clinical doctor background or if you ever watch an ER show Flatline means if it's the heart it means your heart's not beating anymore so they could have used different how about a stable blood sugar would be a more positive way to to say it and then yeah all these great things can happen and that the pyramid or no let's say you call it a triangle so you don't get remembering that old pyramid thing but those things seem fine now I'm starting to get into the the language here I think it's really important that so after two days of not eating everyone goes into nutritional ketosis every human every mammal for that matter you store fat on your body when you're needing energy you draw upon your fat stores so everyone goes into nutritional ketosis if you don't eat for two days now everyone goes into new nutritional ketosis if you don't eat carbs for two or three days because the proteins and fats that you eat don't interfere with the fat burning so that's what nutritional ketosis is and uh it's not a I don't know that it's an emergency backup system I mean you could turn things upside down say we're supposed to be in nutritional ketosis and when we're not we manufacture glucose the liver manufactures glucose as an emergency supply and for some organs like the heart the heart muscle itself runs on fat fatty acids so you want those fatty acids so you know if you flip things upside down the language isn't so clear that it's an emergency supply the the you watch One of These reality shows where people don't eat for two days or 21 days the brain's functioning now they're not happy being out in the middle of nowhere but they're they're are able to find food and water and shelter and so and they're in nutritional ketosis so some people even think they have better mental Clarity when they're in nutritional ketosis they don't have that carb brain fog you know let me know your response in the comments below but is it really an emergency backup Supply that would make um well let's see how he explains it if you're living with diabetes this may sound like a great idea because your pancreas is provided with an opportunity to reduce insulin production due to low carbohydrate intake now millions of people around the world who eat a ketogenic diet achieve a flatline blood glucose profile and greatly reduce or eliminate their need for oral medication and insulin if you've experienced this yourself you may be thinking great I solved the problem eating a ketogenic diet is keeping my blood glucose in control and therefore my diabetes health is going up in addition the state of ketosis induces a number of short-term benefits including rapid weight loss reduced fasting glucose reduced post-meal blood glucose reduced A1C reduce total cholesterol reduced LDL cholesterol and Flatline blood glucose the problem is that eating a ketogenic diet significantly increases your risk for chronic disease and premature death in the long term after researching the advice from the top ketosis gurus we made a list of the seven biggest and most dangerous misconceptions so I I can see uh and this is kind of classic blending in the nutritional epidemiology science even you could Define a low carb or keto diet as keto-like and get it published in the American cardio College of Cardiology press release keto-like you don't have to be very precise about what we're talking about because everyone knows it's bad no so so I see what he's trying to do is argue well you might feel good now but just wait until you go around that corner you wait 20 years and you're going to be you can assess your health from now to that 20 years or however long in fact by people come to me every few months or every six months during the process to make sure everything's fine and those who choose to do a low carb or keto lifestyle for a long period of time I recommend they get every measurement of Health that they can so so it's not like you're near a cliff I hate the term danger because that makes me feel like I'm at the edge of a cliff I'm going to fall off no you can actually measure things along the way things don't happen overnight and um but your short-term benefits and you might be feeling great which is great and then I knew there was going to be a butt just wait you know and and that's really too bad because most people who come to me and they've done every kind of weight loss program they have a lot of weight to lose they're waiting for the shoe to drop to make it not work I have people who come to me they've lost 200 pounds on a low carb keto diet and they still have the mentality that I I think one day this isn't going to work and so that this kind of mental Ploy feeds into that oh I one day it's not going to work no it will work you can trust your experience and Trust the experience of others that we're down the road from you and you can actually measure all of the things that you would typically measure to not just put yourself in a you know like an ostrich in the put the head in the sand and then 20 years go by and suddenly you're in this long-term epidemic Immunology study with mortality and it's apples and oranges here you know comparing things that really don't ketosis misconception about ketogenic insulin is your fat storage hormone now you may have heard people in the ketogenic Community refer to insulin as your fat storage hormone and that by adopting a very low carbohydrate diet you prevent your blood glucose from spiking after a meal now hold on a second open any biology textbook and you'll find that the primary function of insulin is to help glucose exit your blood and enter tissues but that insulin also helps fatty acids and amino acids enter your blood and inner tissues it is absolutely critical to understand that the primary function of insulin is to help transport glucose out of your blood and into tissues and a secondary effect of insulin is to help transport fatty acids and amino acids out of your blood and into tissues simply because insulin has the ability to transport fat into tissues does not mean that it's factually correct to label insulin as your fat storage hormone timeout I've watched this clip a few times when the fatty acids are by insulin taken into the fat cell that's called a fat storage hormone and so the logic again I've watched this a few times is well it's a fat storage hormone but it's also the glucose during hormone so therefore it's not the fat storage hormone no that's not logic that that and the term I found this this fellow uses the term technically and and all that no it is a fat storage hormone even if it is a glucose distorting hormone and he never used the term fat storage when he said fatty acids going into the cells including the fat cells so that you if you didn't it's like me going to the mechanic I don't really understand the language but if if you code it as a certain way so if you never say fat storage you're going to think what he's talking about means insulin doesn't cause fat storage when he just said it in different language and I have to think that this was done to be misleading because it is the fat storage hormone if you take a child who who is type 1 diabetic has no insulin around they are unable to store fat they're emaciated and once you give them insulin they plump up with fat storage because insulin is required for fat storage so this is not boating well if this is the number one false statement because this is true and I remember looking back at this doctor's background it's not a clinical researcher I think he's a epidemiology or PhD researcher that really isn't aware of the clinical observation that when you once you put people on insulin they make them start shooting insulin for type 2 diabetes most people will gain weight I mean it's it's almost a certainty and and that's another reason why clinical doctors understand the risk of being put on insulin is that you'll gain weight and if gaining weight is one of the issues that relates to the diabetes disease once you get put on insulin you're going to always have diabetes if you always continue to gain weight so yes the insulin helps the fatty acids into the fat cells and that's called fat storage this is a gross exaggeration of the actual role of insulin and is meant to scare people into believing that any amount of insulin in circulation will make you fat now in now it's interesting how the twisting of we're not talking about none or all or yes you do need sort of the Goldilocks and I'm out of insulin and and now he's taking the kind of internet extremists as uh as if that was the scientist View and and no I I you need some insulin but you don't want too much insulin and I don't think any scientist would say you would want no insulin although that's the keto influencer perhaps extreme teaching to get you to worry about it when when and then you know he wants you to worry about this right that's why he introduces that language insulin triggers macronutrient uptake in this order priority number one insulin transports glucose into tissues to either be burned for energy or to be stored as glycogen for later use priority number two insulin transports fatty acids into tissues to be immediately burned for energy or to be stored as triglyceride for later use which is fat storage so okay finally at the end of this clip he's admitting that insulin is the fat storage hormone right there although I didn't use that language so if you weren't listening carefully or have the ability to translate fatty acids to fat and going into the cell as storage those are all the same things as pretty interesting priority number three insulin transports amino acids into tissues to be synthesized into new protein to be burned for energy or to be converted into other compounds understanding this insulin priority hierarchy is very important because it reinforces the concept that insulin's primary role is to handle all things related to glucose metabolism before it begins directing fatty acids and amino acids into tissues now insulin is the most powerful anabolic hormone in your body meaning that it promotes more growth and more fuel storage than any other hormone and no but I thought you said it wasn't it is oh boy ketogenic dieters exaggerate this fact condemning insulin entirely claiming that even small amounts of insulin will make you fat fact insulin is the most anabolic hormone in your body responsible for more fueled storage and cell growth than any hormone in your body fact insulin promotes more growth than testosterone so I can't imagine that he's in a clinical setting because if you had cancer you would look at this and say oh my goodness I don't want a lot of insulin around it promotes cell growth and what cancer is is cell growth that's gone amok that's out of control so again we're looking at a influencer information coming out that that isn't really widely applicable and could be harmful if if you're doing well on a keto diet and now you know because here's the logic because insulin's hormonal effect is number two fat storage number one glucose and then anabolic so therefore it's not a fat Sterling hormone and therefore the keto diet people are wrong this is not this is not good logic and I wonder what's going on here oh maybe another agenda Flint promotes more growth than estrogen fact insulin promotes more growth than growth hormone fact insulin promotes more growth than igf-1 the truth is that all mammals secrete insulin because insulin is absolutely required for Life your dog secretes insulin your pet hamster secretes insulin your neighbor's cat secretes so again it's the amount of insulin that you want to control not the absence of it and uh it's interesting I guess if I was coming up with some sort of some argument against something I didn't know much about now I'll introduce the idea that the the hamster you love and your your neighbor's cat well what about my cat have insulin too so therefore don't worry about insulin's anabolic effect or that it promotes fat storage that's that's what we're talking about remember insulin monkeys secrete insulin raccoons secrete insulin your non-diabetic co-worker secretes insulin in fact insulin is so important that if your body stops manufacturing it you die without insulin your dog would die your pet hamster would die your neighbor's cat would die your non-diabetic co-worker would die in truth a physiologically normal amount of insulin is absolutely required to stay alive but secreting or injecting excess insulin is what substantially increases your risk for coronary artery disease etherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease as a whole ketosis I wonder if someone else writes this and he just reads it because that made no sense when you when you look back at it of course insulin is a fat storage hormone and and you want it to have not too much and that one is hard for me to work through how about you but let's go on to the next one misconception number two eating carbohydrates spikes your blood glucose proponents of the ketogenic diet often argue that eating any food containing carbohydrate energy will spike your blood glucose and that the only way to avoid dangerous blood glucose spikes is to avoid carbohydrate-rich Foods technically speaking when you eat carbohydrate-rich food your blood glucose will rise timeout it's as if so whenever he says technically speaking he's going to say something true and then explain why it's not true how can that be true and not true eating carbs raises your blood glucose now I have to say it's not the only way to do it protein will do it a little bit but not anywhere near carbohydrates if you want to lower get a continuous glucose monitor get a finger stick get a glucose watch although this don't exist yet I'm here they're coming soon you'll know that eating carbs will in different carbs have different speed of blood glucose rise I don't like the term Spike I I agree I I don't like that term but it will raise the blood glucose and then if it goes up too high insulin will be sent out because the blood sugar is not supposed to go too high it's not a health healthy thing and so insulin will help the glucose get in the cell and if there's extra glucose around you'll turn that glucose into fat in the liver and in the fat cells and then when the livers fall it sends out all of the fat to the fat cells so that's the the process of carbs glucose insulin toward the path of diabetes and obesity you don't want to go down that path too much not everyone responds in this way some people can mitigate and moderate what they eat some people can't that's why it's more complicated but let's see how he wiggles around this technically carbohydrates raise the blood glucose furthermore reducing your carbohydrate intake will keep your blood glucose more stable for these reasons ketogenic dieters maintain a total carbohydrate intake less than 30 grams per day representing less than 10 percent of total calories on average with those in ketosis don't understand is that the amount of glucose in your blood is not only determined by the amount of carbohydrate that you eat but instead a reflection of both your dietary carbohydrate and your dietary fat intake now we have written extensively about the detrimental role that excess dietary fat plays in the development of insulin resistance leading to high blood glucose no time out I thought we were talking about dietary carb again here's the the logic yes dietary carbs raise the but fat does too well actually fat doesn't so but introducing the idea that something else does it as well means that the first thing can't be true you know because insulin does all these other things it can't be the fat storage hormone when he said it was the fat storage hormone very interesting that yes eating carbs raises the blood glucose and I don't know how you're going to get it out of this one because even if fat did but it doesn't doesn't mean carbs don't see the logic there increased insulin requirements high cholesterol beta cell death and increased risk for many chronic diseases it's important to understand that only paying attention to how much carbohydrate you eat will mislead you into thinking that this single macronutrient controls your entire blood glucose profile when in reality your blood glucose is determined primarily by how much fat you eat and secondarily by the amount of carbohydrate that you eat yeah now this is just not true I I want I want the data for that and remember it's the blood glucose and the insulin they're trying to to keep reduced you can do it in many different ways the the order of things is often putting in there as a as a distractor so okay let's say it is that is the main thing and secondarily by the carbs it still is the carbs right so it's the logic of uh I guess of because that true that statement isn't entirely true in every different condition and then therefore it's not true so even if that is a contributor which it's not you can eat fat and your blood glucose won't go up dry it with your glucometer or your glucose meter but often what happens is studies are done with carbs and fat in the in the same in that same study design and you can often see differences and make claims about things when when you take carbs entirely out of the the food you see different things maybe maybe that's why this well-intentioned doctor isn't understanding what happens when you cut carbs out to understand how your blood glucose responds to different macronutrient profiles let's explore how a ketogenic diet a standard American diet and a low-fat plant-based whole food diet affect your blood glucose when operating in a high fat ecosystem on a ketogenic diet the primary reason why your blood glucose remains flat is because of the near absence of carbohydrate-rich foods right oh gosh without carbs you have a flat no a stable blood sugar again that Flat Line makes me think of the EKG and the emergency room not a good thing right no you want a stable blood glucose in fact the glucose is made stable by a hormone called glucagon and glucagon keeps your blood glucose stable even if you don't eat anything and it doesn't glucagon doesn't get much air time in the discussion of diets because it's difficult to measure you can't just go to your doctor and ask for a glucagon level but that's really what's keeping the blood sugar stable or flatlined in this way eating a high fat diet is very effective at flatlining your blood glucose because carbohydrates are kept below 30 grams per day as long as you avoid carbohydrate-rich Foods your blood glucose is likely to stay very stable but the minute you choose to eat carbohydrate-rich foods such as a banana a potato a bowl of quinoa your blood glucose is likely to increase significantly due to a hidden so why would you want to do that the clinical context let me explain if if you came to me and you reversed your type 2 diabetes you lost 50 to 100 pounds you're feeling great eating you know bacon and eggs for breakfast you figure out what foods you like that don't have carbs you're not going to go back to eating carbs and quinoa someone came to me recently and said my cardiologist asked me to eat more quinoa what's a quinoa and and I had to admit I don't know it's in a box at the store I've never had it so this plays into the notion that everyone has to or or should be able to eat carbs and not have blood sugars go up this is a it's a selection bias of there are some people who cannot eat carbs without their blood sugar going up and it changes a bit after you lose weight the weight causes the insulin resistance and you sure fat in the pancreas and in the muscle that gets better your insulin resistance goes away but the the idea that I heard in another video that well you're really diabetic until you can eat a donut and not have your blood sugar go up no I don't think that's what having controlled diabetes means control diabetes means you eat healthy in a way that you like in your blood sugar and your insulin doesn't go up as the two together and and why you know if you want to eat whatever you want and take medicine for that our medical world today as you do that's one path uh there's another path which is to be very careful about what you eat certainly get rid of all the sugars in the food and the drinks and then maybe you don't even need those medicines and you lose weight and yeah that that's the low carb keto way of going about things but so back to you've actually admitted that if if you don't eat carbs your blood glucose is flatlined I mean stable due to a hidden state of fatty acid-induced insulin resistance now the standard American diet is a perfect example of a diet that is high in both carbohydrate and high in fat which increases your risk for high blood glucose insulin resistance and diabetes because both fat and carbohydrate are present in large quantities controlling your blood glucose becomes increasingly difficult over time now because a low-fat plant-based whole food diet is low in dietary fat your carbohydrate tolerance or your ability to eat carbohydrate-rich food increases substantially resulting in maximum insulin sensitivity and the opportunity to completely reverse insulin resistance altogether when operating in a low-fat ecosystem on a plant-based diet it is quite easy to maintain Flatline blood glucose as long as your total fat intake is maintained below approximately 30 grams per day and your carbohydrate intake comes from Whole Foods like fruits vegetables legumes and whole grains and not from products containing refined sugars so as plant-based bias here I thought this was about carbohydrate not raising the blood glucose or carbohydrate does raise the blood glucose it's just you can eat in many different ways I I don't see how this is debunking what keto diet influencers say because that's science ketosis misconception number three diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity and insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate intolerance those in the ketogenic Community often label diabetes as a problem of carbohydrate toxicity suggesting that dietary carbohydrate is the primary cause of the disease process in addition ketogenic dieters believe that insulin resistance is caused by insulin itself triggered by an excess consumption of dietary carbohydrate I cannot tell you how many people tell me Cyrus insulin resistance is not caused by fat it's caused by insulin this my friend could not be farther from the truth in order to make these statements factually correct it's necessary to go back to basic biochemistry principles and understand that the vast majority of people who develop insulin resistance do so by eating a diet containing large amounts of dietary fat as we discussed earlier so again we're getting into the fat in the food or fat on the body inside an organ and actually you can develop fat inside the organ by eating carbohydrates the carbohydrate can be turned into fat in your Orion or in your liver and then sent out to the organs the nomenclature here is the the language is difficult what is insulin resistance what's carb toxicity what's carbide and and if you jump he's jumbling it all together I think on purpose in the clinical World often we use and and he uses language to persuade you and I think some people in their minds think of sugar as poison at first to be the construct to stay away from it at first of course you know it's not poison you've had it for umpteen years and you haven't died yet so if anything it's a toxin or a buildup over time but um the the idea that insulin resistance is only created by dietary fat is is a problem no that that's not true so that's not true it's the fat in the body however it got there it's like the kitty up the tree I can reverse the fat in the organ by taking the carbs out of the food to me it's not so important how it starts so I have a ladder I take the kitty out of the tree it doesn't matter to me if the kitty no if there was a branch it climbed over I would cut it so the kitty doesn't get in the tree again but the keto low carb diet is like the the latter it's a it's a method it's a tool it reverses insulin resistance is it because insulin too much insulin around causes insulin resistance I think so now it's a difficult construct to to prove although the uh and the the powers that be influencers and the research world all got together on a paper over the in year 18 months ago that basically merges the calories in calories out and the carbohydrate insulin hypothesis of the hormonal hypothesis of obesity together so that there's an at least an acknowledgment that the idea of raising insulin through carbs takes you down a pathway that you don't want to go it's one poor obesity and diabetes but so again I think we're arguing or he's arguing about something that really doesn't matter so much and you can accomplish the reversal of insulin resistance by many methods you know including a plant-based or animal-based kind of diet which one's healthier is going to require or more beneficial we're going to require prospective comparative science to figure that out now the research world has known this for more than 85 years this was first established in the 1930s by the pioneering work of doctors rabinowicz and Hemsworth then further proven by Dr Kempner in the 1950s and by Dr Anderson in the 1970s oh Dr Kempner started the rice diet here in Durham North Carolina Hemsworth and then Jim Anderson and I was actually on The Residency program at the University of Kentucky when Jim was there in the late 80s working with high fiber diets high fiber and the Kepner Diet also known as an ultra low fat sort of diet is no longer available here in Durham it faded out under different forms and actually these studies that he cites do not prove that you can get the kitty down out of the tree with a ladder you don't need the you know whatever Contraption someone else has so just because you can show that high carb diets can reverse insulin resistance and that those people therefore thought it was from the high carb diet doesn't mean there's not another way another cause interesting to see Jim Anderson cited we called him the brand man had a book on oat bran despite this the cause of insulin resistance and carbohydrate intolerance remain it's one of the most debated subjects in the world of diabetes even today now think of insulin resistance as a series of metabolic dominoes the dominoes are arranged in this order number one you eat a diet containing dietary fat greater than about 15 percent of total calories number two you go and eat a banana a potato or a bowl of rice and check your blood glucose two hours later to find that your blood glucose meter reads a high number like 246. you point your finger and say hey bad banana bad potato I guess these foods are bad for me because clearly when I eat them they increase my blood glucose now the reason this happened is not because bananas and potatoes and rice are bad foods but because insulin receptors in your muscle and in your liver have become dysfunctional due to too much dietary fat that's right under normal circumstances the glucose from these carbohydrate-rich foods are accompanied by insulin and insulin's job is to say knock knock I have some glucose would you like to take it Up Normally cells in your liver and muscle would say sure Bring It On in but when you've eaten your way into insulin resistance insulin receptors say you got to be kidding me do you see how much energy I already have inside I gotta burn this stuff first and then and only then will I allow glucose in for now you stay in the blood so when glucose becomes trapped in your blood due to these dysfunctional insulin receptors you have a choice either you avoid carbohydrates like the plague and continue to remain in ketosis or you drop your fat intake and gain the ability to eat carbohydrate-rich Foods so if diabetes is not a problem of carbohydrate toxicity but a problem of fat toxicity then the correct statement is this insulin resistance is a state of carbohydrate intolerance first created by the consumption of excess dietary fat ketosis so there again the the link between fat in the cells or fat and the organs and fat in the food well fat in the food can't be absorbed and stored unless you have insulin in the blood and you need carbs and fat carbs will raise the insulin you can absorb the fat in the food because of the car so there's always that carb fat connection and that might be the way the kitty got up the tree or the insulin resistance was created but there's another way to do it which is to keep the carbs super low get the insulin down and the body starts healing itself let's go on to misconception number four misconception number four carbohydrate is not an essential nutrient now the ketogenic world is quick to point out that there is no such thing as an essential carbohydrate in contrast well yeah that I wrote the paper all right I'm an author on it with Justin taunt uh t-o-n-d-t uh I'm going to see how he gets out of this one because all the world nutrition experts say this it's not just me in contrast to required nutrients like essential fatty acids and essential amino acids while this statement is technically true labeling glucose as a non oh there's that term again technically true how can it be technically true and then not true I don't know let's see technically true on essential carbohydrate implies that there is no use for glucose in the human body oh not at all I've never said that I mean in the in the paper that we wrote on the actually there's some times when it might be conditionally essential but for most humans carbohydrate is not essential you can get all of the vitamins and minerals from all the other Foods even you don't need the carb containing ones what's very interesting is we never say in that paper that therefore you don't have to eat carbs or or there's no need for carbs or carbs aren't tasty I mean and we never we never say that I don't think it implies that there's no use for glucose in the body our bodies actually make glucose and fructose through processes in in the body gluconeogenesis is the term for glucose creation and you can make glucose from all of the protein and fat that you eat so it doesn't imply there's no role for glucose but let's see where where he's going with this one once again we have to return to basic human physiology in order to understand the truth now your liver your muscle and other peripheral tissues are capable of oxidizing glucose amino acids and fatty acids for energy your brain however cannot oxidize either amino acids or fatty acids for energy your brain can only run off of glucose for energy and does not possess the biological Machinery to store glucose as a result your brain must oxidize glucose on demand hold on where the ketones this is not true the brain uses ketones oh remember that keto diet for epilepsy it switches the brain from using mostly glucose to mostly ketones and it blocks seizures and some of the susceptible children so this is factually this is probably the most egregious thing it goes back there it's even even worse there was a world organization summary or leaders of the world expert panel saying you know there's a hundred and the the brain uses 120 grams of glucose a day therefore humans must eat 120 glucose grams a day now carbohydrate grams well wait a minute was no one on this panel a physiologist or a doctor or someone who knew that the human body can make its own glucose but I guess these reality shows didn't exist then so they couldn't watch TV and see that people function just fine without eating carbohydrates because they shifted into nutritional ketosis so I'm sorry I mean if there was a way to kind of flag this is this is inaccurate information or or you know this is only for not for children who are still trying to learn actually the brain runs on ketones and that's how you can actually survive without eating for very long fast and you shift over to a ketone he's right that when you're eating lots of carbohydrates the brain uses glucose and it shifts to ketones and I'm often wondered if it's the other way around maybe we ought to be running our brains on ketones and every now and then have some carbs and maybe shift to to the glucose economy of fuel but this is kind of sad you can Google or Wikipedia or uh and and debunk this one importing glucose from your blood 24 hours a day since glucose is your brain's principle on demand fuel carbohydrate-rich foods are your brain's primary fuel source now when you consume a low carbohydrate diet you force your liver to synthesize an emergency backup fuel known as Ketone bodies to prevent against Brain starvation and you enter the state of ketosis in which Ketone bodies become your brain's primary fuel oh wait oh it does use ketones oh but it didn't before Oh only an emergency no after two days everyone starts using ketones so your brain starts using ketones if you don't eat anything so and then instead of the uh big neon sign ketones going to the brain we got this funny little acetone acetoac state so very interesting so I have to think that if you're trying to reason through what we typically see this all kind of makes sense everyone eats carbs it's weird for people to not eat carbs and and it's not normal so we we think no it's not common so we don't think it's normal and so then actually when you eat carbs the brain does run on glucose so therefore you must eat carbs because when you eat carbs the brain runs no there's a difference it's almost like going to another country where they drive on the other side of the road it works you just have to drive on the other side of the road but you know they make the cars differently they the steering wheels on the the wrong side my goodness a lot of judging too in these videos it's like if it's not our way it's wrong or if it's not the carbohydrate eaters normal process that is that is wrong when actually I'm beginning to think that the nutritional ketosis is more like a a backup plan and maybe even you make economies in how your body is working you have some autophagy you start cleaning up things after thinking about this a long time uh actually the having a lot of glucose and carbs around what might make you sloppy in terms of Energy Efficiency and and Building Things and and uh and have extra energy to do things that maybe you don't want your body to have done inside so anyway back to the the idea that the brain must use glucose now it can use carbs just fine ketogenic diets were originally invented for people with epilepsy and are effective at reducing seizure incidents however ample evidence shows the ketogenic diets come with a laundry list of unwanted side effects that simply cannot be overlooked including but not limited to diarrhea nausea constipation vomiting acid reflux hair loss kidney stones muscle cramps muscle weakness hypoglycemia low platelet count impaired cognition inability to concentrate impaired mood disordered mineral metabolism stunted growth in children increased risk for bone fractures osteopenia osteoporosis increased bruising acute pancreatitis hyperlipidemia high cholesterol insulin resistance elevated cortisol heart arrhythmia myocardial infarction or heart attacks menstrual irregularities amenorrhea or loss of periods in women and an increased risk for all cause mortality or premature death from any cause now I'm not sure what this had to do with the the myth but that's okay it goes off on these tangents the ketogenic diet for epilepsy is not what I teach what I teach is in the the background of the Banting diet the Allen Osler diet the Atkins diet it's not the ketogenic diet for epilepsy and the papers that he's referring to about the keto diet for epilepsy some of these side effects are real but these children are not not healthy they many of them have seizures 50 or 100 a day and some of them are fixed overnight by the keto diet but most not some have improvements but most are not totally cured by it but so what happened is that they started doing studies on the children with the ketogenic diet for epilepsy and then slathering that over generalizing that onto the adults who use the protein-based keto diet that came out of the Obesity and diabetes world when these are very different clinical situations and very different teaching approaches to keep people away from sugar and starch and to get protein as your primary source of energy with the detail of how you teach it has to be correct too but but again this is not the keto diet for epilepsy that I'm teaching and yes the keto diet for epilepsy is it's a big deal and some but some children have great improvements as a result of it if you want to know more about the keto diet for epilepsy the Charlie Foundation Charlie had childhood epilepsy and then Johns Hopkins has a teaching program where they teach doctors all over the world how to use a ketogenic ketogenic diet for epilepsy in fact Eric kosov at Johns Hopkins did a study on using an Atkins type diet which is not as strict as the keto diet for epilepsy and actually had some effect on adults with epilepsy so apples and oranges here and then how he got into all these other premature death again that's the the nutritional epidemiology keto-like kind of diets that you don't have to wait 20 years you can measure your own health every year as you go along with however you live yes that's right people who eat low carbohydrate diets die sooner and suffer for more disease in the long term if that's not enough to dissuade you from eating a low carbohydrate diet I'm not sure what is therefore labeling carbohydrates as non-essential is not only factually inaccurate no time out it is true sorry it results in a wide variety of chronic health conditions that may ultimately shorten your lifespan decrease your quality of life and accelerate your risk for chronic disease ketosis if you were my patient and you you slather or slog through all of this what he's saying at the end is just not true the idea of the long-term issues it might be true we don't have the studies that these cites are are not done with people with the modern day version of how you restrict carbohydrates and eat a low-carb diet you can't know that future but you can actually measure your own body and make sure you're not going back into that direction of an unhealthy Direction misconception number five CIS misconception number five low fasting insulin means High insulin sensitivity people in the ketogenic Community often measure their fasting insulin levels as an indicator of their insulin a fasting insulin test measures the amount of insulin your pancreas must secrete in order to control your blood glucose the lower the number the less work your pancreas is performing this is a good thing ketogenic dieters often report very low fasting insulin levels then draw the conclusion that their insulin sensitivity has increased this could not be farther from the truth well so that's my belief is that for just about everyone if your insulin level is low it means it's working really well and depending on your blood glucose level two you want that to be normal and why I think let's see I think I can predict that it's the old but when you eat carbs and your insulin is going to go way up because you haven't had carbs and that's not the definition of insulin resistance insulin resistance is being able to metabolize carbohydrate easily and and without a huge rise in insulin and without excessive fat production so I I think that will probably be the distraction the only way to actually measure your insulin sensitivity is to utilize a glucose challenge in which you either drink a solution containing glucose dissolved in water or you eat a food containing carbohydrate energy in the clinic your doctor May order a glucose tolerance test to measure your insulin sensitivity the way that you measure insulin sensitivity using an oral glucose tolerance test is straightforward step one you drink a solution containing 75 to 100 grams of glucose dissolved in water so time out why would you ever want to drink a solution containing 75 to 100 grams of glucose dissolved in water so the the test is designed for carb eaters and carb burners the the to measure the insulin resistance in someone who doesn't eat carbs there was a study done some years ago where the the tolerance test was actually matched to the food distribution in that group so for example the the people were randomized to the high fat low carb diet or the high carb low-fat diet and then they did a meal matched test so that the people who are eating the high carb diet got to eat the high carb meal to see the blood glucose and insulin and Rise afterwards but the low carb were given a low carb meal to see what the effect on the glucose and insulin is there was a matched to the diet they were on and as you would expect those who were eating a low carb diet for for weeks it was given a low carb meal their blood glucose didn't go up in fact we call heard it called Flatline so so if you eat a low-carb meal it's going to be fine if you eat it so if you give someone a high carb meal or 75 to 100 grams of glucose after they haven't had glucose their insulin is going to be kind of sluggish to get going to rev up and and that gets misinterpreted as worsened insulin resistance I see this through multiple videos through the the anti-keto type of people no if your blood glucose and Insulin are low you don't have insulin resistance you don't want to challenge yourself with carbs I mean I mean you can and and you can get back into that while you beef up your insulin and you might need an insulin of 50 so that you don't get a blood glucose to rise above you know 120 that's that's called you know normal if you're a carb eater or what you want is the blood glucose and Insulin to stay low and eat foods that are nourishing and tasty and you can do that without a blood glucose and Insulin rise which would be caused called insulin resistance if you ate sugar or you ate carbs that would go up but no the the test is being used inappropriately here you wouldn't use a glucose tolerance test to look at the healthiness of someone who's not eating glucose does that make sense yeah I hope so step two a medical professional samples your blood at 0 60 120 and 180 minutes step three your blood samples are analyzed for glucose and insulin step four your performance is measured against a standard to determine your the higher your glucose and Insulin area under the curve the worse you perform on the test and the higher your level of insulin resistance so if you stop look at this figure in a short period of time if you cut carbs out and then you give yourself a challenge 75 grams of glucose again why would you want to do that the people who have been used to eating carbs that's the purple low-fat plant-based whole food diet don't have such a rise I'll see if they're measuring the insulin the insulin probably went up to keep the glucose down and then the because your insulin isn't you know ready to go Dr Atkins used to counsel people to eat carbs for a week or two before getting a glucose tolerance test so if you want to be tested in the old Paradigm way or if your doctor insists upon it and you're not eating carbs you want to refeed carbs for a couple weeks again why would you want to do that oh to get your insulin ready your pancreas is ready to secrete the insulin to keep the glucose super low so again I think it's the wrong test to be doing when you're not eating carbohydrates the lower your glucose and Insulin areas under the curves the lower your level of insulin resistance the reason why this test is so valuable for measuring insulin sensitivity is because it measures the ability of your muscle and liver to uptake glucose from your blood when challenged by a food or drink containing glucose simply measuring your fasting insulin or fasting blood glucose independent of a glucose challenge is insufficient information to conclude anything about your level of insulin sensitivity however many ketogenic dieters and medical professionals fail to understand this concept entirely if you never challenge your glucose metabolism with carbohydrate-rich Foods or with a glucose solution it is simply impossible to measure insulin resistance despite this those in ketosis often claim that their insulin sensitivity has increased even though they avoid eating carbohydrate-rich Foods at all costs ketosis misconception number six low carbohydrate diets are not high protein diets that just makes no sense to me if you are healthy and you don't mind not eating carbohydrates in your glucose and insulin is normal by any measure you don't have insulin resistance oh again there's that fear of oh I know we need to subject you to the carbohydrate Challenge and you know it's a different Paradigm view you see it's a different it's the wrong test to be doing now ketosis misconception number six this misconception number six low carbohydrate diets are not high protein diets let's go into detail to understand the caveats of this statement the first question to ask is this What proportion of total calories constitutes a high protein diet according to the scientific evidence now according to the evidence diets containing more than 10 to 15 percent of total calories in protein increase your risk for cardiovascular and diabetes mortality especially if the majority of your protein originates from animal foods to stop that according to nutritional epidemiology what's interesting is there's a kind of unspoken fear about certain things have you noticed like uh you know God forbid someone wouldn't have fruit or or even you know or have a banana when my patients came in recently and talked to one of the students there I I said you know after you eat fruit and she's no my my I have a banana my blood glucose goes up in the much to the surprise of the student in the room but people will find that out they they know that so so the idea that oh it's a high protein diet that is kind of gosh that takes me back to the early 2000s when everyone knew high protein is bad well actually when the studies have been looked at prospective studies looking at different types of protein levels the fear about the cardiovascular disease and and the kidney disease really didn't come true I think that protein comes first you you want to have protein and the better way to look at the protein is not by percent of calories but by the number of grams consumed in a day and so in my clinic and in our research studies the amount of grams of protein a day really didn't change much if you do it in a proper way and you eat only when you're hungry but as a percentage of calories of course it's going to go up because you've dropped all the carbohydrate calories that that is going to inflate the protein percentage and and yet the epidemiology studies use percent of protein as their kind of wide ranging ruler to measure things now many Studies have shown that protein intakes in excess of 15 of total calories increases your risk for heart disease for high cholesterol for atherosclerosis for diabetes and various forms of cancer as a result any diet containing in excess of 10 to 15 calories from protein is considered a high protein diet it turns out that it is practically impossible for a ketogenic diet to be low in protein why it's actually quite simple because cheese eggs meat butter poultry fish nuts seeds vegetable oil coconuts and avocados make up the bulk of calories in a ketogenic diet with the exception of vegetable or coconut oil which is 100 percent fat every food that I just listed is not only high in fat but also higher in protein I'm not persuaded it's again apples and oranges of the nutritional epidemiology higher protein percentages and the metabolism totally changes when you're in nutritional ketosis that's one of the reasons why I'm so careful about not over generalizing the studies when there was no even if you're on the edge of nutritional ketosis because you're not burning the carbs creating all that oxidative stress like you were before so ketosis misconception number seven seven evidence-based research shows that low carbohydrate diets are effective low carbohydrate diet Advocates are masters of documenting the efficacy of their philosophy using studies with small population sizes conducted over short time periods often over either weeks or months while these studies or years actually the so this is like my bread and butter having published papers on low-carb diets showing safety and efficacy over the last 20 years now the studies have been done all over the world and surely as out to a year or two in prospective randomized controlled trials I value these more than the nutritional epidemiology let's study you know 50 million no 500 000 people over 20 years or we don't really know what they were eating we asked them what they were eating and then we measure a few things here and there there's so many confounders and where people are living and other healthy user bias and the more you eat meat the more likely you are to smoke in many of these studies so actually it is by the measure that would be required of a drug for FDA approval the low carb diets have met that bar that low carb diets would meet the level of evidence for FDA approval of a drug it's been studied that much and actually the duration of the studies since the time of this video has increased over time and I have to just as a counter balance even though I know it's not fair of me but I want the vegetarian vegan people to publish papers out to a year or two as well and then it will be the pot calling the kettle black so there's a lot of evidence for low carb diets in many different people's hands all over the world and it is effective so I don't know what's going on here that is just the the myth is not a myth while these studies are helpful at assessing the short-term benefits of ketosis they fail to document the long-term effects of a ketogenic diet a classic example of this is a paper that was published in 2017 documenting the results of 10 weeks of a ketogenic diet in 262 patients following a diet containing less than 30 grams of carbohydrate per day and an average of 175 grams of protein per day now the researchers document how 10 weeks of ketosis resulted in an average A1C decrease of one percent and average weight loss of 7.2 percent and how more than 56 percent of participants reduce their need for oral medication these are all great outcomes the problem is that the study was conducted in a small cohort over a relatively short period of time now in order to determine the truth well sorry but I mean you wouldn't have known but they've continued that study it's the virta health study Mackenzie was the first author and then Sarah Hallberg and then uh a couple other bonpuri athenarian it's uh using a keto diet to reverse type 2 diabetes it's one of the best most potent lifestyle studies about diabetes ever done 70 of the people on insulin came off of insulin and and so actually that study has been continued over two years so but we'll give you a pass on the 10 weeks wouldn't have been enough right but there are other diabetes studies as well and kind of like the well low carb isn't any better than low-fat for obesity treatment that actually low carb is better than low-fat diets for the treatment of type 2 diabetes but they're not huge studies but they are prospective clinical trials most of them randomized trials so that I value that more than the nutritional epidemia apology even though they're a higher number you've studied them less frequently and less thoroughly those people they and you you take their word for basically what they were eating which is a big flaw in my mind but so actually low carb diets are safe and effective to determine the true effectiveness of any diet you have to do two things number one study your diet in large numbers of people which is tens or hundreds of thousands of people and number two study the outcomes of people following your diet over long periods of time greater than approximately five years studies conducted in tens or hundreds of thousands of people over five plus years indicate that low carbohydrate diets promote the following disastrous outcomes number one increase so again he's taking the nutritional epidemiology studies which are not carefully well they're as best they can but there's so many reasons for confounding and seeing what you want to see and the associations are so small that that we really don't know if they're real in terms of of in terms of the things that he's talking about so actually there was a government NIH funded study I have to think that it kind of took the wind out of the sails of of the funding of Lifestyle programs because it didn't work this was called the women's health initiative and it used a low fat diet in 48 000 women over eight years just like he was asking and it didn't work so the our government put all of their eggs in one basket the low-fat diet and it really didn't do much of anything in eight years in 48 000 women now in his defense that study on vegetarian low carb or vegetarian vegan has not been done either the government is not not that that was worthy of studying and you need to convince you know panels of people and study sections and to get people to approve such a study and I have to save for both the vegetarian vegan and keto Lifestyles if you do them or how about any lifestyle you choose make sure you measure what we think is how helpful for measurement of Health you can actually get your arteries checked now you don't have to just look at the blood cholesterol levels and you can get different scans I'm afraid we're all in the dark a little bit about the long-term consequences of the program that we're teaching but what we do is we follow people over time in a clinical setting so you want to do this with people that you you are trusting can teach you well we get into groups of people their social media groups that are full of people following a certain level you'll see you know that someone's been doing this 10 years 20 years and and so 20 years ago we've said everyone would have died you know after six months on a high fat diet and it didn't happen and and as we keep going longer and longer the clinical studies that are being done people being studied in very great detail it looks even better and better over time not worse and worse so hopefully one day there will be a large scale clinical trial of what he's asking for low carb and even for a vegetarian or vegan type of diet those don't exist risk for cardiovascular disease number two increase risk for hemorrhagic stroke number three increase risk for hypertension number four increase risk for atherosclerosis number five increase risk for diabetes mortality number six increase risk for obesity number seven increase risk for cancer number eight increase risk for all cause mortality which is premature death from any cause no matter how you slice it low carbohydrate diets trick patience and doctor so that's pretty slick I can I can see if I didn't have 20 years of experience in the low carb world and and hadn't taught thousands of patients and you know had to learn the nutrition on my own write a paper on carbohydrate not being essential he says that's not true well yes it is true and you know something as uh abstract as food I could see how this might be persuasive but remember they're taking studies that really are not studying what we're doing today and oh it's called over generalizing those kinds of concerns onto you and I have to say it's not because necessarily they want you to be healthier it's this they want you to follow their approach which I guess they truly believe is healthier but they're not always reading the other science it's almost like though if you went to a car dealership and they were promoting their car I mean that's fine you know if you're on the Ford dealer lot you're gonna be sold afford but they wouldn't argue that you know the Volvo doesn't work or the Volvo is dangerous or the you know they would say well it's more expensive and ours is cleaner I mean whatever you know persuasion you it just wouldn't make sense to say that that other car is you know doesn't work or is less dangerous or more dangerous but apparently with diet you can get away with that so I'm not persuaded in fact these seven misleading statements are pretty much not misleading if you look at it through the new paradigm sort of lens and and that's the way I want to you know be diplomatic about it I don't think that well-meaning well-intentioned smart people are are well there were a few things in there that were misleading but I I think we're all on the same team in terms of trying to improve human health some of us just acknowledge that there are many ways to do it in other words of us don't I hope that's helpful if you like this like Please Subscribe and ring the notification Bell why not send this to a family friend or neighbor um who might be helped by changing lifestyle and um it's pretty amazing what a low carb keto diet can do in in the right hands [Music] if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell and check out adopterlifeacademy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @smofdog6896 [402 likes]: you are one af the heroes helping people 🙏
  2. @KoriSolistiUnCelojumi: I actually did a two-hour glucose tolerance test (GTT) after about one month of keto (my HbA1c was 4.4%), and the results were wonderful. Where did this carb-loving "doctor" get the idea that keto would ruin my GTT?
  3. @KoriSolistiUnCelojumi: Where did you dig up such a chaotic "scientist"? That sounds super weird. Of course, you can't eat bacon with sugar and expect not to gain fat, but it's not the bacon's fault that the cell swelled up. :D
  4. @Warden1869: Sugar tastes good 🤤
  5. @Shhhaz457: This guy doesn't look well for being on a plant based diet, I wouldn't take advice on health from anyone who looks so unhealthy
  6. @Inperpetuity17: There are a lot of dishonest people who choose to be slaves of their appetites.
  7. @autumnwoe6356: Dude is sponsored by Post. 😂
  8. @kdcraft89: He looks so unhealthy.  Love Dr. Westman's comments.
  9. @eagleeye4681: He missed the fact that insulin promotes conversion of glucose to fat and prevents fat burning.
  10. @Duraigo: First, I have been eating dairy. Is that somehow not in Keto and I am doing it wrong. Second, does he think that protein and fat rich food causes no insulin response even when it is low in carbohydrate?
  11. @QuintonOnezine: The only thing he said that made sense was the mention of “the combination of fat and carbs being very bad “, which is true However, Blaming  “fat” as the main issue is where he goes wrong .
  12. @chrisminifie219: I know that he does not understand ketosis when he said that ketones are an emergency backup fuel. I understand that most body tissues prefer ketones over glucose and therefore run more efficiently on them. For example, heart failure can be reversed when running on ketones rather than glucose. The body will preferentially use glucose because it needs to keep it low as it is toxic when it goes up. It will use alcohol in preference to glucose for the same reason. That does not mean that we need carbohydrates
  13. @mcorter1966: All you have to do is look at pet mortality going up because of the more vegan foods.
  14. @Crusader1414: I have lost 35 lbs since the beginning of the year doing KETO style diet. My BP was high, 140 to 200 over 90 to 105. My BP is down to 120s over 60 to 70s. My cholesterol is down under 200. I do eat some beans, soups, and some keto friendy bread, but limited. Amounts are important.
  15. @nightcedargarden: That bald doctor looks...pasty? He doesn't look healthy, maybe it's the lightning. I'm not sure, but he looks like he is missing out on some nice med rare ribeye steaks.
  16. @SusanMarie-eq8ho: One of my diabetic friends gave me this guys book, Mastering Diabetes. I was shocked at the propaganda. Pure nonsense. She told me she was following his recommendations and then told me her A1c was over 8! She then informed me she ate 2 bananas for breakfast. This is so insane. She didn't listen to me to stop this diet. She is convinced this is the way to go. I know she is not facing the reality that she has to give up the carbs. Total brain fog! I cannot be friends with her because of her inability to live in the reality in which I exist.
  17. @colink2000au: Hi Sr Westman, can you look up Dr Nash Jaric, bodybuilder and low carb advocate. He never mentions Keto, but his knowledge of nutrition is fabulous, I think you’d like him a lot.
  18. @bigbirdwpg: This bald guy is a moron, PHD piled  high and deep.
  19. @drewjones3601: Hard to even listen to him.
  20. @NielsPoulsen: His eyes say it all…

- Ketogenic Diet Myths: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] there's a myth that saturated fat is good for you most of the folks in the Paleo and keto communities think that the more saturated fat that you eat the better in fact this was first posited as the cause of heart disease back in the 1950s by a very famous nutrition researcher from the University of Minnesota by the name of Ansel keys he published a very famous study called the seven countries study that purported that animal fat the more saturated fat the people ate the higher their risk of heart disease now he presented his findings to the World Health Organization and the World Health Organization believed what he said and so the low-fat movement came about now I've looked at Ancel Keys all of his studies I looked at him over and over again and interestingly enough Ancel Keys is tied for the longest living nutritionist in on record and Ancel keys I've had the pleasure of interviewing his housekeeper ate huge amounts of olive oil now olive oil is not a saturated fat but what happened with Ancel keys was people took his data and he thought they thought he was demonizing fat he wasn't at all he was demonizing animal saturated fat so what I've looked at Ancel keys data and my own data in that animal fats are associated with animal protein and it was actually the animal protein that was the big mischief-maker in the animal fat the saturated fat hypothesis now having said that the more olive oil that I can get into you the better your longevity and the better your brain health and I've got a lot of tricks in the longevity paradox to tell you how to use olive oil or the polyphenols in olive oil to maximize your brain health and your lifespan the idea that you should be cramming down the bacon or the sausages or the really marbled meat you know paleo or a ketogenic diet it's quite frankly detrimental long-term it turns out that animal protein and it doesn't matter if the animals of fish it doesn't matter if the animals an egg if it doesn't matter if it's cheese animal proteins absolutely cause you to age quicker and absolutely in the case of beef lamb and pork increase your risk of developing cancers one of the interesting things about the Blue Zones and I'm actually the only nutritionist who has actually spent most of their career living in a blue zone and that's Loma Linda California and I can tell you that the unifying principles of the blue zones in other words what their diets all share is not the common things that you're told about all the blue zones do not eat whole grains all the blue zones do not eat beans that's a myth in fact that is not a unifying feature of the blue zones and as I talked about in the longevity paradox the whole grains that some of the blue zones eat and the beans that some of the blue zones eat are actually a negative part of their diet that's overcome by other very positive parts of their diet including generous use of olive oil in three of the blue zones but the unifying feature of the blue zones which was common to Malinda it's common to Sardinia is common to Crete it's common at charoli it's common to Kidd Evans is very very little animal protein that's actually the uniting factor and as I talked about in the longevity paradox one of my colleagues Gary Frazier from Loma Linda has shown that the vegan Adventists are actually the longest-lived of all of the long-lived Advan Adventists and again the unifying feature of all the Blue Zones is not the grains of beans it's actually limited animal protein does that mean you have to give it up no in fact I'm going to give you a bunch of tricks in the book on how to have your cake and eat it too in this case how to have your meat and eat it too are you able to to recommend the ketogenic diet plant-based and you know avoiding because yeah usually that's it's a good yeah yeah I think that I think that's the major mistake that people associate with a ketogenic diet or a Paleo diet these are these are all variations of basically the Adkins diet and people think that a high-protein diet avoiding carbohydrates and keeping the fat that's associated with animal protein is a ketogenic diet and I measure ketones in all of my patients and the vast majority of patients that I see who say they're on a ketogenic diet in fact aren't because they're eating primarily a heavy protein diet and this was actually one of the mistakes that the doctor Adkins made and I know because my original book dr. Kennedy's diet evolution was done by Random House who had done all the Atkins diets and all the South Beach diet books and dr. Anne khun's didn't know that we we have no real storage system for protein we need it for wear and repair but that's about it so we don't waste energy so we convert protein into sugar gluconeogenesis and he actually died a fat man and so many people in the ketogenic community don't know that protein will turn into sugar so to get back to your question I I basic to basically tell my patients that I want them to become a gorilla who lives in Italy now if you have to think about that for a second gorillas only eat leaves and twigs and why I want them to live in Italy because I want them to consume a leader of olive oil per week and that's a huge amount of olive oil it's about 12 to 14 tablespoons a day but there's a very interesting Spanish study of sixty five-year-old people who were followed for four years and I'll briefly summarize it one group had to have a leader of olive oil per week for four years and have a Mediterranean diet a second group ate a low-fat Mediterranean diet then the original study was to look at memory and I'll forget about that but the women in the olive oil group had a 67% less incidence of breast cancer over that time period than the women in the low-fat Mediterranean diet so I think so if you eat a liter of olive oil per week and avoid animal proteins you're basically on about an 80% fat diet and the carbohydrates that you're eating are basically leaves as a mechanism to get olive oil into your mouth so that's what I do with my patients now I'm not successful entirely a lot of people will not give up animal protein but the more I can diminish animal protein the more successful I am with this program and among other things what I want to do is get the gut bacteria participating in educating the immune system most of the low carb diets whether they're a paleo diet and Adkins diet a keto diet work because they're eliminating most of the lectin containing foods which are primarily in the vegetables and the grains and the beans that were eliminating in those diets so there wasn't anything miraculous about the high protein or the high fat diet it was actually what was miraculous was the left and elimination that they didn't talk about because they actually didn't know that that's why they worked in fact when my first book dr. gundar's died evolution and was bought by Random House 11 years ago now they had done all the Adkins diets and all the South Beach diet and I had figured out what was wrong with those diets and one of the things that was common in both those diets is you eliminated grains and beans from days one after phase 1 you reintroduced grains and beans and invariably people gained weight so the answer was well go back to phase one where you eliminate grains and beans and it didn't click you know any of the editors Minds that the reason you had to go back to phase one was not to be low carb again but to get rid of the leptin containing foods that were the grains and beans so that was one of the observations that I made that made that such a successful book you know a lot of people that are doing the ketogenic diet actually think all fats the same like they don't really decipher really good fast from bad fats a lot of time and so really the reason why I wrote this book was to really dive deep and try to understand is there a difference between let's say the fat in an avocado or the fat in wild seafood and let's say the fats and bacon or butter and it turns out there is a big difference and so you know really that's what the book is all about trying to pick the healthiest foods that provide the fast to actually make you a better fat-burning machine so you mean there is a difference I shouldn't eat a stick of butter every day if I'm on a ketogenic diet that that's that's not good for me correct I mean I am honestly in a Thunder of that like a few years ago I was probably putting too much heavy cream in my coffee and I started gaining weight and so that's when I realized I need to really research the different types of fats to see how they metabolized in your own body so just take for example omega-3 fats they actually increase your fat burning genes in the liver so if you and I are sitting here and we're consuming three or four grams of Omega threes from let's say fish oil or we're getting it from wild seafood we are literally our beta-oxidation or fat burning in the liver is 20% higher and if we're exercising our beta-oxidation in our liver or our fat burning goes up by 30% simply by consuming more Omega threes and so it's almost like if you swap out and replace butter with oh oh mega threes it's almost like swapping out a v4 engine for a v8 engine you are literally more efficient and better at burning fat and so that's just one key that really super fuel dive into

  Top Comments:
  1. @JYAN2852 [5 likes]: While I agree with some of your points, the ketogenic diet is suppose to be low protein.  Anyone who consumes high protein is not by definition doing a proper LCHF keto diet.  Let's not convey misinformation about the ketogenic diet here.  It's also known with studies done, such as done by Dr Ron Rosedale, the Warburg Effect, and many others that excess protein does indeed activate the mTOR pathway telling cells to proliferate and grow, including cancer cells.  As for olive oil, which in my opinion is very healthy, is still mostly an Omega6 monounsaturated fat.  If consumed in excess, it must still be balanced with Omega3 fat.  Saturated fats are very caloric dense, so yes people can gain weight if one eats too much of it.  But the fact of the matter is that if they allow for the body's satiaty mechanism and hormones, such as leptin and peptid YY, do their job then it's almost impossible to over eat saturated fats.  That is unless they are adding it to everything, snacking on it throughout the day, and stuffing their faces even when they are beyond full.  This is where calories do matter and will cause weight gain.  One of Ancel Keys' prior research studies actually proved that saturated fats do not cause heart disease but never made it public as it would invalidate his 7 countries study.  He also cherry picked only 7 countries' data that fit his agenda as there were actually 22 countries in total.  It was nothing more than a "hypothesis" with no scientific data behind it.  As for Dr Atkins he actually wanted to promote saturated fat as the dominate macro in his diet plan.  But when discussed with the medical community it was shot down and frowned upon due to fat phobia.  So instead he changed it from high fat to high protein as it would be more acceptable.  The label ketogenic diet is just a label given to it in recent years.  When looking back in human history the very definition of a ketogenic diet is actually what the human species had lived on and  thrived for over 3 million years.  Any diet, plant paradox included, that removes processed foods and highly inflammatory Omega6 polyunsaturated oils is still better than the standard american diet
  2. @jdemeulenaer123 [2 likes]: Wouldn't just drinking water and some simple breathing exercises eliminate sacrosanct lectins..?
  3. @mathildaflower2388 [2 likes]: So why do people that eat loads of good quality animal protien live so long and healthy lives????
  4. @coach_empigo [2 likes]: As for the effectiveness of building muscle mass, it is definitely a carbohydrate diet + protein
 no.  1.!

 However!

 With health, it's a little different.  A carbohydrate and high-protein diet is not entirely healthy positive in the long run ... (if we take an adult).

 Ketosis has a huge application in life, if you take it as a tool, but not for building muscle and sports performance.  Ketosis is a tool for regeneration to prepare, to cleanse the body.
 Ketosis is a tool that is excellent before the period of building muscle mass where you will be on a predominantly carbohydrate diet with plenty of quality protein.  Ketosis is literally a biohack tool.

  How is it in nature?

 Animals in the wild are found in ketosis during periods of food shortage.  It is, for example, the winter season ...
 They are in idle mode.  Their body regenerates, prepares in spring and summer when they are not in ketosis, because there is enough food, but mainly mating takes place.  For example, bears mate from May to August.  It is a period when they must gain enough fat to survive the winter again.  The bear gives birth in January, February and needs fat stores for her little ones to be able to breastfeed.  Do you know what makes fat the best?
  From fructose.  Blueberries, raspberries and strawberries are also food for bears in the summer season.

 "Sugar is a great servant, but a very bad lord."

 If you know how to control it properly, it will bring you benefits such as strength, muscles, endurance .....  If not, he will bring you to the grave 100% and kill you.
  5. @robertstane5823 [2 likes]: Good Info... I agree with almost everything... But on Myth 4, you mentioned that the fat burning results of Keto were principally due to limiting lectins.   But the whole idea of Keto is to limit the carbs and eat mostly oils, which will then gear the body to burn body fat for fuel, thus weight loss.   But I am totally on board with a Keto Gundry anti-lectin diet.
  6. @ramborubino1585 [1 likes]: 🙏
  7. @yourketodiet2683 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing this, Doctor.. really helpful insight..
  8. @disr21 [1 likes]: What can we eat then? you said to eat meat, then you say don't eat animal protein. You said to eat vegetables, then you say not to eat vegetables because of the lectins. You said not to eat beans, then you said only eat beans if it is from Eden brand.. ..Make out your mind sir...
  9. @rave1704 [1 likes]: Olive oil is rich in saturated fat (about 30%)
  10. @williampayne9526 [1 likes]: I lost 100 lbs (310 to 209 lbs) and arthritis near gone and nearly off all meds by doing keto , in short gundry your full of cr***
  11. @mesmar1986: In your logevity book you say people in the blue zones are eating alot of small fish and hardly any cattle meat and now you saying they eat very little animal protien which includes fish... Its getting abit confusing... plus I dont remember in the book that you have mentioned that animal protein exists in fish as well as eggs so I was eating fish and avoiding catte meat ony to realize I was still eating animal protein...
  12. @jimmycees4042: wow. so many experts in the comment section with so little knowledge and unwillingness to learn.  What a shame. NO wonder America is so unhealthy.
  13. @helenwheels3341: No one thinks the more fat you eat the better. There were more than 7 countries in that study. They cherry picked the countries to make it match their preconceived notions
  14. @justcoolforyou: What about grass feed protein
  15. @abubakarbinkhalidkhalid5504: Don't blame animal protein, the problem is your animals is injection with homon, gmo etc etc.
  16. @Vision33r: I think this podcast illustrates people who are on Atkins diet.  Ketogenic diet only calls for moderate protein and less carbs because both we knock you out of ketosis.  Dr. Berg has preached limit your protein intake to no more than 6 oz of protein daily.  And very little carbs from a raw or wholesome source such as quinoa.  The rest of the time you have to consume your 7-10 cups of veg from dark green veg.  I find Keto diet to be more closer to vegan.  I eat more raw veg than most vegans do.  They are eating beans and peas.  While I'm eating kale, avocadoes, olives, and cabbage.
  17. @korbandallas8931: I dont think anywhere in Cali is a blue zone anymore, humans destroyed the air its spreads everywhere.
  18. @stephd479: I know that you recommend perilla seed oil, does that mean perilla seed powder is good to eat? It's in some Korean recipes I like. Korean food seems very amenable to plant paradox, so I wish it could be discussed more.
  19. @spek2554: Saturated fat has been linked to increased rates of dementia. Dr. G, please comment on this.
  20. @Cybercat403: Keto diet is NOT based on the Atkins diet. Robert C. Atkins developed the Atkins diet in the 1960s. The Keto diet was developed in 1923 by Dr. Russell Wilder at the Mayo Clinic for the treatment of epilepsy. Keto was around for a few years before.

- Keto Diet: Anti Aging & Longevity Benefits: Kind: captions Language: en Keto diet and longevity. So most people realize that keto is great for burning fat and losing weight but then they hear on the other side a lot of opponents claiming that the body needs carbohydrate and if you cut it out too extremely you won't live as long and it's unhealthy and side-effects and so forth so let's take a really close look at the mechanisms and what's really going on here. So there's a lot of studies out but one review study I found which was interesting was ketone bodies mimic the lifespan extending properties of caloric restriction so back in 1935 they found out that rats lived longer if you fed them less so they reduced their diet they reduced their caloric intake basically starved them by feeding them 30 to 50 percent less than a normal rat would eat and they found when they did that continuously then the average lifespan of the rat went from 500 days to 820 days so about a 60% increase in longevity and ever since then there has been this association between calorie restriction and longevity and they've been able to duplicate this in a number of different species so it's not just like rats they've done it with tiny tiny things like yeast or nematodes or fruit flies but they also done it with mice and primates so what is it about calorie restriction that makes you live longer that's what they try to figure out and they had different theories maybe it's that the cells turn over slower there's less wear and tear maybe it's that the body fat is reduced when you starve the rats maybe the fat is so bad that it it's to sit on your body that it it does bad things and makes you live shorter maybe it's the inflammation because we all know inflammation is is bad and starving reduces overall inflammation may be body temperature because once you restrict once you starve it the body thinks I don't have as much to burn so I better conserve it and turn down the furnace I can last a little longer or insulin they've noticed that a lot of these things seem to do with insulin so let's look at insulin just a little bit closer and realize that insulin is what they call a mitogenic hormone what that means is it increases mitosis and mitosis is cell division or cell replication so anytime a cell makes a copy of itself then it divides one time and they found that you only have so many copies available it's called a hayflick limit and it's tied in to longevity and telomeres and so forth which is a genetic marker of how long you can live based on these cell divisions and we found that insulin increases the turnover rate it increases the rate at which cells make copies so that can be good in terms of of growth or repair but it can be really really bad because it also increases cancer because it makes the cancer cells turnover and replicate faster too and it's been associated with atherosclerosis because it makes the first of all it increases inflammation and a lot of the plaquing is in response to that but it's also been shown to increase the formation of the a thoroughness of the atherosclerosis which leads to heart disease and of course it's been linked to aging because insulin if it tends makes the cells turnover faster then it increases the rate of aging so when we look back because they could never quite figure out which one of these is it but once we look at this we realize that insulin has to do with virtually every single one of them because insulin increases the turnover insulin is a fat storing hormone insulin is inflammatory increases inflammation body temperature I don't know if that would be directly linked specifically to insulin and of course the insulin is linked to insulin so most of the reasons for the mechanism is tied to insulin so what happens when we storm the rats well there's two things that always go together first is that we reduce insulin because insulin is there to process carbohydrates and when you eat less you're gonna eat less carbohydrates there's less need for insulin you're also going to increase ketones so these always go together insulin and less insulin and more ketones they always go together and it is always healthy it's always favorable except in one case and that is in type 1 diabetes when the insulin goes to zero and then the ketones go sky-high which is a pathologic disease condition as long as you have the ability to make some insulin then it is healthy to increase the ketones and there's different ways to increase the ketones so we know it happens in starvation or in fasting which is prolonged periods of not eating whether it's voluntary or involuntary fasting is generally considered voluntary and starvation's considered involuntary exercise will increase ketones and low carb diets with increased ketones so the question then becomes which one is it that produces the beneficial results is it less insulin or is it more ketones and we don't have a clear answer on this but we don't really have to worry about it because one always follows the other so if we get one we always get the other they both seem to have tremendous benefits to themselves if we reduce insulin we reduced 95% of all degenerative disease when we increase ketones we tend to get certain observable benefits as well we can treat various different conditions with it we know obesity and diabetes improve with ketosis but they've also found a lot of other neurological conditions that have pretty much been resistant or they didn't get any results at all until they tried ketones and things like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and ALS really severe neurological diseases tend to get better with more ketones one more thing that ketones do is they're metabolized differently inside the cell inside your cell you have mitochondria which produce most of the energy for you the vast majority of all energy used is in the mitochondria and they have different pathways and it turns out the ketones go through a more efficient pathway they can bypass a step or two and therefore they can produce more ATP or more of your energy currency per unit of oxygen so it's more efficient and it produces less damage less oxidative damage by burning ketones and burning other sources of fuel and one thing we have to realize which this is my opinion based on a bigger perspective and a way of observing things naturally is you don't improve all these different conditions you can't improve such a wide variety of condition by making someone less healthy so the biggest detractor for the opponents the biggest argument is that sure it helps for for obesity and diabetes but we don't know the long-term effects we it's it's bad for this or you have to have carbs or fat is is bad and they're pulling these statements but they can't really put the picture together but the one picture I want to keep in mind is if it brings together if you'd improve such a wide variety of conditions then it's not a bad thing So ever since 1935 when they first figured this out the calorie restriction has been a huge topic it's been something that people say oh yeah if only I could do that if only I could restrict my calories for the rest of my life then I would live a whole lot longer but the problem is when you starve yourself then unless you want to be a rat and they put you in a cage and just feed you half of what you want to eat you're not going to be able to keep it up because hunger doesn't feel good the vast majority of people are not going to be able to keep it up so we know that calorie restriction improves insulin and ketosis reduces insulin increases ketones but you get hungry so wouldn't it be nice if there was a way that you could reduce insulin and increase ketones without going hungry and I know I've heard about something I think there's there's something I've I heard that could do that but no wait wait here it's coming to me oh yeah the ketogenic diet that's what it is because when people do that they reduce insulin they increase ketones but they don't go hungry and this is not so easy to understand for people who haven't tried it but once you try then you notice that your body wants fewer meals because fat is very satisfying then you can go longer between meals so in the end you end up eating a little bit less maybe not less calories probably a little bit but maybe not but the main thing you get is reduced insulin and increased ketones so you get these anti-aging benefits you get all these health benefits because it is primarily about the insulin and possibly some about the key but it's certainly not about the calories the reducing of the calories only results in changed insulin and ketones it's not the calories per se so please share this video with anyone that you care about because we want to get as many people as possible healthy we want to help people understand the true principles the true mechanisms around health not just memorize a laundry list of things to do because that's short-lived but once we understand the mechanisms the big picture then we can start creating a long term healthy lifestyle so leave your comments and questions below and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @drekberg [13 likes]: 🔷 Watch This Next: Keto Long Term? Is The Keto Diet Dangerous? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y56dOMtSYAY&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR5EEi0BfBp2P7I5FyQKjaSd
  2. @Slim__Glowing [4 likes]: This video is incredibly encouraging! Seeing so many people share their positive experiences with keto, especially long-term, makes the science even more compelling. Thanks for breaking down the benefits in such an accessible way!
  3. @yaicherabah2652 [4 likes]: I am 61 . I have not been sick for many many years . Not even a cold or flew : no more than 2 meals daily ; no breakfast : fasting 16 hrs daily ; I eat a lot of fat abt 40 :50% of my diet :I have a body a40 year old can only dream of . One prob I got : wife watching me more !!!
  4. @JesusBelieverDiane [2 likes]: I’ve noticed I have less white hair and my skin looks amazing 🤩
  5. @davewilson1591 [1 likes]: You answer all these questions I have had for soo long.  I have spent a lot of time in thought about many of the processes that you so elegantly explain. I'm amazed over and over by your videos. They continue to delve into areas that, for a lay person, there just aren't any answers that are readily available. I thank you again and will continue to view your videos.
  6. @StephenAKatz: Why don't you just admit that you have no studies to present which show that a ketogenic diet increases life expectancy?
  7. @LindaLight-es4qr: " How Old Are You ?? " I'm Looking for that !!
  8. @CharlesONeill-i9u: I have been living the keto/carnivore lifestyle for many years. With alot of success. But, not total success.  I watched this video today for the second time. One thing I heard was that EXERCISE had many of the same effects as fasting or keto lifestyle.  Recently, I increased exersize alot for someone who was 70 and very active. I am feeling alot of benefits.  Sleep is much better. I pray this is the missing link. Thanks.
  9. @merlinwizard1000: 177th, 19 October 2024
  10. @merlinwizard1000: 176th, 16 October 2024
  11. @s.zander6211: Hope, your Channel will grow and grow and grow and …..
  12. @josen-ol: Fantastic❤
  13. @SarahLongos: Best doctor i know
  14. @krakraichbinda: It is just simply lower entropy production.
  15. @krakraichbinda: A restrictive ketosis would be harmful via acidification. But together with basic vegetables it turns to be powerful tool for longevity.
  16. @gulashamkhalli8173: Thank you!Great!❤️
  17. @mainstreet-mastery: I really appreciate how Dr. Ekberg approaches making the transition onto ketogenic diet. I've failed a few times and I realize it was only because I dove into the deep end on it rather than learning how to swim first. Since I've been watching his videos, I've been able to drastically lower my carbs and feel for the first time that I will eventually get there all the way with lasting change. Thanks for imparting such great wisdom and coaching!!
  18. @evis.h2226: My Hero ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ n yet very funny 😂😂😂
  19. @ravijha4767: Why most of diabetic people having insomnia. How to improve good sleep. Also want to fasting sugar.
  20. @kanchankothari4301: Ur great Dr

- Does a Keto Diet Help You Live Longer... Or Die Sooner? (The Science Explained): Kind: captions Language: en Does a keto diet help you live longer or die sooner? There's something almost magical about keto when you first try it. Within days, sometimes within a week, the scale starts moving downward. Your clothes fit differently. Your blood sugar readings flatten out if you're tracking them. And that gnawing afternoon hunger just seems to disappear. For many people, especially those who've struggled with weight gain or blood sugar control for years, keto feels like the answer they've been searching for. And in many ways, the short-term improvements are real. Your triglycerides drop. Your glucose becomes more stable. You start to lose visceral fat around your organs. These are all markers that we associate with better health, with living longer. But here's where it gets complicated. In some people, not all, but a meaningful number, keto does something else. It sends LDL cholesterol, the type most closely linked with arterial plaque formation, climbing upwards, sometimes dramatically. And this creates a genuine tension because now you're in a situation where some of your numbers look brilliant while another number, one that matters enormously for long-term cardiovascular risk, is moving in exactly the wrong direction. This is the keto paradox. You can feel great, look leaner, and have better glucose control, all while potentially accelerating the silent process that leads to heart attacks and strokes decades down the line. Hi, I'm Dr. Alex. I'm an emergency medicine doctor and after nearly 10 years in the A&E, I've seen what happens when preventable disease isn't prevented. So, my goal now is to help people avoid it in the first place and live longer, healthier lives. So, what I want to do in this video is cut through the noise around keto and longevity. By the end, you'll know exactly who keto is likely to help, who it might harm, and if you do choose to use it, how to do it in a way that doesn't trade short-term wins for long-term risk. Because the truth is, keto isn't inherently good or bad for longevity. It depends entirely on what it does to your individual biology and whether you're measuring the right things. So before we go any further, we need to be clear about what we're actually talking about because a lot of the confusion around keto and health comes from people using different definitions. When I say ketogenic diet, I'm referring to a very low carbohydrate approach. Typically around 20 to 50 gram of carbs per day, restrictive enough to push your body into a metabolic state called ketosis, where you're producing measurable ketone bodies as an alternative fuel source. That's the technical definition of ketone. Low carb, on the other hand, is a much broader category. You can cut carbs significantly, maybe down to 100 or 150 grams a day, and get some metabolic benefits without ever entering ketosis. This distinction matters because many studies labeled as low carb aren't actually testing ketogenic diets. They're testing moderate carb restriction, which can produce different outcomes, particularly when it comes to cholesterol responses. Now, the other thing to establish up front is this. Longevity isn't about the label of your diet. It's not about whether you can say, "I'm keto," or, "I'm plant-based." What actually determines whether you live longer and avoid chronic disease, is what happens to your risk factors over the course of decades. That's what we're interested in. Not the philosophy, not the community, just the biology. So, what actually predicts living longer? Well, if we're going to evaluate whether keto helps or harms longevity, we need to know what we're measuring it against. Think of this as your longevity scoreboard. The key markers that when optimized give you the best chance of not just living longer, but staying healthy and functional as you age. The first one is body composition, particularly visceral fat. That's the fat stored deep in your abdomen around your organs, and it's metabolically active in ways that increase inflammation and insulin resistance. Losing visceral fat is one of the most reliable ways to reduce disease risk. Now, the second one is blood pressure. Chronically elevated blood pressure damages blood vessels and drives cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke risk. The third one is glycemic control and insulin resistance. How well you handle blood sugar, how sensitive your cells are to insulin. These all determine your risk of type 2 diabetes and all the complications that come with it. Fourth, and this is crucial, is apo or LDL particle burden. Now, Apo is a protein marker that tells you how many aogenic particles you have circulating in your blood. These are the particles that can get stuck in artery walls and form plaques over time. LDL cholesterol is often used as a proxy when apo isn't measured. But apo is more accurate. This number more than almost any other predicts your long-term risk of atherosclerosis, the process that leads to heart attacks and strokes. The fifth one is fitness, specifically your V2 max and muscular strength. These are independent predictors of longevity. Now, people with higher cardiorespiratory fitness live longer. Full stop. And finally, the sixth one is your overall diet quality and adherence. Are you getting enough fiber? Are you meeting your micronutrient needs? How much ultrarocessed food are you eating? And can you actually sustain this way of eating for years or decades? Because a perfect diet you can only follow for 3 months isn't a longevity strategy if you're aiming to live until 90 or 100. Now, these six categories form the foundation of how we evaluate any dietary approach. Keto, like any diet, needs to be judged on what it does to this scoreboard over time, not just on how it makes you feel in the first few weeks. Now, just a quick one before we carry on with the video. I see messages and comments all the time from people who've watched my videos and didn't realize they weren't actually subscribed to the channel. So, could you do me a quick favor and just check that you actually are? It takes just a couple of seconds and it really helps these videos reach more people like you. And if you are subscribed, then thank you so much. I really, really do appreciate it. So, without further ado, let's carry on with the rest of the video. So, let's just continue with what keto does well because there are real measurable short-term benefits that show up consistently in the research. One of the most striking is weight loss and appetite control. For many people, cutting carbs dramatically reduces hunger, particularly the kind of persistent noring hunger that makes dieting feel unbearable. Now, there's likely a combination of mechanisms at play here. Ketones themselves have appetite suppressing effects. Protein intake often goes up which makes you feel fuller for longer and blood sugar swings are minimized. Whatever the exact reason, the practical result is that people often find it easier to maintain a calorie deficit without feeling constantly deprived and the weight just comes off, especially early on. Triglycerides, which are a type of fat circulating in your blood, tend to drop on ketone often substantially. High triglycerides are a marker of metabolic dysfunction and cardiovascular risk. So seeing them fall is definitely a good sign. Glycemic markers often improve as well, particularly in people with insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes. When you remove most dietary carbohydrates, your blood sugar naturally becomes more stable. And HBA1C or A1C, the measure of average blood glucose over the last 3 months, often improves. For someone whose glucose control has been poor for years, this can genuinely be a lifesaving shift. As well as that, blood pressure often comes down as well, though this is usually tied to weight loss rather than ketosis itself. Losing visceral fat and reducing insulin levels both contribute to better blood pressure control. Now, these changes taken together are why keto feels like magic for some people. Within weeks, multiple risk factors move in the right direction. You feel better, you look better, your doctor is pleased with your blood work. The question is whether these improvements translate into living longer. And that's where things get a bit complicated. So, if you want to understand whether keto is truly compatible with longevity, this is the section that matters most. Because while keto can improve blood glucose, triglycerides and body composition, it can also in some individuals dramatically increase LDL cholesterol and apo. And this is not a minor detail. This is the single most important long-term risk factor for the disease that kills more people than any other. Atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is the gradual buildup of plaque inside your arteries. It's a very slow silent process that can go on for decades without any symptoms and then suddenly you have a heart attack or a stroke. Maybe you die. Now the driving force behind plaque formation is the retention of apo containing lipoproteins in the artery wall. Apo is the best cholesterol-related marker we have for predicting this risk. Every LDL particle, every VLDLDL particle contains one Apo B molecule. So when you measure APOB, you're counting the number of aogenic particles in your blood. The higher that number, the higher your risk of plaque accumulation over time. LDL cholesterol is a reasonable proxy when Apo B isn't available, though this is less precise. What the evidence shows is that ketogenic diets on average can raise LDL cholesterol. And in some people, particularly those who eat a lot of saturated fat from sources like butter or cream or fatty cuts of meat, LDL can spike dramatically. These are often called hyper respponders. Their LDL might jump from 3 millles per liter to five or even six within a few months of starting ketone. Not everyone responds this way. Some people's LDL barely moves or might even drop slightly, but you don't know which category you fall into unless you measure it. Meta analyses and cardiovascular risk reviews consistently flag this as a genuine concern. Short-term metabolic improvements are real, but long-term cardiovascular risk outcome data for ketogenic diets are limited, and the LDL response is a red flag that can't be ignored. If keto improves your glucose and triglycerides but sends your appleo beef through the roof, you haven't found a longevity diet. You found a trade-off. You're potentially improving one risk factor while worsening another that matters just as much, if not more, over the long term. The key point here is this. You can't guess how your body will respond to keto. You have to measure it. And if your Apo B or LDL climbs significantly, you need to make some changes either in how you do keto or whether you continue with it at all. So what about the mortality data? Well, this is where people want a simple answer. And unfortunately, the honest answer is that we don't have one yet. There are observational studies that try to assess mortality risk in people eating lower carb diets, but these studies are quite messy. They rely on food frequency questionnaires which are notoriously unreliable. They often can't distinguish between true ketogenic diets and moderate carb restriction. And there's enormous confounding. People who choose very low carb diets might differ in dozens of other ways from people who don't. Ways that also affect longevity. Some analyses suggest potential associations in either direction, but none of it is definitive enough to make a strong claim that keto makes you live longer. What we do have is much better evidence for how keto affects risk factors. The markers we know predict long-term outcomes. We know that if you keep Apo low, maintain good blood pressure, avoid insulin resistance, and stay lean, your chances of living a long healthy life go up dramatically. We also know that if your Apo B climbs into the high-risisk category and stays there for years, your risk of cardiovascular events increases, regardless of what your diet is called. The absence of long-term randomized control trials on keto and mortality isn't proof that it's safe or unsafe. It's just proof that we're still working with incomplete information. And in that context, the most rational approach is to focus on the biomarkers we know matter and monitor them carefully. So, who is keto for then? Well, keto isn't equally appropriate for everyone, and understanding who's most likely to benefit versus who should be cautious is essential if you're considering it. On the benefit side, the people who tend to do the best with keto are those with significant insulin resistance. Type 2 diabetes, high triglycerides, or a fatty liver. If your glucose control is poor and your body is struggling to handle carbs efficiently, removing most carbs from your diet can produce rapid and meaningful improvements. Your HBA1C drops, your liver fat decreases, your triglycerides fall. For those individuals, keto can be a genuinely powerful intervention, especially if done under medical supervision. People who struggle with portion control and do well with clear dietary rules also tend to succeed on ketone. The simplicity of don't eat carbs can be easier to follow than eat carbs in moderation, which is vague and requires constant decision-making. If keto helps you eat less without feeling deprived and your biomarkers improve, then that's a win. On the other side, there are groups who should be much more cautious or avoid keto altogether without specialist guidance. Anyone with known cardiovascular disease or very high baseline LDL or APOB needs to be extremely careful because keto could make things worse. People with a history of eating disorders should generally avoid highly restrictive diets as well as they can trigger disordered patterns. Pregnant or breastfeeding women, children, and teenagers have specific nutritional needs that make very low carb diets inappropriate without expert oversight. People on diabetes medication, particularly insulin or sulfanuras, face a real risk of hypoglycemia if they suddenly drop their carb intake without adjusting the medication. This needs to be done with medical supervision. The broader point here is that keto is a tool and like any tool, it works better for some people and some situations than others. It's not a universal solution and pretending it is does more harm than good. So, if you've decided that keto makes sense for you or you want to try it, then there's a way to do it that maximizes the potential benefits while minimizing the longevity risks, this is what I'd call longevity compatible keto. And it requires being intentional about what you measure and what you eat. The first thing is measure the right things before you start. And again at 8 to 12 weeks, you need to check your Apo B or at a minimum your LDL cholesterol, your non-HDL cholesterol, your triglyceride to HDL ratio, HBA1C, and your blood pressure. If your LDL or Apo B climb sharply, you need to pivot. Either change the composition of your diet, more on that in a moment, or abandon keto altogether. This really isn't optional. You cannot optimize what you don't measure. and assuming your cholesterol is fine because you feel good is a mistake. The second thing is make it Mediterranean keto. This means prioritizing your fat sources carefully. Build your diet around olive oil. I mean proper extravirgin olive oil, oily fish like salmon and mackerel, nuts and seeds. Don't make butter, bacon, and fatty cuts of red meat the backbone of your fat intake. Saturated fat, particularly in large amounts, is what tends to drive LDL up in susceptible individuals. You can still be in ketosis while eating mostly unsaturated fats, and your cardiovascular risk profile will be far better. Keep protein reasonable, not excessively high. And make sure you're getting fiber from non-starchy vegetables, from seeds, and from nuts. This version of keto looks very different from the bacon and butter stereotype and it aligns much better with what we know about heart health. The third thing is don't confuse ketosis with health. Being in ketosis just means you're producing ketones as a fuel source. It doesn't guarantee nutrient density. It doesn't guarantee gut health, good sleep, adequate physical activity, or longevity. Ketones are a metabolic state, not a magic bullet. you still need to eat well-rounded nutrient-rich foods. You need to exercise, manage stress, and then at the end of the day, sleep properly as well. Keto doesn't give you a free pass on any of that. Now, the fourth one is to consider cycling. For many people, keto works best as a phase, not a lifetime commitment. You might use it for 3 to six months to lose visceral fat, improve insulin sensitivity, and reset your metabolic health, and then transition into a less restrictive, more sustainable long-term eating pattern that keeps your biomarkers in an ideal range. There's no rule that says you have to stay keto forever. And for most people, the best diet for longevity is one they can actually maintain for years without feeling miserable. Okay, so here's how to think about keto and longevity clearly. If keto improves your weight, your glucose control, and your triglycerides, and your apo or LDL stays favorable, it can be a reasonable tool, especially if you're starting from a place of significant metabolic dysfunction. On the other hand, if keto spikes your B or LDL, or if you find it impossible to stick to, then it's not a longevity strategy. It's just a short-term intervention and one that might be creating more risk than benefit. At the end of the day, longevity is quite boring. It's not about finding the perfect diet or the most optimized eating pattern. It's about finding a way of eating that you can sustain for 10 years that keeps your biomarkers in a healthy range that you actually enjoy and that lets you live your life. Keto isn't a religion. It's simply a lever. And the only question that matters is this. What does it do to your risk profile? If you're going to pull that lever, measure the results, adjust as needed, and don't let ideology override biology. Because at the end of the day, living longer isn't about what you call your diet. It's about what your body does with it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tannislaidlaw6096 [1 likes]: I'm lucky. Diabetes diagnosed 15 years ago. Intolerant of Metformin so decided to try keto which, most of the time, I love, and here I am, an octogenarian with high HDL, low triglycerides, okay LDL, weight steady for the entire time after the initial weight loss, but I do get my 6-7,000 steps on average each day and sleep pretty well. I eat only 2 meals a day. I have a dressing of OVOO every day with my salad starter, but also butter and Greek yoghurt. I include fermented foods daily (kefir and pickled vegetables) and a breakfast of seeds, coconut, kemp hearts and both kefir and cream, with some stevia-based sweetener. My HbA1c, last reading, was 41, in our system, a reading so close to normal as to be in the mildly pre-diabetic range. As I said, I'm lucky, but I feel as if I do make my own luck.
😁
  2. @joshhall3755: I can't measure my LDL because my triglycerides are too high?
  3. @truthbetold6496: Do healthy keto, limit saturated fats, replace with good fats, and eat your fiber
  4. @judysbakeryandtestkitchen1654: I’ve been doing low-carb, not keto, for about seven years. About 70 net carbs a day. I didn’t pay attention to fat. 

My LDL has gone down and my HDL is about 100. My cardiologist looks at total LDL/HDL. When I asked him why, he said they don’t know for sure which is good and which is bad.

BUT I have gained quite a tummy, which I am guessing it’s visceral fat. So I’m starting to do strength training more and as much walking as my foot will allow.

I’m also looking at how to get rid of insulin resistance, because I’m guessing that’s a factor. I am prioritizing protein for about 30 g a meal. And then trying to limit my saturated fat
  5. @jamesbartholomew1289: @DrAlexWibberley  have you watched a documentary called "The Cholesterol Code" which specifically investigates the high LDL response in keto and whether or not that leads to plaque. Would be very interesting to hear your opinion on it.
  6. @runtothetrees: I know the data on the S.tandard A.merican D.iet, so yeah I'll take my chances with Keto/Carnivore & hardcore fasting.
  7. @runtothetrees: I'm doing #3 47-1, followed by #1 71-1. My window is 9-10am.
My GKI is sub 1 routinely.
  8. @dradenmalinowski9457: Personally im using keto to hopefully transition  to a healthier sustainable diet. I was getting pretty addicted to different sodas and chocolate and getting fast food almost every day after work. Doing keto diet eliminates most of those habits with basically one simple rule. Hopefully after a month or two I am in habit of eating healthier and can than go back to eating carbs but healthy foods. I need to avoid fast food.
  9. @zacharyferreira2469: Doctor Anthony: your “technical” definition of a keto diet is not correct. You defined it as a restriction of total carbs and you said nothing of net carbs. The only carbs that need to be restricted are those carbs that get taken up in the blood as glucose because the prime directive of the diet is to induce ketosis. Resistant starch and dietary fibre are carbohydrates and get included in total carbs but any proper “technical” keto diet should net those out (ignore those) before restricting carbs. Your definition glosses over this point completely.
  10. @theborgster8497: What annoys me is if I say I'm on a Keto diet, naysayers automatically assume I'm on the the bacon and butter you refer to (as evidenced by so many of the comments in your videos). 
I choose to exclude carb heavy foods and most certainly avoid all and any processed and highly refined foods.
I don't exclude nuts, leafy vegetables, fish, olive oils. I walk 5k to 10k steps every day and do resistance training 3 times a week. My average sleep duration is 7,5 hours and I eat 2 meals a day in an 8 hour window.
Waiting for someone to tell me that's an unhealthy approach
  11. @mdevorah6833: When i was a lab tech we learned that ketosis was the break down of muscles and not good.
  12. @mdevorah6833: A friend was on keto
 She was loosing hair, then she started several autoimmune diseases. Coincidence? No coincidences in this world
  13. @LechOrlowski: Mt chorestol is the same as 10 years ago; I don't care anymore and enjoy my life being slim and fit. Is just above "the norm" . GP are panicking, and I don't trust them anyway.
  14. @lahcenechel1855: I was so hot about keto till I discovered the ldl truth which I can't deny .
  15. @ngegass_bermanfaat: Is it AI real?
  16. @JMSsssssss: The "LDL causes atherosclerosis" argument is debatable and currebtly being studied.  Insulin resistance is a bigger factor.  Inflammation is a bigger factor.
  17. @jonny.random: Greetings from the Highlands of Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Great article, with genuine engaging presentation took a lot from it.
Found listening through the background chime music irritating, just some feedback.
Looking forward to watching more of your stuff 👍
  18. @Michelgia523: Something Doctors don't often consider is Keto is far better than doing nothing. If healthy high fiber carbs are in my diet I am hungry all day start overeating and fail. Keto is how I can be 90% healthier and should be celebrated :)
  19. @mikepenz: Another lession of great science
  20. @LowHangingFruitForest: Keto research is hard because most people that are keto are still eating a lot of junk. We need a controlled long term study where people are eating for a healthy gut biome and nutrient rich and that likely won’t ever happen.

- Inside the World’s First Age Reversal Trial | Lifespan with Dr. David Sinclair - S2, Ep. 4: Kind: captions Language: en I mean, curing blindness is no small thing.&nbsp; Your eyes aren't just a separate sensory&nbsp;&nbsp; organ. They are part of your brain.&nbsp; But people ask the question, well,&nbsp;&nbsp; gosh, if you're reversing aging in cells, won't&nbsp; they just turn into [music] cancers? We believe&nbsp;&nbsp; and have shown that there must be a backup copy&nbsp; of the software of youth in [music] every cell&nbsp;&nbsp; that we've looked at. And why not talk about&nbsp; it? Let the world know what's happening. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; reversal of aging isn't just for the eye. Seems&nbsp; to work across the entire body of animals, too. Welcome to Lifespan, a show where&nbsp; we discuss the cuttingedge science&nbsp;&nbsp; of aging and how to live healthier at&nbsp; any stage of life. I'm David Sinclair,&nbsp;&nbsp; a scientist and professor working on&nbsp; [music] understanding why we age and&nbsp;&nbsp; discovering new ways to slow and&nbsp; even reverse the aging process. On this show, I share an [music] insidider&nbsp; look at the latest from my lab, the field,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what's just around the corner. Hey everyone, welcome back. Before we dive&nbsp; into today's episode on eyes and vision,&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to share some important background. If&nbsp; you saw episode 1 or have been following the news,&nbsp;&nbsp; you probably know that the world of vision science&nbsp; is moving really fast right now and there's been&nbsp;&nbsp; some exciting developments recently. First,&nbsp; you're going to hear a familiar voice today. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; excited to welcome back my co-host from season 1,&nbsp; Matthew Lelant. Matt is a professor of journalism&nbsp;&nbsp; at Utah State University and recently earned&nbsp; a PhD in climate science as well. He's also,&nbsp;&nbsp; as you probably know, my co-author on our book&nbsp; Lifespan. It's great to have him back. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; today's conversation focuses on the eye.&nbsp; Matt and I break down the science of vision,&nbsp;&nbsp; how the retina and optic nose function, and how&nbsp; problems like glaucoma, cataracts, and age related&nbsp;&nbsp; macular degeneration develop. Importantly, we&nbsp; also look at the daily choices, lifestyle habits,&nbsp;&nbsp; and preventative strategies you can use right&nbsp; now to protect your sight in the long run. This&nbsp;&nbsp; episode is actually for everyone. Many of us will&nbsp; experience vision problems sooner or later. I can&nbsp;&nbsp; speak as a a 57y old. For some people, it starts&nbsp; in childhood with nearsightedness. For others,&nbsp;&nbsp; and most of us, it begins around the age&nbsp; of 40 when reading starts to get harder,&nbsp;&nbsp; screens get blurrier, or night driving becomes&nbsp; more difficult. Wherever you are on that path,&nbsp;&nbsp; this episode is for you. When Matt and I first sat&nbsp; down to map out the foundational biology of vision&nbsp;&nbsp; for this particular episode, we knew the field&nbsp; was on the verge of something really historic.&nbsp;&nbsp; And those exact theories have now crossed the&nbsp; line into reality. I recently co-authored a&nbsp;&nbsp; review on oculomics and AI looking at how&nbsp; artificial intelligence can now scan the micro&nbsp;&nbsp; architecture of the back of the eye. We aren't&nbsp; just talking about checking your prescription&nbsp;&nbsp; here. By using advanced AI to read subtle, hidden&nbsp; patterns in your retina, we're getting closer to&nbsp;&nbsp; a future where a simple non-invasive eye scan&nbsp; cannot just tell you about your vision, but&nbsp;&nbsp; also can estimate your true biological age, track&nbsp; your brain health, and even predict your risk for&nbsp;&nbsp; future diseases. It's wild stuff, and I've put the&nbsp; paper in the show notes if you want to check it&nbsp;&nbsp; out. The second massive development, of course,&nbsp; is on epigenetic reprogramming. If you remember&nbsp;&nbsp; episode one of this season, I talked about&nbsp; life biosciences and the cellular rejuvenation&nbsp;&nbsp; technology that originally spun out of my lab. If&nbsp; aging is in part a loss of biological information,&nbsp;&nbsp; then restoring that information could help&nbsp; cells remember how to function like they're&nbsp;&nbsp; young again. This is the idea behind ER 100,&nbsp; the first cellular rejuvenation therapy using&nbsp;&nbsp; epigenetic reprogramming to receive FDA&nbsp; clearance to enter human clinical trials.&nbsp;&nbsp; ER 100 or epigenetic reprogramming 100 uses&nbsp; controlled expression of OSK three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; Yamanaka genes to try and help damaged retinal&nbsp; nerve cells to recover more youthful function.&nbsp;&nbsp; The life biosciences trial is testing the&nbsp; safety and tolerability of ER100 in people&nbsp;&nbsp; with blindness caused either by glaucoma which&nbsp; is due to eye pressure and by Nion N a n which&nbsp;&nbsp; is basically a stroke in the back of the eye.&nbsp; Earlier this year the first participant actually&nbsp;&nbsp; received their first dose of ER100 and it was&nbsp; a special moment that I witnessed firsthand.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was really emotional after 30 years of research&nbsp; to finally see it entering human trials. And I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; happy to report that the trial is going well and&nbsp; I'll continue to report how the trial is going. So&nbsp;&nbsp; remember to hit that subscribe button and also&nbsp; join us as a member at lifespan.com to receive&nbsp;&nbsp; updates to see a concept that we pioneered in mice&nbsp; and monkeys finally being put into human beings&nbsp;&nbsp; made me extremely proud of the work my teams and&nbsp; my colleagues have done over the past 25 years.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to give a special shout out to Wanglu Orion&nbsp; and to Shiaochan both who pioneered the work in&nbsp;&nbsp; my lab and also I want to mention Dr. Sharon&nbsp; Rosen Gibson who's running the ER 100 trial&nbsp;&nbsp; at Life Biosciences. If you want the breakdown&nbsp; on OSK and how reprogramming works, definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; go back and listen to episode one of this season.&nbsp; Today's episode is about what matters right now in&nbsp;&nbsp; your day-to-day life. understanding how your&nbsp; eyes age, how to catch problems before they&nbsp;&nbsp; cause permanent damage, and how to have the best&nbsp; chance of slowing age related decline in vision&nbsp;&nbsp; for decades. And with that, let's go. Welcome to&nbsp; the Lifespan podcast. I'm Matthew Lelant. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is my good friend Dr. David Sinclair. Hey, David.&nbsp; Hey, Matt. David is a geneticist and a professor&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Paul F. Glenn Center for Biology of Aging&nbsp; Research at Harvard University. How are things&nbsp;&nbsp; going over there? They're good. How are you, Matt?&nbsp; My lovely co-host. Yeah. How are things going in&nbsp;&nbsp; the lab? They're great. I have this amazing job&nbsp; where I get to go in and kids, as I call them,&nbsp;&nbsp; my students usually have something really exciting&nbsp; to present every time I go in. It's real joy. Do&nbsp;&nbsp; you have this thing? This has happened to me&nbsp; recently where when I started as a professor,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would never have called my students kids because&nbsp; I was closer in age to them. And now, as I've&nbsp;&nbsp; gotten older, now they could actually be my kids.&nbsp; and I do it all the time and then I apologize and&nbsp;&nbsp; they're like, "It's okay. It's okay." But well,&nbsp; I think they don't mind because I'm now ancient&nbsp;&nbsp; and that they really are kids. They could be&nbsp; my kids literally. But when I started my lab,&nbsp;&nbsp; the first person I hired was older than me. So&nbsp; that would have sounded weird if I called him a&nbsp;&nbsp; kid. Yeah. We're talking today about one of the&nbsp; first signs of aging for many people and one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the most disconcerting and that would be uh aging.&nbsp; The eye. Yeah. So the eye is one of those parts of&nbsp;&nbsp; the body that definitely will get a disease. It&nbsp; will be dysfunctional at least. We all experience&nbsp;&nbsp; that. It starts even in our 30s. By the time we're&nbsp; in our 50s, about half of us have issues. And this&nbsp;&nbsp; is so prevalent that and you were telling me&nbsp; this the other day that when you ask people&nbsp;&nbsp; what symptom of aging they would want to reverse&nbsp; first the overwhelming answer is they want they&nbsp;&nbsp; want their vision back cuz I mean people want to&nbsp; see their grandkids. You know without your vision&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not just lonely but it actually accelerates&nbsp; other diseases as well. Fortunately, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; you and I have our vision, but imagine let's&nbsp; close our eyes for just a week and see how that&nbsp;&nbsp; would be. I think we'd be praying to see again,&nbsp; too. I couldn't do it for an hour. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm here for this. I'm here for this conversation.&nbsp; I've had good eyesight most of my life. I do wear&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaters now, especially if I'm going to be&nbsp; staring at a computer screen for a long time&nbsp;&nbsp; in a dark room like we do when we're recording&nbsp; this podcast. But I think I've been maybe like a&nbsp;&nbsp; 2015 or maybe even a 2010 eyesight person for most&nbsp; of my life. And then this past year, holy moly,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. It's like I fell off a cliff. Everything is&nbsp; harder to focus on. Well, that's aging. Aging is&nbsp;&nbsp; like falling off a cliff. It all happens at once.&nbsp; And you're getting old now, right? You're I am in&nbsp;&nbsp; my 40s. Yeah, that's when it happens. Happened&nbsp; to me, too. Though I've been living a lifestyle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I know you've now adopted a much healthier&nbsp; lifestyle. Congrats on that. You're looking great.&nbsp;&nbsp; these lifestyle changes which we're going to talk&nbsp; about this episode delay and even can reverse the&nbsp;&nbsp; effects of aging in the eye. So, in order to have&nbsp; this conversation, we should do a little anatomy,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Think of the eye as one thing, but there's&nbsp; a bunch of parts to it. We're probably going to&nbsp;&nbsp; use some of these terms. So, can we just&nbsp; like go through these really quick? Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think a lot of people will remember some&nbsp; of these things. So, the outside part is&nbsp;&nbsp; called a cornea. These are epithelial cells that&nbsp; protect the eye. Basically, if you touch your eye,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're damaging your cornea. My brother's had&nbsp; two new ones actually in his life. He's got dead&nbsp;&nbsp; people's cornneas replaced on his eyes cuz he had&nbsp; a genetic disease. That's probably for a different&nbsp;&nbsp; topic. The iris, you'll remember, is the colored&nbsp; part of the eye. The pupil is actually just the&nbsp;&nbsp; absence of tissue that lets the light in. The lens&nbsp; is that transparent, flexible, literally a lens&nbsp;&nbsp; that becomes opaque as we get older. We'll talk&nbsp; about aging of all those components. One of the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important and actually the most complex part&nbsp; of the eye by far is the retina which is the place&nbsp;&nbsp; at the back of the eye. This curved receptor&nbsp; region with the rods and the cones. Actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot of molecular biology which we'll get&nbsp; into later that's interesting about what allows us&nbsp;&nbsp; to see in different colors and why some species&nbsp; are much better than us at seeing and what goes&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong as we get older to the retina. But it's&nbsp; super interesting cuz in my lab we now study&nbsp;&nbsp; the retina cuz it's a really interesting place to&nbsp; reverse aging and get vision back. But it's got&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple layers and it starts with nerves and then&nbsp; there's blood vessels and then there's the rods,&nbsp;&nbsp; the cones and some what are called RP retinal&nbsp; pigment epithelial cells behind that that support&nbsp;&nbsp; those rods and cones. Can we do the difference&nbsp; between rods and cones? Oh yeah. So the rods don't&nbsp;&nbsp; help with color vision. They're the ones that&nbsp; are very sensitive to low light. Basically black&nbsp;&nbsp; and white ones. Redopsin is the chemical in there&nbsp; that detects those very small amounts of photons.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then the cones are the ones that have the red,&nbsp; green, or blue detection. And they have different&nbsp;&nbsp; proteins in there that detect those different&nbsp; wavelengths. There's nine proteins called opsson.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they detect different wavelengths. And some&nbsp; species have a lot more actually. We only detect&nbsp;&nbsp; three colors. And there are some species that&nbsp; detect a lot more. Like the mantis shrimp. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; my favorite one. I have a mantis shrimp actually.&nbsp; And you were telling me this. You had one and&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes a little noise, right? It cavitates the&nbsp; water and makes a massive sound. uses it to stun&nbsp;&nbsp; its prey. But it its eyes, what's interesting is I&nbsp; think they got 16 different color detection in the&nbsp;&nbsp; ultraviolet and infrared spectrum. So, we're&nbsp; fairly blind compared to a mantis shrimp. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; weird to think about that there's all of these&nbsp; other things that are out there that we could see,&nbsp;&nbsp; but for the fact that we have these really&nbsp; limited eyes compared to so many other creatures&nbsp;&nbsp; out there. Yeah. Even insects, which we often&nbsp; look down on, they see often in four colors,&nbsp;&nbsp; they see ultraviolet as well. I think many of us&nbsp; have seen those pictures of what an insect sees&nbsp;&nbsp; and the the flowers are so much more beautiful&nbsp; when you have a an insect's vision. But on the&nbsp;&nbsp; other hand, we do better than dogs, right? Yeah.&nbsp; I mean, poor dogs, they've evolved to be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see their prey. They can see things at distances.&nbsp; They detect movement very very well. Much better&nbsp;&nbsp; than us. But they really only can see in the blue&nbsp; and the yellow. And so they're kind of red, green,&nbsp;&nbsp; colorlind. On the other hand, they have all&nbsp; of these other senses that we really haven't&nbsp;&nbsp; developed as well. Like their sense of smell&nbsp; is profoundly better than ours. Thousands of&nbsp;&nbsp; times more. Yeah. So they don't they're not&nbsp; lacking. [laughter] They're okay. The dog The&nbsp;&nbsp; dogs are always happy. You look at them, they're&nbsp; always happy. That is true. You also don't miss&nbsp;&nbsp; what you don't have. And so I'm I'm sure they&nbsp; don't miss seeing the color red. Okay. We don't&nbsp;&nbsp; miss what we don't have, but you and I have had&nbsp; this discussion before. If you could see UV, you&nbsp;&nbsp; would. If you could genetically modify yourself.&nbsp; Absolutely. If I could enhance myself easily,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would. Is that one of the first things you would&nbsp; do if you could hack that way? I'd like to try it.&nbsp;&nbsp; You just would take an option from say a spider or&nbsp; one of these mantis shrimps and you could use gene&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy and just stick that into the back of your&nbsp; eye. I recall somebody did this in a mouse and the&nbsp;&nbsp; mouse could now see in the ultraviolet spectrum.&nbsp; Dude, is that mouse freaking out? [laughter] No,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think they're probably just saying, "Cool, man."&nbsp; A couple other things we need to go through here.&nbsp;&nbsp; The optic nerve. Yeah, these are the bundles at&nbsp; the back of the eyes, the retinal ganglen cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; which project out the back of these rods and cones&nbsp; and gather into a large cord that comes out the&nbsp;&nbsp; back of the eye. It's about a centimeter to the&nbsp; back of the brain. It's actually an extension of&nbsp;&nbsp; the brain. So, literally your eye is a piece of&nbsp; your brain. And that's why, as we'll talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; later, the eye can be used as a bellweather&nbsp; for the health of your own brain. Next is the&nbsp;&nbsp; vitrius humor. The vitrius humor. Yeah, it sounds&nbsp; like a type of standup comedian. Like he he's got&nbsp;&nbsp; a real sense of vitrius humor. [gasps] Well, as&nbsp; you know, it's the liquid inside the eye. I like&nbsp;&nbsp; the way that you say as I know. Like I actually&nbsp; know I have no idea. I had no idea until we were&nbsp;&nbsp; preparing for this show what the vitrius humor&nbsp; was. What did you think the eye was filled with?&nbsp;&nbsp; A clear gel-like substance that had no humor.&nbsp; It was very serious. Yeah. Well, actually,&nbsp;&nbsp; so this substance, the problem with it with aging&nbsp; is that it doesn't drain well. and so the eye can&nbsp;&nbsp; swell up. This is the disease called glaucoma.&nbsp; It's very serious and affects millions of people&nbsp;&nbsp; just here in the US. And that's one of the things&nbsp; we're working on in my lab is curing blindness&nbsp;&nbsp; caused by that high intraocular pressure. Hey,&nbsp; there's the scera. You know the scalera, Matt?&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the white opaque outer layer of the eye.&nbsp; It is. Do you know why it's white? I do not. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you promised to tell me. Well, the current&nbsp; theory is that it helps humans see where the&nbsp;&nbsp; person is looking and it's very helpful to&nbsp; be able to judge people's emotions. And there&nbsp;&nbsp; are number of our eyes are white so that other&nbsp; people can see where we're looking. Apparently,&nbsp;&nbsp; according to the experts who study the scalera,&nbsp; there are many species of mammals, at least 25,&nbsp;&nbsp; that have these whites around their pupils so that&nbsp; other members of the species can see where they're&nbsp;&nbsp; looking. Even gorillas and some other primates&nbsp; have whites around their eyes. Wouldn't that be&nbsp;&nbsp; detrimental in some ways, too? Because the like&nbsp; our prey and our predators could also see where&nbsp;&nbsp; we're looking. Yeah, maybe. It's controversial.&nbsp; It's not proven that that's why we have white&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes. It may be a sign of health, right? That's&nbsp; another thing that we like to have is to show&nbsp;&nbsp; the opposite member of our species or whatever&nbsp; we want to attract. It could be random also,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? I mean, there are things in evolution&nbsp; that are just like that's just how it worked out.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's not a real strong Darwinistic explanation.&nbsp; It could be, but actually not all scolaria are&nbsp;&nbsp; white. Like bonobos have light brown sclery. But&nbsp; anyway, there's some other regions of the eye we&nbsp;&nbsp; should just mention. There's the macula, which is&nbsp; the central area in the retina that is important&nbsp;&nbsp; for very detailed vision. So when you look at the&nbsp; back of the eye, the optometrist or the optician,&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll look at that region and have a look very&nbsp; very small part of the retina. Super dense region&nbsp;&nbsp; where there's a lot of nerves and super important&nbsp; because we're going to be talking today about age&nbsp;&nbsp; related macular degeneration. That's the part&nbsp; of the eye we're talking about. That's right.&nbsp;&nbsp; And there's a couple of types of that. What can&nbsp; happen is the blood vessels grow too much around&nbsp;&nbsp; that region and you can also accumulate junk. And&nbsp; then even smaller than the macula is the very tiny&nbsp;&nbsp; little pit in the center of it that provides the&nbsp; sharpest vision. That is the phobia. The phobia.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Okay. All right. That's the eye. That is&nbsp; the eye. We just went through the eye. I'm sure&nbsp;&nbsp; on the show notes we'll put on a little diagram&nbsp; so that people can reference if they need to.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. There's a reference I want Andrew to put&nbsp; up on the website, which is there's a fun fact&nbsp;&nbsp; about the eye that I didn't know till I researched&nbsp; it. Tell me your fun fact. So, there are opsson,&nbsp;&nbsp; these proteins that detect light that do not only&nbsp; occur in the eye. Oh, they also occur in your&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere. You've got seemingly photo receptors&nbsp; in your skin and even in your brain. There was&nbsp;&nbsp; a paper. Okay, I knew about the brain one. You&nbsp; have options in your skin as well. Yeah. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is why photo biom modulation works, right?&nbsp; It helps. This is how we know it's daylight. Even&nbsp;&nbsp; some people who are blind know that it's daylight.&nbsp; Their bodies can keep a rhythm and even can detect&nbsp;&nbsp; bright light even though they can't see anything.&nbsp; This paper which was interesting that I found it&nbsp;&nbsp; was in science I believe in 2002 and its title&nbsp; was photo transduction by retinal ganglen cells&nbsp;&nbsp; that set the circadian clock. And these ganglen&nbsp; cells are not detecting light for vision, but&nbsp;&nbsp; they detect it so that other things can happen.&nbsp; Regulating organs, metabolism, making you hungry,&nbsp;&nbsp; setting your ability to sleep at the right time.&nbsp; One thing that's important to me is that Lifespan&nbsp;&nbsp; only partners with companies that I genuinely&nbsp; believe in. They must be grounded in science&nbsp;&nbsp; and willing to support medical research that will&nbsp; ultimately change how we treat aging and diseases.&nbsp;&nbsp; Their support also helps keep this podcast free&nbsp; for millions of listeners around the world. One of&nbsp;&nbsp; those companies that I'd like to mention is Ketone&nbsp; IQ. I've known the founder, Mike, for over 5&nbsp;&nbsp; years, and I'm a huge fan of what he's doing. I've&nbsp; been studying the benefits of fasting for over 25&nbsp;&nbsp; years now. And one of the most important molecules&nbsp; is beta hydroxybutyrate or BHB, the primary ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; that our bodies make during fasting. That's an&nbsp; important metabolic fuel for your brain and your&nbsp;&nbsp; muscles. More recently, science has shown that&nbsp; BHB is also an epigenetic regulator of your immune&nbsp;&nbsp; tea cells. These are cells that protect against&nbsp; viral infections. Ketone IQ is a little shot that&nbsp;&nbsp; contains R13 butin dial, a naturally occurring&nbsp; molecule that your liver converts into BHB, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it happens in minutes instead of the day or two it&nbsp; normally takes through fasting. One of the studies&nbsp;&nbsp; on BHB that caught my attention recently was&nbsp; by Steven Krenine and colleagues. Their work in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2016 showed that while the aging brain loses its&nbsp; ability to use glucose efficiently, its ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; use ketones remains largely intact. That finding&nbsp; has helped spark an exciting new area of research&nbsp;&nbsp; on brain metabolism. And more recently, Quinonius&nbsp; and Lemon published a randomized trial in 2022 in&nbsp;&nbsp; the journal Nutrients showing that ketones&nbsp; helped preserve reaction accuracy during&nbsp;&nbsp; prolonged mentally demanding exercise. And another&nbsp; study in that same year found that patients with&nbsp;&nbsp; severe CO 19 had impaired ketogenesis, the ability&nbsp; to make ketones. In their experiments, adding BHB&nbsp;&nbsp; improved both the CD4 and CD8 T- cell functions,&nbsp; suggesting that ketone bodies may help restore&nbsp;&nbsp; antiviral immune responses under those conditions.&nbsp; Personally, I use ketone IQ quite often when I&nbsp;&nbsp; have a long day, when I'm recording podcasts,&nbsp; I'm writing, or I'm feeling a little down,&nbsp;&nbsp; or maybe getting a virus. I'd love you to try&nbsp; Ketone IQ, too. I asked the guys at the company&nbsp;&nbsp; to offer a 30% off discount for your first monthly&nbsp; order, which they kindly agreed to. You can visit&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone.com/lifespan or at the checkout, just use&nbsp; the code lifespan. And this is our brain using&nbsp;&nbsp; light in other ways than to facilitate vision. But&nbsp; there's another way that our eyes and our brains&nbsp;&nbsp; are interconnected and and need one another. Yeah.&nbsp; And you can find these in the skin and in in the&nbsp;&nbsp; brain and all sorts of places, back of the knee.&nbsp; So circadian rhythms are important for aging. It&nbsp;&nbsp; turns out as we get older, we don't sleep as well.&nbsp; A lot of people struggle to even go to sleep and&nbsp;&nbsp; stay asleep. And one of the main reasons is the&nbsp; circadian rhythm is controlled by longevity genes,&nbsp;&nbsp; the certuins. And the c one sertuin that needs&nbsp; NAD struggles to work in the elderly because it&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't make enough NAD as we get older. And one&nbsp; of the things we're working on is whether we can&nbsp;&nbsp; replace the NAD or enhance it and get people&nbsp; to wake up nice and early, nice and chirpy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then sleep well at night. And so far, it looks&nbsp; good in mice, and we're doing clinical trials now&nbsp;&nbsp; in people. So, let's go back to this idea that&nbsp; we shared earlier, which is that everybody is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to experience some loss of vision, some&nbsp; loss of function of their eyes as they age.&nbsp;&nbsp; When this starts to happen, it's pretty&nbsp; disconcerting. And I think it's especially&nbsp;&nbsp; disconcerting when you realize something about&nbsp; your eyes that maybe a lot of people don't realize&nbsp;&nbsp; or fully recognize, which you mentioned earlier.&nbsp; Your eyes aren't just a separate sensory organ.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are part of your brain. Yeah. Exposed&nbsp; part. When I'm looking at you in your eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; or if you're staring at your partner in their eyes&nbsp; and you think, "Oh, it's a window to their soul."&nbsp;&nbsp; Quite literally, you're looking straight into a&nbsp; part of their brain if they're extensions. So when&nbsp;&nbsp; you look at So you're like like if you're like I&nbsp; really like you for your brain, you're or I like&nbsp;&nbsp; you for your eyes. I don't know. Same thing. Yeah.&nbsp; This is key because as we've noted on this podcast&nbsp;&nbsp; before, we know that different physiological&nbsp; systems experience aging at different rates. Our&nbsp;&nbsp; heart experiences aging different than our liver,&nbsp; different than our skin, different than our eyes.&nbsp;&nbsp; And we can measure a lot of these systems without&nbsp; too much trouble. But the brain thankfully is&nbsp;&nbsp; very well protected and so it's a little harder to&nbsp; non-invasively measure aging in the brain. But our&nbsp;&nbsp; eyes are exposed to the world. So we can measure&nbsp; aging in the eyes. Yeah. There have been a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of studies that use different aspects of the eye&nbsp; to measure how fast people are aging. There's one&nbsp;&nbsp; where you pull liquid out of the eye, this tumor,&nbsp; and look at the proteins and they could quite&nbsp;&nbsp; accurately develop a clock that could predict a&nbsp; syringe or like a swab. I'd say small syringe. I I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't think I want to do that one. No, that one's&nbsp; probably not for mainstream. And there's actually&nbsp;&nbsp; another one that's even less for mainstream where&nbsp; they actually take your eyeball out. You have to&nbsp;&nbsp; be dead. There. They could look at the eyes and&nbsp; determine the age of the person pretty accurately.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that doesn't do you a lot of good because&nbsp; you're already dead. So, we don't like the syringe&nbsp;&nbsp; one. We don't like the dead one. There's another&nbsp; one though that is really interesting. Well, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; a study where they talk about 80,000 images of the&nbsp; back of the eye. This is data with the UK bio bank&nbsp;&nbsp; and they could use AI to look at the differences&nbsp; over time as what happens and they could very&nbsp;&nbsp; accurately within I think 3 years predict how old&nbsp; somebody actually was just by looking and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; about as noninvasive as it gets right it's just&nbsp; a photograph yeah it's a great measure I think&nbsp;&nbsp; in the future doctors should be using that and&nbsp; maybe there will be machines for that other thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that was interesting is that it helped predict all&nbsp; causes of mortality and so you could say, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; this person, even though they're, let's say, 50,&nbsp; their eyes are more like 60, and that predisposed&nbsp;&nbsp; them to diseases that would eventually kill them."&nbsp; Yeah, this is really important because knowing how&nbsp;&nbsp; old the eye is an important measure of overall&nbsp; health. There's another team of researchers from&nbsp;&nbsp; Australia that demonstrated in 2022 that the&nbsp; biological age of the cells in our retinas are&nbsp;&nbsp; also a predictor of mortality. That's called the&nbsp; retinal age gap, which is the difference between&nbsp;&nbsp; the actual biological health of an eye and then&nbsp; the person's chronological age since birth. This&nbsp;&nbsp; number is interesting. A 2% increase in the&nbsp; risk of death from any cause for each year of&nbsp;&nbsp; difference between a person's actual age and the&nbsp; older biological age identified by the eye. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if your eye is 6 years older than the rest of your&nbsp; body, that translates into a 12% increase in risk&nbsp;&nbsp; of death. As we're talking about the aging of the&nbsp; eye, I should note that there have been studies in&nbsp;&nbsp; the past demonstrating a strong association&nbsp; between say like retinal cell thickness and&nbsp;&nbsp; biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease. That's work&nbsp; out of a team from Soul National University in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2021. And other researchers have observed that&nbsp; the eye and the brain share common mechanisms of&nbsp;&nbsp; aging and disease. And what I'm getting to here&nbsp; is that you're pretty sure that there's a pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; strong connection between how our eyes experience&nbsp; aging and how our brains experience aging. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; for sure the the same structures exist and the&nbsp; same process of aging occurs in the eye and the&nbsp;&nbsp; brain. The information theory of aging is now&nbsp; showing that. Interestingly, people have even&nbsp;&nbsp; before they knew this theory, they were looking&nbsp; at correlations between retinal diseases and say&nbsp;&nbsp; Alzheimer's disease or mild cognitive impairments.&nbsp; And it it's was shown actually just recently in&nbsp;&nbsp; the last couple of years that by looking at&nbsp; the changes that are happening to the retina,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can predict Alzheimer's way before you&nbsp; have any symptoms. And is this why it's been&nbsp;&nbsp; so important in the Sinclair lab to examine the&nbsp; eye or is it just that the eye was a convenient&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanism to examine aging? We chose the eye&nbsp; because the student at the time, Wanchen Lu, was&nbsp;&nbsp; excited about the eye and I wanted to do the liver&nbsp; cuz I figured that would be easy. But he thought&nbsp;&nbsp; the eye was the place to go. And he was smart&nbsp; about it because he realized that if it worked, we&nbsp;&nbsp; could more easily go into human studies with the&nbsp; eye than the liver because we're giving genes that&nbsp;&nbsp; are delivered with a domesticated virus called an&nbsp; AAV. And in the eye, there's already a drug on the&nbsp;&nbsp; market using an AAV to correct a genetic defect&nbsp; for retinitismic pigmentotosa, a genetic disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, we're going to talk about that a little bit&nbsp; uh toward the end of this episode. But because&nbsp;&nbsp; that was already available, what he observed was&nbsp; that if we are able to show that reprogramming&nbsp;&nbsp; works in the eye, there's already a mechanism to&nbsp; deliver whatever that is. Yeah. Yeah. I guess it's&nbsp;&nbsp; not obvious to everybody, but to us, we go on the&nbsp; the assumption that if we figure out why age at a&nbsp;&nbsp; fundamental level, it'll be true for every other&nbsp; cell type in the body. And so far, it looks like&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the case. We're now reversing the age of&nbsp; the brain in mice using the same technologies that&nbsp;&nbsp; we reversed blindness in mice a few years ago. And&nbsp; when we talk about reversing blindness in mice,&nbsp;&nbsp; this paper that came out in 2020 that showed&nbsp; that genetic reprogramming using three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four Yamanaka factors could recover youthful&nbsp; epigenetic information and restore vision in&nbsp;&nbsp; mice. That was a really seminal paper for your&nbsp; lab. It was a really nice milestone and I was&nbsp;&nbsp; very proud of the team and we wrote about it in&nbsp; our book lifespan before it even was published.&nbsp;&nbsp; It took a long time to publish it because peer&nbsp; review takes a while especially with something&nbsp;&nbsp; this radically new but it came out in when was&nbsp; it December 2020 and ever since then we've been&nbsp;&nbsp; pushing forward pretty hard. We've made a lot of&nbsp; progress on this work. Originally we quote unquote&nbsp;&nbsp; just showed that we could improve vision in old&nbsp; mice and mice with glaucoma and even mice that had&nbsp;&nbsp; damaged optic nerves. There were big questions&nbsp; left like is it really safe in the long term?&nbsp;&nbsp; How long does the effect last? Can you do it&nbsp; more than once? And these are questions we're&nbsp;&nbsp; now getting answers to. And in fact, a paper&nbsp; called sustained vision recovery by OSK gene&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy in a mouse model of glaucom adds a lot&nbsp; to that equation, just what you're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; here. That study followed many of the same steps&nbsp; as the 2020 paper, but the key word in that title&nbsp;&nbsp; is sustained. Right? It was a lot of work. I want&nbsp; to thank my colleague Bruce Cassander and Wang is&nbsp;&nbsp; also one of the key people there. And what we&nbsp; showed in this paper was that turning on this&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy for a long time had no negative side&nbsp; effects. In the 2020 paper, we found that it&nbsp;&nbsp; worked well for 6 to 8 weeks. Great. But we didn't&nbsp; know, which is cool. That's that's great. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; curing blindness is no small thing. We were pretty&nbsp; excited. But people asked the question, well gosh,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're reversing aging in cells, won't they&nbsp; just turn into cancers? Won't you just get a big&nbsp;&nbsp; tumor in the eye? And the answer to that in this&nbsp; paper is no. It's seemingly perfectly safe in the&nbsp;&nbsp; mouse and the effect lasts for many months after&nbsp; we switch it off. 11 months. For 11 months. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Which might not sound a lot except for a lab&nbsp; mouse lives 2 to 3 years. So we're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially a third of the animal's life. That&nbsp; translates into decades in human equivalent.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Well, we're excited because most drugs stop&nbsp; working once you stop taking them. But this one,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a true reset. It's a semi-permanent&nbsp; reset. And of course, aging is still happening.&nbsp;&nbsp; So the the eyes start aging out again just as it&nbsp; would have. But the good news is that we have an&nbsp;&nbsp; inducible system. What that means is we can turn&nbsp; the treatment back on again whenever we want just&nbsp;&nbsp; by giving them an antibiotic. We engineered&nbsp; it that way. What I think will happen is that&nbsp;&nbsp; if it all goes well and hopefully we'll know in a&nbsp; couple of years or less uh patients will get their&nbsp;&nbsp; vision back, glaucoma or just old age or macular&nbsp; degeneration patients and it'll last for a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of years and then they'll just take a course of&nbsp; antibiotics to regain their vision again. and they&nbsp;&nbsp; turn it back on as they need to keep cycling. And&nbsp; that is an important part of this study is that it&nbsp;&nbsp; showed that it didn't just stop the aging or send&nbsp; it on a reverse course into eternity. It reversed&nbsp;&nbsp; the aging and then reset it per the information&nbsp; theory of aging and then it continued a new.&nbsp;&nbsp; Right? Well, that that's the other thing that's&nbsp; not obvious to most people who just hear about&nbsp;&nbsp; this theory. First of all, that we believe and&nbsp; have shown that there must be a backup copy of the&nbsp;&nbsp; software of youth in every cell that we've looked&nbsp; at and we've looked at a lot of different types&nbsp;&nbsp; of cells. We've now rejuvenated the kidneys and&nbsp; the muscle, the brain, of course. Other labs have&nbsp;&nbsp; done the spleen and other tissues. So, this seems&nbsp; to be a universal software that is in cells. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't know where that software is encoded. We&nbsp; think it's probably attached to the DNA somewhere,&nbsp;&nbsp; some chemical we're looking for. Yeah, you've&nbsp; been really cy about this in our last couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; conversations. We have some clues, but my student&nbsp; Chris would kill me if I divulge what he told&nbsp;&nbsp; people where to find it. Yeah, stay tuned. I&nbsp; mean, we'll divulge it here. We'll There's a&nbsp;&nbsp; treasure map there somewhere. Exactly. There is.&nbsp; And we think that information is laid down when&nbsp;&nbsp; our eyes are very young and it stays there until&nbsp; we trigger it to be reset. The other thing that's&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting is that now we know that it gets&nbsp; reset, but your age doesn't go back to zero,&nbsp;&nbsp; which would be cancer. What happens is that this&nbsp; program which is set in motion by these three&nbsp;&nbsp; genes you mentioned which we call OS and K these&nbsp; three Yamanaka factors age goes back about 80%&nbsp;&nbsp; but stops. There's a barrier to the cells getting&nbsp; too young which we don't understand but we're sure&nbsp;&nbsp; happy it exists. We don't understand but thank&nbsp; god it exists right cuz otherwise all this is for&nbsp;&nbsp; not well we'd have to be very very careful with&nbsp; the technology. We'd have to turn it on for just&nbsp;&nbsp; the right time and turn it off again to be safe.&nbsp; But now we know it's not that dangerous. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; leave it on for whatever it is, third to half the&nbsp; lifespan. The eye just stays healthy. You've been&nbsp;&nbsp; increasingly willing to talk about like what's&nbsp; actually actively happening in your lab. Save for&nbsp;&nbsp; the treasure map that you won't tell anybody&nbsp; about. Yeah. Well, I've always talked about&nbsp;&nbsp; research early because I I believe that first of&nbsp; all, the public has a right to know cuz they're&nbsp;&nbsp; paying for a lot of this research. And also, you&nbsp; know, unless I I'm told by my student, please&nbsp;&nbsp; don't tell anyone cuz it's really competitive and&nbsp; I'll I'll I'll get scooped. other, you know, if I&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like that's not an issue and we're way ahead,&nbsp; then why why not talk about it? Let the world know&nbsp;&nbsp; what's happening, inspire young kids to start&nbsp; science, inspire other labs to work on this. You&nbsp;&nbsp; mentioned Bruce Cassander earlier. He's a frequent&nbsp; collaborator of yours. He's also the co-director&nbsp;&nbsp; of the Ocular Oncology Center of Excellence&nbsp; at Harvard Medical School, and he is leading&nbsp;&nbsp; a study that helps bridge the gap between mice and&nbsp; men. It was described in an abstract presentation&nbsp;&nbsp; at the annual conference of the association for&nbsp; research in vision and opthalmology which was held&nbsp;&nbsp; in New Orleans in April of 2023 and that was the&nbsp; first time that it was publicly revealed that the&nbsp;&nbsp; process that was used to restore vision in mice&nbsp; was also working in monkeys. Right. Well, that&nbsp;&nbsp; was a big deal cuz mouse eyes are structurally&nbsp; slightly different than us. They have a membrane.&nbsp;&nbsp; They don't have the white. They also don't have&nbsp; the white. But monkey eyes are are identical to&nbsp;&nbsp; our eyes. And if it works in a monkey, it'd be&nbsp; shocking to me if it doesn't work in humans,&nbsp;&nbsp; if it now that it's working in in the monkeys.&nbsp; And those mice that had bad vision, they had&nbsp;&nbsp; their vision returned again after just 28 days of&nbsp; treatment. And now with Bruce, we're doing some&nbsp;&nbsp; more studies to see how long we can leave it, if&nbsp; it gets better the longer we leave it. So, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about African green monkeys here. How do&nbsp; we know that their eyesight is getting better?&nbsp;&nbsp; Because I know like some apes can do some sign&nbsp; language stuff, but I don't think African green&nbsp;&nbsp; monkeys can. They can't communicate with us. So,&nbsp; how's that work? Yeah. Well, we did the same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; that we did in the mice. We did two things in the&nbsp; mice. We exposed them. We showed them a screen&nbsp;&nbsp; and they moved their head when the lines were&nbsp; moving. We didn't do something. They follow them.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's called the opto motor response, which they&nbsp; weren't doing when they're when they had their&nbsp;&nbsp; damaged eyes. Yeah. Or just old mice. They they&nbsp; didn't turn their heads. And when I give talks, I&nbsp;&nbsp; show these videos of the mice turning their heads&nbsp; when they get their vision restored. We didn't do&nbsp;&nbsp; that with the monkeys cuz it just wasn't worth&nbsp; setting up. But what we did do that was fairly&nbsp;&nbsp; easy was to do the other test which is called a&nbsp; PEG which is like ECG that we do on our hearts.&nbsp;&nbsp; We could do it on the eye. So the PEG measures the&nbsp; electrical activity in the optic nerve and you can&nbsp;&nbsp; measure it in response to changing patterns. The&nbsp; P is stands for pattern and you show the monkeys&nbsp;&nbsp; in this case like a checkerboard like a chessboard&nbsp; and you can measure the changes when you show that&nbsp;&nbsp; light and the electrical activity was restored&nbsp; by the treatment just in 28 days. Wow. David,&nbsp;&nbsp; we mentioned earlier that we'd be talking about&nbsp; the macula that again is this little tiny part in&nbsp;&nbsp; the back of the eye that's like really important&nbsp; to acute vision and that's where age- related&nbsp;&nbsp; macular degeneration happens which has also been&nbsp; a subject that you and your collaborators in your&nbsp;&nbsp; lab are really really interested and working on.&nbsp; That's right. So this is a big disease and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; increasing all the time and there are a couple of&nbsp; types of AMD. One is the blood vessels grow and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can treat that with an injection that stops&nbsp; blood vessel growth. There's another one that's&nbsp;&nbsp; untreatable at this point and we'll talk about&nbsp; ways to slow it down and that is you accumulate&nbsp;&nbsp; lipopuscin clumps that block the ability of the&nbsp; nerves to work and these are protein aggregates&nbsp;&nbsp; that have collections of damaged proteins and&nbsp; oxidized lipids. They're disgusting little&nbsp;&nbsp; chunks and you can see them in the layers behind&nbsp; the I'm sorry I'm trying not to make you laugh&nbsp;&nbsp; but like I can tell my face is getting like the&nbsp; disgusted look on it. Yeah, I could see that they&nbsp;&nbsp; are disgusting. And what we were asking with again&nbsp; Bruce Cassander is when we reverse the age of the&nbsp;&nbsp; retina, what happens? Maybe nothing or maybe the&nbsp; nerves start working well or maybe if we're lucky,&nbsp;&nbsp; the eye gets rid of those disgusting blobs of of&nbsp; protein and fat. These junk boxes. Yeah. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And guess what happened? The junk boxes went away.&nbsp; They went away. When you make the eye young again,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can cope and it chews them up and they're gone.&nbsp; And now all the layers of the retina that looked&nbsp;&nbsp; all messed up and expanded and cells growing in&nbsp; the wrong places, it went back to being young&nbsp;&nbsp; again. Perfectly layered. And this is a major&nbsp; cause of AMD aging. The junk the junk boxes of&nbsp;&nbsp; course. Yeah. And and people have tried to get&nbsp; rid of them, but they haven't been able to do&nbsp;&nbsp; that. And the problem is that they're buried&nbsp; within all these cells. And all you have to do&nbsp;&nbsp; is just make the cells young again, and they go,&nbsp; "Oh, what's this crap? Let's get rid of it." And&nbsp;&nbsp; actually one of the things that we do with Bruce&nbsp; again is we can grow those cells in the lab and we&nbsp;&nbsp; can make them get old. Now we have ways of aging&nbsp; cells and these are the retinal epithelial cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; these RPEs that sit at the back of the retina&nbsp; and when they're old they get all disgusting.&nbsp;&nbsp; They don't really grow very well. We treat&nbsp; them with sodium iodate which gives them a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of oxidative stress which is an acceleration&nbsp; of aging. And then we can reverse their age and&nbsp;&nbsp; then they grow beautifully again. Mhm. Um, and&nbsp; the reason that's great is we we want to use&nbsp;&nbsp; these cells as a screen, a screening to find new&nbsp; ways to reverse aging. And we're now at the point&nbsp;&nbsp; where we can see them go from crappy, disgusting&nbsp; to nice and beautiful, young again. And we think&nbsp;&nbsp; we can find elixir or little chemicals that can&nbsp; reverse aging using those cells. And then we'll&nbsp;&nbsp; put them into the eye and then eventually into the&nbsp; whole mouse and then eventually whole human for&nbsp;&nbsp; age reversal. A lot of people might think, okay,&nbsp; well, this is all nice. Sure, it's going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; nice to have this sort of intervention available&nbsp; if I ever get a disease that results in this sort&nbsp;&nbsp; of destruction of my vision. But I think we need&nbsp; to go back to this point when we're talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; macular degeneration. There's a disease called&nbsp; macular degeneration. At a certain state and&nbsp;&nbsp; rate of degeneration, you can be diagnosed with&nbsp; macular degeneration, but also literally we are&nbsp;&nbsp; all experiencing the degeneration of our macula.&nbsp; Not as fast as people with the designated disease,&nbsp;&nbsp; but this is all of us. This is happening to all&nbsp; of us all of the time, just at a slower rate. And&nbsp;&nbsp; really, one of the problems with medicine is that&nbsp; they have a cut off, right? That doctors have to&nbsp;&nbsp; say, "This is a point where we're going to treat&nbsp; you versus not." My view is prevent the illness&nbsp;&nbsp; before it even strikes. That's probably the best&nbsp; way. Diabetes is a good example of that. We tend&nbsp;&nbsp; to have more glucose levels in our blood as we&nbsp; get older. But it has to reach a certain level&nbsp;&nbsp; before it becomes a disease. But does that mean&nbsp; when you're n99% away from that number, you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have the disease? No, of course not. You don't&nbsp; suddenly get a disease. It's happening throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; your whole adult life or most of it in the latter&nbsp; half. And vision is the same. And that's why I was&nbsp;&nbsp; excited to treat not just glaucoma and macular&nbsp; degeneration and nerve damage but actual aging&nbsp;&nbsp; in mice because aging is also a major cause of&nbsp; blindness. We just accept it because we think of&nbsp;&nbsp; it as natural but being natural and common doesn't&nbsp; mean that it should be acceptable. Yeah. In fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; the American Optometric Association doesn't really&nbsp; mince words about this. It says that if you're an&nbsp;&nbsp; adult aged 40 to 60, you will experience symptoms&nbsp; of age related vision changes. This happens to all&nbsp;&nbsp; of us. Not everybody's going to have the same&nbsp; symptoms, but pretty much everybody's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; experience one or more symptoms. That's like&nbsp; a need for more light or difficulty reading,&nbsp;&nbsp; problems with glare, changes in color perception,&nbsp; cataracts, cataracts, all eventually we're all&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get there. By the age of 50, about&nbsp; 60% of the population needs glasses, contacts,&nbsp;&nbsp; or surgery. And that shoots up to 94% by the age&nbsp; of 75. Did you know that by 2050, it's estimated&nbsp;&nbsp; that half the world will need glasses for myopia?&nbsp; Yeah. And think about that. That's half the world,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? But that's not just half the old people.&nbsp; That's half the global population. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think already it's half over 50 now. It's&nbsp; gone up sevenfold in prevalence in the last few&nbsp;&nbsp; decades. No one knows why. You know, we can guess&nbsp; it's computer screens. It's a It might even be a&nbsp;&nbsp; lack of sunlight. There's new evidence that says&nbsp; that violet light or the absence thereof in the&nbsp;&nbsp; eye causes the eye to become malformed and nerves&nbsp; don't function well. This actually reminds me a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot about the conversation that we had a few years&nbsp; ago now in the pilot season of the podcast where&nbsp;&nbsp; we were talking about aging of the skin. this&nbsp; commonness of age related loss of visual acuity&nbsp;&nbsp; is just accepted. Everybody knows it's going to&nbsp; happen. You just say, "Okay, that's just life."&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is right up there with like the idea that&nbsp; we are all going to get wrinkles, which yeah, is&nbsp;&nbsp; true, but also makes us more susceptible to other&nbsp; health problems as we age. And so I I definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; encourage people to go back and listen to that&nbsp; episode because skin aging isn't just cosmetic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why it's smart to fight it. And the&nbsp; aging of the eye isn't just a thing that we&nbsp;&nbsp; need to accept. We should also fight it. So David,&nbsp; let's talk about what we can do to keep our eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy because it's going to be a little bit of&nbsp; time before OSK based age reversal or some other&nbsp;&nbsp; process is ready for prime time in humans. So,&nbsp; in the meantime, as we often say, keeping your&nbsp;&nbsp; body as young as possible for as long as possible&nbsp; is the way to go. Yeah, that's right. As we've&nbsp;&nbsp; discussed, our eyes can reveal a remarkable amount&nbsp; about our biological health. And having accurate&nbsp;&nbsp; data about the rest of your body is just as&nbsp; valuable. Which brings me to a science-based&nbsp;&nbsp; wearable that I'm particularly fond of. partly&nbsp; because of its scientific foundation at Harvard&nbsp;&nbsp; where I work, but also the founders's own research&nbsp; and scientific rigor. Of course, I'm talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; the Whoop band, the one that I rarely take off. As&nbsp; a scientist, I like measuring things rather than&nbsp;&nbsp; guessing. And Whoop continuously tracks my sleep,&nbsp; my resting heart rate, my heart rate variability,&nbsp;&nbsp; respiratory rate, daily strain and recovery, and&nbsp; other aspects of my health, giving me objective&nbsp;&nbsp; data about how my body is responding to the&nbsp; changes that I make. On weekends, you'll usually&nbsp;&nbsp; find me on Cape Cod, in my workshop, or outside&nbsp; on the property, planting fruit trees, repairing&nbsp;&nbsp; the house, or hauling lumber in my old 1992 Ford&nbsp; F-150 pickup. Sometimes, however, I wake up eager&nbsp;&nbsp; to get outside, but my whoop tells me a different&nbsp; story. My heart rate variability is lower than&nbsp;&nbsp; usual. My resting heart rate is elevated, and my&nbsp; recovery score is really poor. So, on those days,&nbsp;&nbsp; I still head out, but I pace myself. I found&nbsp; that listening to those signals helps me recover&nbsp;&nbsp; better and work harder over the long term. I&nbsp; appreciate that Whoop is backed by great science.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, in 2022, Miller and colleagues&nbsp; published a study in the journal Sensors&nbsp;&nbsp; comparing six leading wearable devices against&nbsp; clinical grade measurements of sleep, heart rate,&nbsp;&nbsp; and heart rate variability. Whoop was among the&nbsp; most accurate for measuring overnight heart rate&nbsp;&nbsp; and HRV. These are the two biomarkers that I&nbsp; pay close attention to because they provide&nbsp;&nbsp; valuable insights into recovery and physiological&nbsp; resilience. So, if you don't already use Whoop,&nbsp;&nbsp; I really encourage you to give them a&nbsp; try. So visit join.woop.com/lifespan and you can use the code lifespan to receive your&nbsp; free Whoop and your first month of membership.&nbsp;&nbsp; Actually the the things that are recommended&nbsp; for the eyes, most of them are procedures that&nbsp;&nbsp; you can use to keep your whole body to healthy&nbsp; as well. Yeah, this is a constant theme with&nbsp;&nbsp; us. So a lot of people are like, "Oh my god,&nbsp; they're going to talk about healthy eating&nbsp;&nbsp; and exercise and all that." We are, but there's&nbsp; some specific things that you should know about&nbsp;&nbsp; if in particular you really want to focus on&nbsp; eye health and eye aging. There's that. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's start with vitamin C. Vitamin C, the classic&nbsp; vitamin C. It's one of the things at the top if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to keep your eyes nice and healthy. It's&nbsp; known to decrease glaucoma risk, protects the eye&nbsp;&nbsp; from oxidative damage and UV damage, and that&nbsp; helps prevent cataracts as well. Exactly. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't want to have blurry lenses when you get&nbsp; older. But also we need to know that vitamin C&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements might be associated with an increased&nbsp; risk of age related cataracts in women. You take&nbsp;&nbsp; extra vitamin C. I take a middle of the road dose.&nbsp; So a regular dose is what about 75 milligrams.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. And the upper known safe limit for vitamin&nbsp; C is 2 grams a day. So I'm taking 1,000 milligs,&nbsp;&nbsp; one gram a day roughly. But I'm taking it for&nbsp; other reasons, not just to protect my eyes. In&nbsp;&nbsp; my lab, we've got some published results now that&nbsp; ascorbic acid, vitamin C, is helpful for slowing&nbsp;&nbsp; down epigenetic aging as well. And but that's a&nbsp; whole separate topic. But yeah, vitamin C now is&nbsp;&nbsp; a staple. I've added that to my daily regimen. So,&nbsp; in addition to vitamin C supplementation, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about fruits, oranges, watermelon. Yeah.&nbsp; Sources of vitamin C are good ones are berries,&nbsp;&nbsp; dark berries. I I eat blueberries with a small&nbsp; amount of yogurt in the morning. That's a good&nbsp;&nbsp; source. There's another vitamin that everybody or&nbsp; many people associate with better vision. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; related to an old thing that we've all heard&nbsp; that beta carotene, which we get from carrots,&nbsp;&nbsp; is good for eyesight. Turns out carrots are good&nbsp; for eyesight because beta carotene converts into&nbsp;&nbsp; vitamin A and vitamin A is is good for our eyes.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. So, we can put retinol on our skin&nbsp;&nbsp; for wrinkles. Retinol is also important because&nbsp; it gets converted to retinol al not O. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; little chemical is used by the options, these&nbsp; proteins in the rods and cones. Those are the&nbsp;&nbsp; light detecting proteins. Yeah. Yeah. So, retinyl&nbsp; is a chemical that has this strange property that&nbsp;&nbsp; when it gets hit by a photon, it'll go from a cyst&nbsp; to a trans closed to an open flat structure. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that triggers what's called a G-proin coupled&nbsp; cascade that allows these cells to now signal&nbsp;&nbsp; to the the optic nerve, the retinal ganglio&nbsp; cells that there's a signal. But those cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; they die pretty quickly cuz they're really going&nbsp; hard at it. There's a lot of oxidative stress.&nbsp;&nbsp; They need to be recycled. And so, you need vitamin&nbsp; A to rebuild that. You got to keep feeding them.&nbsp;&nbsp; Essentially, you do. And those RP cells that are&nbsp; defective in macular degeneration, they actually&nbsp;&nbsp; sit next to the the rods and cones to gobble up&nbsp; the membranes that are now defective because of&nbsp;&nbsp; all of this activity. And in some forms of macular&nbsp; degeneration, it's this RP65 protein that recycles&nbsp;&nbsp; the retinile back to its closed detection form.&nbsp; And you got to keep this cycle going all the time&nbsp;&nbsp; to be able to see. Let's tick off a couple&nbsp; other vitamins here. or vitamin E. Vitamin&nbsp;&nbsp; E is good. Another antioxidant. Remember, the&nbsp; eyes are constantly getting hit by oxidants and&nbsp;&nbsp; they're dying, need to be recycled. So, vitamin E&nbsp; is good. Zinc is also very important. It interacts&nbsp;&nbsp; with torine, which is thought to extend lifespan,&nbsp; which we'll cover in another episode. And it also&nbsp;&nbsp; interacts with vitamin A. Uh, it helps with the&nbsp; plasma membranes, helps with this reaction of the&nbsp;&nbsp; redins, and it also helps the neurons signal.&nbsp; So, it's all good. So keep the zinc levels up,&nbsp;&nbsp; not too high, but just at the right levels. And&nbsp; then vitamin B1, thamine. Yeah, vitamin B1. It&nbsp;&nbsp; decreases inflammation. Healthy nerves require&nbsp; vitamin B1. So that a a B vitamin blend is what&nbsp;&nbsp; I take, which includes B1, B6, B9, B12. These&nbsp; are all good, especially for people like me who&nbsp;&nbsp; who don't eat much meat. So B1 for eyes. What&nbsp; else, Matt? Omega-3s. So omega-3s are good for&nbsp;&nbsp; all inflammation in the body. I take mine mainly&nbsp; to stop cardiovascular disease, but they're also&nbsp;&nbsp; good for the eyes. They promote the development&nbsp; of retinal function, and it's been shown in a&nbsp;&nbsp; study that high intraocular pressure that gives&nbsp; rise to glaucoma is improved if you take omega-3&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements. Finally, in this list, although this&nbsp; is a big list, this is non-exhaustive. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; should also say if you're having trouble keeping&nbsp; track of all of these, show notes, show notes,&nbsp;&nbsp; show notes. Right. Yeah. Oh, there's one thing&nbsp; before you go there. Show notes are good. And&nbsp;&nbsp; Andrew, who's here with us, I'm calling him&nbsp; the boy wonder these days. He will make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; that all these references there. But I want to&nbsp; talk about something. You reminded me on omega-3&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty acids in the eye. A lot of people, even when&nbsp; they're young, have dry eye. You know, you blink,&nbsp;&nbsp; it hurts, it's scratchy, particularly when it's&nbsp; winter, the air is dry. One of the ways to to&nbsp;&nbsp; treat that is taking this fish oil supplement.&nbsp; And another way is to take an NAD booster. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; been shown in a Japanese study. NN can actually&nbsp; help dry eye. And there's a third thing that's&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting. There's a drug on the market. It's&nbsp; lowdosese rapamy. Now, those who've listened&nbsp;&nbsp; to this podcast before know that rapamy is a&nbsp; longevity drug in animals and probably in people&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. It was designed to suppress the immune&nbsp; system, but it also in low doses in eye drops can&nbsp;&nbsp; prevent dry eye. Wow. All of these things come&nbsp; back around. Yeah. What's actually happening,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think, is that these longevity genes, they&nbsp; protect the body. And just like they're protecting&nbsp;&nbsp; the liver and the kidney, they also can protect&nbsp; and rejuvenate the eye. Before we get away from&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrients and we start talking about other things&nbsp; that we can do to protect our eyes from aging,&nbsp;&nbsp; there was one more that I wanted to mention which&nbsp; is luteine. There's a few. There's one called&nbsp;&nbsp; luteine. There's a one called lycopine. Luteine&nbsp; I actually take every day. Uh it's a little red&nbsp;&nbsp; capsule. Luteine is one of those antioxidants&nbsp; that's been shown in clinical trials to slow down&nbsp;&nbsp; eye aging, particularly as it relates to macular&nbsp; degeneration. And this is one that I put my father&nbsp;&nbsp; on or suggested to him and he started taking&nbsp; it. Let's put it that way. [laughter] So yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; luteine is great. I take that every day. Lycopine&nbsp; I don't take but I eat enough of these reddish&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables and fruits. So tomatoes have a lot&nbsp; of lycopine in them. And so that's uh if you eat&nbsp;&nbsp; for amount of tomato products, tomato paste for&nbsp; example, loads of lycopine. And I actually have&nbsp;&nbsp; the numbers here that in one large raw tomato,&nbsp; you've got 5 mg, which is a big big serving,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you eat a/4 of a cup of tomato paste, maybe&nbsp; put on a pizza, got it, 19 milligrams. So, this is&nbsp;&nbsp; all good. But I did find a paper that said that&nbsp; lycopine when fed at high doses during pregnancy&nbsp;&nbsp; to women, children that were born had low birth&nbsp; weight. So, if you're pregnant, don't take high&nbsp;&nbsp; doses of lycopine, don't eat tons of tomatoes. But&nbsp; if you're an adult, it's good for your eyesight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. That's plus tomatoes are high in vitamin&nbsp; C. Right. That's true. There's another one called&nbsp;&nbsp; estaxanthine. A s t a x a n t h i n. And it's a&nbsp; carotenoid. You can find it also in trout, algae,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeast, shrimp. And it's actually gives fish like&nbsp; trout the pink color. And that's also been found&nbsp;&nbsp; to protect the eye from oxidative stress and&nbsp; macular degeneration and aging itself. Okay. A&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of people might say, "Oh my god, that's a lot,&nbsp; right? That's a lot of supplements." Which remind&nbsp;&nbsp; people the best way to get nutrients is through&nbsp; food if they possibly can. A lot of times we can't&nbsp;&nbsp; get probably the doses that you're talking about&nbsp; through food, but that's sort of the first and&nbsp;&nbsp; primary way to get bring these nutrients into your&nbsp; body. There are several diet types that have been&nbsp;&nbsp; shown to be holistically good for eyesight and&nbsp; general ocular health. And these aren't going to&nbsp;&nbsp; come as any surprise to anybody who's listened&nbsp; to the show either. Fruits and vegetables,&nbsp;&nbsp; but go for the colored vegetables. So my partner&nbsp; Serena says, "Eat the rainbow." You and I call&nbsp;&nbsp; it xeno hormesis. What doesn't kill you makes you&nbsp; stronger. These are plants that have been stressed&nbsp;&nbsp; and produce these chemicals and they're full of&nbsp; color. Anything that's colorful, so dark green,&nbsp;&nbsp; bright orange, red, these are all good for you.&nbsp; And in general, they're good for the eye as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; Again, I recommended to my father to go into these&nbsp; kind of foods. And he also went on the luteine.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's on metformin, which has also been shown&nbsp; to slow down macular degeneration. And he was&nbsp;&nbsp; starting to get macular degeneration, AMD as it's&nbsp; called, and it's now completely stopped in its&nbsp;&nbsp; tracks. It's not getting any worse. It may even be&nbsp; better. And he doesn't even need glasses to drive&nbsp;&nbsp; at night. M also good diet keto has been shown&nbsp; to increase optic nerve mitochondrial biogenesis&nbsp;&nbsp; which is important because our mitochondria&nbsp; deenish with aging but that apparently helps&nbsp;&nbsp; with cell survival in glaucoma and mice. Yeah,&nbsp; it does. Um calorie restriction has been good and&nbsp;&nbsp; plant-based diets, Mediterranean diets are all&nbsp; good for uh slowing down the aging of the eye.&nbsp;&nbsp; There was a study I want to point out in 2012 that&nbsp; showed that eating a lot of greens, kale, carrots,&nbsp;&nbsp; peaches. I don't like colored greens, but they&nbsp; were in the study. People that ate that kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; food had much lower glaucoma risk uh in women.&nbsp; Probably because they have a lot of vitamin A&nbsp;&nbsp; and vitamin C and these other xenoic compounds&nbsp; that uh we talk about a lot that activate these&nbsp;&nbsp; defenses against aging. You just brushed over&nbsp; caloric restriction there, but there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence that caloric restriction, for instance,&nbsp; decreases retinal ganglen cell death in mice.&nbsp;&nbsp; It delays age related cataracts and rodents. It&nbsp; inuates inherent age- related loss of RGC's and&nbsp;&nbsp; is neuroprotective against eskeeia. There's a lot&nbsp; of data that suggests that caloric restriction is&nbsp;&nbsp; good for eye health. What do you think is going&nbsp; on there in the context of the survival circuit,&nbsp;&nbsp; the information theory of aging? Well, if you've&nbsp; listened to this podcast before or read our book,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll know that caloric restriction&nbsp; slows aging across the entire body. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the eyes of course are no exception. And what we&nbsp; believe is happening is that caloric restriction&nbsp;&nbsp; is turning on the cell's defense against the aging&nbsp; process. And a major cause of aging, we believe,&nbsp;&nbsp; is the loss of epigenetic information, the ability&nbsp; of cells to read the right genes at the right time&nbsp;&nbsp; and maintain their function and their identity. So&nbsp; what we've seen and published is that during aging&nbsp;&nbsp; cells such as the nerve cells in the eye they lose&nbsp; their ability to read the right genes to maintain&nbsp;&nbsp; their nerveess and that that leads to dysfunction&nbsp; and these diseases or even just bad eyesight as&nbsp;&nbsp; we get older. What do we need to do about that?&nbsp; We need to put the body in a state of hormmesis&nbsp;&nbsp; tricking them into thinking that times are tough&nbsp; and they respond in defensive ways turning on&nbsp;&nbsp; the sertuan genes. We've shown that happens with&nbsp; caloric constriction and now these sertuins they&nbsp;&nbsp; go on to the DNA they help wrap it up and maintain&nbsp; that epigenetic information for much longer and so&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're trying to do is to find ways to slow&nbsp; that progress down reset the system even though&nbsp;&nbsp; we're not there yet in humans to reset the system&nbsp; there are ways as we're talking about now through&nbsp;&nbsp; diet even exercise certain foods you can eat&nbsp; supplements that activate these defenses and slow&nbsp;&nbsp; that process and caloric restriction is one of&nbsp; those ways but what I hear you saying is that this&nbsp;&nbsp; has a whole body effect. Our eyes are part of our&nbsp; body. It's sort of part and parcel. Yeah. Protects&nbsp;&nbsp; our brain, protects our eyes, liver, kidneys.&nbsp; But I want to make one thing clear. It doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; mean you have to be hungry all the time. Right.&nbsp; We've never said starve yourself. No. But skip&nbsp;&nbsp; breakfast or have a late lunch or even have dinner&nbsp; and have it early and don't eat till maybe 11:00&nbsp;&nbsp; the next day. These are ways to put your body in a&nbsp; state of perceived adversity at least part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; day and that has huge benefits long term. Yeah.&nbsp; Feeling a little bit hungry is not a bad thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? And actually, your body gets used to&nbsp; it. When you start out first, I will admit,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're used to eating three meals a day,&nbsp; you'll feel starving. You'll you won't be able&nbsp;&nbsp; to think. It's happened to me. But what happens&nbsp; after a couple of weeks of this uh lifestyle,&nbsp;&nbsp; you your body gets used to it. So, I don't get&nbsp; hungry in the morning now, and I I've skipped&nbsp;&nbsp; breakfast for many years. We spent a lot of time&nbsp; so far talking about diets and nutrients that we&nbsp;&nbsp; need in order to allow our eyes to do what our&nbsp; eyes are designed to do. There's something else&nbsp;&nbsp; that we need. And this comes out of the work of&nbsp; one of your friends, Dr. Zubata. Violet light, not&nbsp;&nbsp; to be confused with ultraviolet light, which we'll&nbsp; get into in a moment here. But can we talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; violet light and how important it is for our eyes?&nbsp; Yeah. So, Kazuo is a friend of mine in in Japan,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he's made some really great discoveries. One&nbsp; of the best ones, probably the most important&nbsp;&nbsp; one was just a few years ago, he discovered that&nbsp; violet light, now this is not ultraviolet light.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is we can actually see very dark purple light&nbsp; that is essential for maintaining the shape and&nbsp;&nbsp; the activity of the eye and that without it you&nbsp; get short-sidedness or myopia and he thinks and I&nbsp;&nbsp; do too that that's responsible for this sevenfold&nbsp; increase in the amount of short-sidedness across&nbsp;&nbsp; the planet because we don't go out into sunlight&nbsp; and LED screens like our computers don't produce&nbsp;&nbsp; enough violet light for our eyes to respond to.&nbsp; So the kind of light that we're getting doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; include this part of the spectrum and ergo the&nbsp; options that are evolved to receive this light&nbsp;&nbsp; and to incorporate it into our biochemistry aren't&nbsp; getting it. That's exactly right. And there was a&nbsp;&nbsp; study that first of all he did it in mice and he&nbsp; could show that mice responded well to this violet&nbsp;&nbsp; light. But he also looked at at children who had&nbsp; glasses that either blocked or let this violet&nbsp;&nbsp; light through. There was a much greater incidence&nbsp; in short-sightedness in the kids that didn't let&nbsp;&nbsp; violet light in. And Kazo did a very kind thing.&nbsp; He sent me a little USB stick that shines violet&nbsp;&nbsp; light into the kitchen, wherever you plug it in.&nbsp; And so these days, especially during winter when&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not outside a lot, and let's face it, I'm&nbsp; barely outside ever. I use this violet light and&nbsp;&nbsp; in the hopes that it's going to slow down my uh&nbsp; short decidedness and I still don't need glasses.&nbsp;&nbsp; So so far so good. But the easy answer there is go&nbsp; outside and get some violet light, right? Because&nbsp;&nbsp; that's part of the spectrum that we get from the&nbsp; sun. Yeah, just a little bit. UV is is still very&nbsp;&nbsp; damaging to the skin and the eyes in high doses,&nbsp; but a little bit goes a long way. Yeah. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's talk about that now. Let's talk about the&nbsp; things that can damage our eyes. UV is the obvious&nbsp;&nbsp; one. This doesn't mean just mean don't stare&nbsp; at the sun. That should be obvious. But we also&nbsp;&nbsp; want to avoid UV rays which can modify our lens&nbsp; proteins and cause cataracts and blurry and hazy&nbsp;&nbsp; vision. And also UV rays increase the incidence of&nbsp; eyelid cancers. Yeah. In fact, UV can cause a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of cancers of course on the skin being the most&nbsp; prevalent one. And what's happening is that the&nbsp;&nbsp; UV radiation will actually go into the cell and&nbsp; damage the DNA. You know how there's four bases of&nbsp;&nbsp; DNA which we call ACT and G. The T's actually with&nbsp; some UV will link together. So two T's together in&nbsp;&nbsp; a string will become a dimer chemically linked&nbsp; together. And now you're screwed because now&nbsp;&nbsp; the cell can't read the DNA. And there are special&nbsp; enzymes that remove those. But if they don't work&nbsp;&nbsp; well, you can actually have a mutation. And that&nbsp; is really the reason that UV causes cancer. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; so like UV melts the TE's together. Basically,&nbsp; fuses them together. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's it's&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty horrible. And I remember that when I&nbsp; go out uh and spend too long. So when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting sunburnt, that's what's happening is your&nbsp; cells detect that your DNA has been damaged and&nbsp;&nbsp; they have an inflammatory response. So your cells&nbsp; are trying to protect the cells but also kill off&nbsp;&nbsp; those cells that have been damaged so much that&nbsp; they might cause cancer. Okay. So that's sunlight.&nbsp;&nbsp; It bears mentioning because it is in the research.&nbsp; Don't look at lasers. Lasers are bad for your&nbsp;&nbsp; eyesight. They are. It's particularly dangerous&nbsp; if you have pet sharks with laser beams attached.&nbsp;&nbsp; So don't get those as pets. Like Dr. Evil. Dr.&nbsp; Evil. Yeah. Uh for the young people that haven't&nbsp;&nbsp; seen Austin Powers movies. God, there are people&nbsp; out there who haven't seen Austin Powers. No. No.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're old, dude. Oh man. One thing I've learned&nbsp; after decades of studying aging is that you simply&nbsp;&nbsp; can't consistently improve anything that you don't&nbsp; measure. Speaking of which, a few months ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; after a lot of travel and speaking engagements and&nbsp; probably too many dinners out, I realized I'd put&nbsp;&nbsp; on a few extra pounds and I could see the graph on&nbsp; my wing scale and I needed to shed a few. My goal,&nbsp;&nbsp; however, was not to simply lose weight. I wanted&nbsp; to get back to my usual body composition. Had I&nbsp;&nbsp; lost muscle? Was my visceral fat creeping up?&nbsp; What did I need to focus on? That's why I like&nbsp;&nbsp; the Wings body scan scale. It tells me much more&nbsp; than my weight. It measures body fat, muscle mass,&nbsp;&nbsp; visceral fat, and even includes an FDA cleared&nbsp; ECG. As I made a few changes to my diet and got&nbsp;&nbsp; back into my normal routine, I could actually&nbsp; watch my body fat come down while preserving my&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle. And that's far more useful than watching&nbsp; a single number on a scale. I've actually been&nbsp;&nbsp; using Wings products for well over 10 years and&nbsp; lately I've become a big fan of their watches as&nbsp;&nbsp; well. They continuously track heart rate, sleep&nbsp; activity, temperature trends, and even blood&nbsp;&nbsp; oxygen. I wear the Wings silver scan watch Nova,&nbsp; which looks a lot like an expensive diving watch,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my partner Serena wears one of the slim gold&nbsp; models. She loves that it looks like an elegant&nbsp;&nbsp; watch first and a health tracker second. Wings&nbsp; also makes one of my favorite blood pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; monitors for home use. Also a sleep analyzer that&nbsp; can help identify sleep issues and they have a&nbsp;&nbsp; smart thermometer as well. To me, that's what&nbsp; longevity is all about. Measuring what matters,&nbsp;&nbsp; making small improvements, and letting those&nbsp; improvements compound over the years. Wings&nbsp;&nbsp; makes it easy to build your own health home lab.&nbsp; So whether you're tracking your body composition,&nbsp;&nbsp; blood pressure, sleep, heart health, or activity,&nbsp; you'll have the data you need to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; whether the choices you're making are actually&nbsp; improving your health or even harming them. If&nbsp;&nbsp; you'd like to build your own health lab like&nbsp; I have, visit wings.com/lifeespan and use the&nbsp;&nbsp; code lifespan to receive 10% off. The other thing&nbsp; that you want to make sure is that if you get that&nbsp;&nbsp; damage um you want to take some NAD or at least an&nbsp; NAD booster because it was shown by Raj Abda who's&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the leading surgeons in the eye. He's at Wu&nbsp; Washington University in St. to us that if you get&nbsp;&nbsp; damage to the retina either by lasers or by other&nbsp; other stresses on the eye, raising your NAD levels&nbsp;&nbsp; really does protect the eye. And that was of a lot&nbsp; of interest to pilots, especially military pilots,&nbsp;&nbsp; who can have lasers shun straight in their eyes&nbsp; by the by the enemy. So, they're like carrying&nbsp;&nbsp; around some like NAD in their pocket just in case&nbsp; they take the laser in the eye, they can shove&nbsp;&nbsp; that down. They they might be if they've been&nbsp; reading papers, they they probably do. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; two more big ones that I want to talk about. Uh&nbsp; again, these should at this point I feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of be in the category of no duh information.&nbsp; Smoking damages retinal cells. It increases the&nbsp;&nbsp; risk of AMD and drinking. We know that alcohol&nbsp; consumption increases the risk of age- related&nbsp;&nbsp; macular degeneration as well. Yeah, smoking and&nbsp; drinking, especially smoking, that's the fastest&nbsp;&nbsp; way to to get older and you'll look older as well.&nbsp; But drinking, that's also very common. And I used&nbsp;&nbsp; to drink probably one or two glasses a day. I now&nbsp; don't drink barely ever a few times a year. One&nbsp;&nbsp; of the reasons is it damages tissues including the&nbsp; eye and particularly the brain which of course we&nbsp;&nbsp; now know is a an extension of your eye. And so for&nbsp; instance total alcohol consumption does accelerate&nbsp;&nbsp; aging. You can look at the blood, you can look at&nbsp; the eye, and even one episode of binge drinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is more than five or more drinks on the same&nbsp; occasion, was associated with a month and a half&nbsp;&nbsp; acceleration of biological aging. I wish I knew&nbsp; that in my 20s. I was just thinking about a visit&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to the University of Illinois, which&nbsp; is this enormous campus of 40,000 students,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I arrived there on the last weekend of finals&nbsp; week. And the binge drinking that was happening&nbsp;&nbsp; before my eyes was horrific. Well, we think that&nbsp; when we're young, we're immune to everything. And&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is true that if you drink a lot of alcohol&nbsp; when you're younger, it's less damaging than when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're older, but it's still damaging. We we're&nbsp; always aging even from conception and drinking&nbsp;&nbsp; when you're young will accelerate the biological&nbsp; clock. So try not to binge drink. If you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to drink, drink in moderation and try to drink,&nbsp; you know, not every day because it is known that&nbsp;&nbsp; it does damage your body and even your brain&nbsp; will be smaller at the end of the the day. So&nbsp;&nbsp; two other things to talk about here. Vegetable&nbsp; oils and animal fats. Animal fats that contain&nbsp;&nbsp; omega6 fatty acids, red and processed meat. do it&nbsp; in moderation, but it's bad for your eyes, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; Like like over time that's going to contribute to&nbsp; age related vision loss, right? And so, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are some people that they eat eat a lot of&nbsp; meat. They they love meat and it will make you&nbsp;&nbsp; feel better initially. You'll get fair amount of&nbsp; muscle. You may even lose a lot of weight being in&nbsp;&nbsp; ketosis. Longterm though, there's no evidence that&nbsp; that's a healthy diet when it comes to overall&nbsp;&nbsp; health, including your eyes. One more thing that&nbsp; comes up a lot particularly in relationship to&nbsp;&nbsp; glaucoma is ocular pressure and there are some age&nbsp; related findings about this as well. Well, there&nbsp;&nbsp; are I mean glaucoma is a disease. We also know&nbsp; that you can change the pressure of your eye in&nbsp;&nbsp; many ways. If you go bungee jumping, even if you&nbsp; sleep on the pillow with face down, it can change&nbsp;&nbsp; the pressure of your Okay. So, bungee jumping&nbsp; because you're suddenly going from like really&nbsp;&nbsp; high to really low or because when you get to the&nbsp; end of the bungee cord, like your eyes pop out of&nbsp;&nbsp; your head like a cartoon. Yeah. The second one.&nbsp; Okay. Yeah. And so what we want to do is reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; the amount of pressure in the eye. Sometimes it&nbsp; occurs naturally. This is glaucoma, but the way&nbsp;&nbsp; we live can also affect it. And there was one&nbsp; study out of South Korea I was looking at. It&nbsp;&nbsp; was only admittedly only 20 people in the study.&nbsp; But they found that people who slept face down&nbsp;&nbsp; and on certain side could increase the pressure of&nbsp; the eye which has been shown in rodents when you&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the pressure it actually ages the nerve&nbsp; cells in your eye consistent with the information&nbsp;&nbsp; theory of aging and and that's going to lead to&nbsp; eventual loss of vision. So I sleep face down and&nbsp;&nbsp; I never thought that that might be hurting my eye&nbsp; but maybe it does. So there are lots of things we&nbsp;&nbsp; can do to try to avoid getting older eyes as we&nbsp; get older and things you can take things you can&nbsp;&nbsp; uh do even the way you sleep. Okay. And&nbsp; then some things that we can't do but I&nbsp;&nbsp; still think in the realm of interesting things.&nbsp; For instance, this is my favorite one. Mice in&nbsp;&nbsp; space flight decelerated the retinal epigenetic&nbsp; clock. Really? Yeah. This is like they put these&nbsp;&nbsp; mice up in the International Space Station. They&nbsp; leave them up there for a while. They bring them&nbsp;&nbsp; down. They checked their retinal epigenetic clock&nbsp; and lo and behold, their eyes are younger. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's interesting. Maybe do they look at the&nbsp; methylation clock? Yeah, according to the study,&nbsp;&nbsp; the mouse retinas were isolated and both DNA&nbsp; methyl and transcriptton were determined by deep&nbsp;&nbsp; sequencing. There's less methylation. I wonder why&nbsp; that would be. Okay, this is not necessarily news&nbsp;&nbsp; we can use. Very few of us will ever go to space&nbsp; probably and even fewer of us will stay up there&nbsp;&nbsp; for a long enough time to observe like a long time&nbsp; period of less pressure on our eyeballs. But if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're friends with Jeff Bezos maybe Yeah. But it&nbsp; does bring up a theme which is protect your eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; from radiation pressure chemicals. The more damage&nbsp; you do to your eyes the faster they will age. Even&nbsp;&nbsp; goggles like swimming goggles. Swimming goggles.&nbsp; Yeah. That's been shown to increase the risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; glaucoma. So you want to wear face pressure.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. It's similar to the ears. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; should do an episode on on ear aging because a lot&nbsp; of people have loss of hearing as they get older.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's rarely appreciated how bad it is. And one of&nbsp; the things that accelerates hearing loss is damage&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ears. Like a rock concert. And we think I&nbsp; got a rock concert, my ears will ring a bit. Next&nbsp;&nbsp; day I'll be fine. Not true. Your your ears will&nbsp; be older because of that damage. Same for the eye.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. So, you should think we should do a show&nbsp; on ears as well. I'm listening. We're going to do&nbsp;&nbsp; one, but your jokes have to be better next time.&nbsp; [laughter] [gasps] All of this is really important&nbsp;&nbsp; for everyone. I want to I just really want to&nbsp; emphasize this. This is not just information for&nbsp;&nbsp; people who are genetically predisposed to diseases&nbsp; of the eyes. If you are susceptible though, these&nbsp;&nbsp; principles are doubly important. So, as we also&nbsp; often say on this program, it really is important&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand your genome, get sequenced, and&nbsp; then consider testing for the early signs of&nbsp;&nbsp; these conditions because if you are susceptible to&nbsp; them, it's even more important to do all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; things to be protective and not to do things that&nbsp; are damaging your eyes. Yeah, we live in an age&nbsp;&nbsp; where you can get your genome analyzed either, you&nbsp; know, for a few hundred bucks or a few thousand.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can do it at shallow or deep sequencing and it&nbsp; can tell you if you have susceptibility to retinal&nbsp;&nbsp; damage or you might get a AMD macular degeneration&nbsp; or even retinitis mic pigmentotosa. The good news&nbsp;&nbsp; about those diseases now is particularly retinitis&nbsp; pigmentotosa is that you can get a drug that cures&nbsp;&nbsp; your genetic defect. In the case of the RP65&nbsp; mutation that runs in families, Luxerna is a&nbsp;&nbsp; drug. It's actually a gene therapy from Spark&nbsp; Therapeutics. Gene Bennett and her colleagues,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it was just a few years ago, got&nbsp; permission to sell a drug that cures that genetic&nbsp;&nbsp; disease. That's Lexa in 2017. Yep. And it's the&nbsp; same technology actually we're working with Jean's&nbsp;&nbsp; advice with the AAV with the AAV to deliver the&nbsp; Yamanaka factors. This is the domesticated virus,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Yeah. So you you inject it into the eye&nbsp; just once and we've engineered our virus to turn&nbsp;&nbsp; on and off with an antibiotic doxycycline. Well,&nbsp; let's explain the lerna thing because they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; delivering the OSK genes. They're delivering&nbsp; basically the healthy variant of the gene that&nbsp;&nbsp; people with this disease do not have. Right? So&nbsp; that's stage one gene therapy, right? Replace what&nbsp;&nbsp; you what's missing. The next stage is to knock&nbsp; out or change the composition of genes. Treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; for cle cell anemia was approved by the FDA using&nbsp; crisper technology. the technology that allows us&nbsp;&nbsp; to go in and change individual bases and chemical&nbsp; letters on the DNA. That's stage two. Stage three&nbsp;&nbsp; will be what we're doing, which is going in and&nbsp; changing actually the behavior of the cells. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that uh that seems to be very effective not just&nbsp; in one particular disease but across many. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that's really the gold standard. The gold&nbsp; standard is ultimately going to be reprogramming.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. And what we're doing now, which we published&nbsp; one paper on, is chemical reprogramming. So&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of gene therapy, which is what's going&nbsp; to be our first clinical trial, we hope that with&nbsp;&nbsp; just a pill, take it for a month, you'll get your&nbsp; eyesight back. And that's likely because of the&nbsp;&nbsp; trajectory of the research and stuff that's come&nbsp; out of your lab and decisions that were made by&nbsp;&nbsp; your people in your lab, it's likely that what&nbsp; we're going to see is reprogramming of the eye&nbsp;&nbsp; first and then ultimately the entire body. So&nbsp; if you're watching the trajectory of how this&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to come into human lives, eye is probably&nbsp; ahead of most other things. Right. Right. Cuz eyes&nbsp;&nbsp; are a very good place to start. They're a little&nbsp; sack of liquid. Right. If you were to choose a&nbsp;&nbsp; place that's safe to inject something like gene&nbsp; therapy, a sack of liquid is pretty good. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what your eye is. And that's why we started&nbsp; with the eye. But it doesn't mean that this same&nbsp;&nbsp; therapy won't work for the brain, for the liver,&nbsp; the kidney, and eventually the whole body.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's a study that showed that this age reversal&nbsp; technology that we co-developed reverses aging in&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole body of a mouse. And now those mice that&nbsp; were very old when they were treated, 25 months,&nbsp;&nbsp; the remaining lifespan was an additional 109%.&nbsp; So reversal of aging isn't just for the eye,&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to work across the entire body of animals,&nbsp; too. Oh, we should keep an eye out for that. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; Matt, you know, we should look for it. Uh, yeah.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. I guess we'll see. Matt, I think&nbsp;&nbsp; that's enough. You and your puns. [laughter]&nbsp; Good conversation today. Thank you so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel like when we started talking about this&nbsp; subject, you and I a few weeks ago said, "Hey,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's do an episode on aging of the eye." And this&nbsp; has happened to us a few times now. We go like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oo, is there enough to have a conversation&nbsp; about?" And then there's almost too much to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a conversation about. Yeah. I thought today was&nbsp; really good. We got a lot of take-home messages&nbsp;&nbsp; about what people can do now, even if they're&nbsp; young, to make sure that they are able to see&nbsp;&nbsp; later in life. And I wish I had this information&nbsp; when I was young, cuz I probably have even better&nbsp;&nbsp; eyesight now. So, even if you're in your 70s,&nbsp; maybe 80s, you should start now. It's never too&nbsp;&nbsp; early to start protecting your eye, turning&nbsp; on longevity genes, eating the right foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; and taking these supplements that we believe can&nbsp; protect the eye longterm. It's been great to have&nbsp;&nbsp; you with us. This is a show where science and&nbsp; evidence come first. The team works hundreds of&nbsp;&nbsp; hours to bring you only the facts. To learn more&nbsp; and to join our community, visit lifespan.com and&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll get early access to future episodes, to the&nbsp; Lifespan magazine, and to detailed episode show&nbsp;&nbsp; notes. You also get transcripts and links to the&nbsp; papers that we talked about today. As a member,&nbsp;&nbsp; you'll actually be helping us support medical&nbsp; research to extend all of our healthy lives.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you found this episode valuable, do consider&nbsp; subscribing and also turn on your notifications&nbsp;&nbsp; so you don't miss new episodes. It'll also help us&nbsp; make a better show for you. And feel free to share&nbsp;&nbsp; this episode with any family or friends who you&nbsp; think might enjoy it and learn from it. Finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; for the latest discoveries in longevity science,&nbsp; consider following us on Instagram at lifespan&nbsp;&nbsp; and onx at join lifespan. From all of us at&nbsp; Lifespan, thank you for being part of this&nbsp;&nbsp; growing community. And remember, life's short, so&nbsp; let's change that together. Lifespan is produced&nbsp;&nbsp; by Andrew the Wonderman, Ying, Rajie, Geek Me&nbsp; Out, Romesh, Marissa, who's on first Vulgore,&nbsp;&nbsp; Kathleen, TLDDR, Fitzgerald, [music] and our&nbsp; researchers, Shivani, just one more thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; Sethi, and Adiv, Meet Me in the year 3000,&nbsp; Johnson. Also, I want to mention our new recruit,&nbsp;&nbsp; Daniel Rocket Man Salazar, who's our new&nbsp; producer. And of course, Serena, my honeypoon.&nbsp;&nbsp; I also want to thank Inspirro Studio and Create&nbsp; Ape for making this show possible. And finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks to our partners for helping us support&nbsp; Longevity Research. We'll see you next time. This show is forformational purposes only and is&nbsp; not medical advice. Please consult a qualified&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare provider as individual results&nbsp; may vary. Views expressed are my own and not&nbsp;&nbsp; those of Harvard University or Harvard Medical&nbsp; School. Full disclaimer is in the show notes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LegendGrant-s4t [64 likes]: We spend our whole lives trying to get ahead without realizing the rules were written to keep us exactly where we are. The c oncept of the domesticated mind in the book The Silent Dominion by D. Cross is the truest thing I've ever read. It explains everything from our financial systems to our biological reactions to screens. Honestly, read this book if you value your own free will.
  2. @phire72 [1 likes]: Amazing Progress David.. Full speed ahead!! The whole world is counting on you..
  3. @Patrick1985McMahon [1 likes]: Cells never lose the data of being young. If that were true, then old people giving birth to a child would never work. DNA holds its data. Aging is just parts of the DNA being turned on or off when they shouldn't be.
  4. @FullMetalNobody [1 likes]: And it's probably gonna cost 10k, first born, a kidney and oath of servitude for each dose. 🤷
  5. @chrisf1600 [1 likes]: I'll start taking this anti-ageing stuff seriously when scientists figure out a way to stop hair turning grey. Compared to vision or skin, or any other part of our bodies, surely that's an easy one to solve ? I've been hearing we're on the verge of radical life extension for 30 years now.
  6. @johnperrybarlowdeclaration4702 [1 likes]: I live in Seattle but I want to be part of a study like this
  7. @simonefigueiredo1334: Eyes are not the worst, because there’s no pain. What about joints? That’s a hard one to live with! Hormonal changes is another difficult one. I hope one day science will fix this all.
  8. @davidbell3478: Badass!
  9. @Max-zv1bu: 28:18 ER100 update bookmark
  10. @meowsticks2258: Here from moonshots channel love your story and the future, cant wait to see where this grows ❤❤
  11. @Max-zv1bu: Rods and Cones, Vitreous Humour, I vaguely remember from highschool Biology.
  12. @appsenence9244: Showing the direction of your eyes is not a detriment to hunting prey hahahaha omg... Some of the things you guys said... I mean, do you think a prey is going "oh no that tiger is looking right past me, not at me, pheew". ROFL
  13. @MoCstst: Immortality is inevitable. Laws of physics don’t prohibit immortality. It’s an engineering problem fighting entropy.
  14. @Evnflw1: This guy can't wait to be the world's first vampire
  15. @cloudcoinmillions689: Would a 100 yo that took reversal syrup grow into bobayaga from star wars
  16. @oCyberSerenityo: 10 years before anything is god enough, 10 years for the wealthy to get it first, 10 after that until we get the temu version of it.
  17. @Debi-w9u: Thank you for sharing this valuable information.
  18. @colemancalgary5260: What about reversing heart disease?
  19. @CraigAnderson-h2h: The single worst thing we could do is to increase life spans. Japan is a good example of what
happens when a population has too many elderly people and not enough young ones. The
economy turns into a stagnant pond as medical cost balloon and productivity declines.
  20. @joshbruce8167: Many people through history would be jealous of you and us. Here's to a (extra) long life well lived! 😊

- How Ketosis Affects Health and Longevity: Expert Insights from Isabella Cooper, PhD: Kind: captions Language: en-US It's not just ketones that begets health. What those ketones are made from, you know, the molecules that make up your body, they really do matter. So if you're drinking soybean oil and canola oil and eating, you know, pea protein isolate and soybean protein isolate, I don't actually think, you know, no matter how high your ketones are, I don’t think it’s going to turn out into a health outcome. PhD researcher, Isabella Cooper has some fascinating studies looking at ketosis coming in and out of ketosis and what it means for your health and how that might impact longevity. She also ties in the evolutionary component and also likes to study, you know, what happens with women who are menstruating, the hormonal aspects all of these fascinating aspects of ketone research she's on the cutting edge of. So let's hear what Isabella Cooper has to say about all these really interesting topics. Welcome to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group, transforming the study and treatment of mental disorders by exploring the connection between metabolism and brain health. Thank you for joining us on this journey. So as you heard in the intro Isabella Cooper is a PhD researcher in a lot of this discussion, she does get pretty technical. Her mind is a treasure trove of ketosis and the biochemistry and the health impact. So some parts do get a little dense and scientific, but hang in there because it's well worth it throughout the whole journey. Also, she's from the UK so she talks about millimoles per liter when it comes to glucose. So just so you know, when she says five for glucose, that's equivalent to 90 milligrams per deciliter, or six is equivalent to 108 and seven is 126. So you might need that reference if you're US based throughout this discussion. So with that primer, let's get on with this interview with Dr. Isabella Cooper. Well Dr. Isabella Cooper thank you so much for joining me today. - Thank you for having me. - Yeah, it's a pleasure. I mean, I'm so excited to talk to you about your papers. You've had a series of publications out recently about I guess you could say this intersection of ketosis and longevity and is it healthy and evolutionary perspectives. And so I want to get into all of that. But first, you know, you're a PhD researcher, but what led you to sort of focus on ketosis, hyperinsulinemia? What brought you to this area of research? - I guess my first real dive into the science of what begets health or can harm health came from being a mother. Literally, you know, once I was pregnant with my first child and then thereafter, you just start to pay a lot more attention to things, of course because you're responsible for another human. And so my very first foray wasn't actually food, it was endocrine disruptors. And so it is a different area, but that led me on into all the other things that can mess with your whole endocrine system. And when we talk about metabolic health and insulin and ketones, well, insulin is part of the endocrine system. It's the hormonal system. And so what we knock out, you know, knock out of whack so to speak, how that subsequently harms our health. And so with young children, it was all about nappies or in America, I think you call them diapers, and the exposure to, to dioxins and how that can affect the endocrine system. So that sort of kickstarted it and then of course it moved straight into the foods. What food should I feed my babies and as they grew up. And I really, I, you know, I think many people would start off with things like, you know, I don't know, you know, sort of acidic or alkaline diets or, you know, eat right for your type, your blood type and all these sort of things. And for me it was always sort of well, how can I believe what I'm reading? How can I trust that person? What's the mechanism of action? Like, literally what's the mechanism? You should be able to work out some mechanisms that make sense and then there should be an evolutionary context behind it as well. And so essentially it really was to me, you know, well clearly I need to go right back to school and do biochemistry and study this properly. So I ended up going there and then I very, very quickly honed in on, you know, we know that you'll hear things like diabetes or obesity increase the risk of all these chronic diseases of aging. And at the same time, those chronic diseases of aging cardiovascular, Alzheimer's, cancer, they're occurring earlier and earlier in, you know, by the decade even. And so that is an indicator to me that obviously it's very largely lifestyle factor driven. And then the other aspect is, well, if obesity and type two diabetes has a strong predictor for these diseases, then they must have a very common root origin something that's causing them all. And I went very quickly in biochemistry to the subcellular level and I saw this common theme amongst all of them. It was mitochondria that being hugely dysregulated. And then, you know, I pretty much throughout all my studies always looked at things in terms of well, how are the mitochondria affected and what role is insulin playing in this? And so that's sort of how I came up with my thesis in the end in terms of, you know well insulin, you know, too much insulin chronically over time is really harmful for mitochondria. And you, it's a very life essential molecule, but essentially too much of it it acts as an aging hormone really. And it is the molecule that controls ketones. And obviously I got into all the stuff about ketones as well. And that sort of led me to this whole world of hyperinsulinemia and ketosis. And then in that world, you know, it's a bit of a hot topic not the hot topic, the word ketosis ketogenic can really upset quite a lot of people. Yeah. So, yeah, that's sort of, you know, where brought me into the hardcore science of it. - Yeah. From diapers to ketones, what a journey. I can see the title of a book "From Diapers to Ketones" or something like that. But so in your research you've been very active about looking at I guess you could say markers of longevity, right? Because when we talk about longevity research, is ketosis safe for, you know, decades? Is it going to improve longevity? It's so hard to prove that because you need a 50 year study to have clinical outcomes and that's obviously not going to happen. So we have to measure surrogate outcomes and pick ones that we think are representative and can help answer or at least inform that question. So what are some of the markers that you've chosen to study that you think sort of help inform that question of is ketosis safe long term? - So yeah, we can't do, well we could do a whole of life human study, but that would require multiple human researchers to track, you know, obviously humans over time, which we should. So, because we don't want to just look at an old cohort against a young cohort. We want to see the individual persons and their change over time in their lifespan with as much information as possible. So we have that in animal studies. And the way to ensure, so let's say confidence in animal studies is having multiple different types of animals. So from dogs, cats, monkeys all the way down to C. elegans worms and drosophila flies all the way down to yeast. And so, but if we look at animal studies, multicellular animals, then the best studies for longevity with health, remember, you know, living longer with disease is not what we want. We want to live longer with health. And so these studies caloric restriction definitely resulted in better outcomes. But what was measured inside of the caloric restriction is that caloric restriction inherently lowers insulin and increases ketones. So in these kind of studies where there's been caloric restriction with an addition of ketones on top or you know, chloric restriction with being in ketosis a ketogenic diet per se, they had an even greater effect on the longevity of these different species. And we're talking quite significant differences here, you know, anywhere between a hundred percent increase, so doubling, all the way through to, you know, 1.3. So 30% to 40% increase in lifespan with healthspan. So reduction in decline in aging, biological aging. So you know, disease and just frailty in general. So not having disease per se, but your capacity to do things. This was in animal studies, a whole variety of animal studies. So it's common theme across these very, very different types of animals and insects. So with that then obviously hyperinsulinemia is insulin and then looking at IGF-1. So there's lots of really great publications out there on insulin and IGF-1 showing that they are the most strongly associated with morbidity and mortality. So earlier disease and subsequently earlier death essentially. So those are the two that I'm very, very interested in. But of course there's a bunch of factors that when it comes to blood testing that you have to take into account such as insulin has a circadian 24 hour rhythm, it has an ultradian, which is like 180 minutes plus or minus a bit and a pulsatile rhythm. So this means that, you know, as it's doing this big 24 hour change, it's got this every sort of two, three hour change and then on top of it a change that's going on every five minutes. So if you're just testing insulin, there's a chance you can be catching it at the trough of the trough of the trough. So it can have this, this sort of 10, you know, micro-unit difference, if not even more. So let's say you capture insulin at nine or 10, it could actually be 20, you know, the international unit, micro international unit. So hence you really want to measure a multitude of strong markers associated with morbidity first and foremost because morbidity is going to decrease your lifespan highly likely statistically speaking. And so with that is obviously the leptin, but also things like, you know, GGT, Gamma-glutamyl transferase, liver markers, essentially very particular ones are much more sensitive. IGF-1 is regulated by the liver and regulated by insulin. Another one is leptin. Very, very strong marker. And we have a paper that's in draft right now for that that's very interesting. But our previous publication showed the huge change that we had in leptin. - Yeah, so let's talk about leptin for a second. I'm sorry to interrupt but I'm not sure if everybody really understands leptin. So we talked about insulin, insulin-like growth factor, but leptin, you know, we think about has to do with like hunger, right? And satiety and so so how does leptin feed into being sort of a longevity or a health span of a molecule? - Yeah, so you know, it's also commonly known as the adipokine, produced by the adipocytes. And you know, if you think that leptin is like to do with satiety, you would therefore think well great, more leptin, I'd be more full. So that's a good thing, right? But it's not, just like insulin. We need very little of it, but we need to be super sensitive to it. And you know, where you have a situation in life where you're constantly signaling leptin and insulin over time, you know, it's like your kids constantly screaming at you or you are screaming at your kids to come to the dinner table. They start not listening to you. It's exactly the same with the hormones. The cells start to not listen for particular things, let's say. However, that's for satiety. So you can see there's a relationship with hyperleptinemia longer term over time. It's not working for the for satiety regulation unfortunately. So there's a resistance to that signal. However, leptin does a bunch of other things that your body doesn't become resistant to. That is things like producing estrogen and increasing... increasing the gene protein product aromatase, which helps produce more estrogen, increasing things like vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF, which you know, these are indicated in breast cancer as an example, ovarian cancer, these sort of things. So chronically elevated leptin and you know, we are not even talking outside of the reference range because the reference ranges are far too broad. And so, you know, having a look at your insulin, having a look at your leptin and your IGF-1 if they are moving in an upward trend year to year, that is not a good sign. Because it's, we always hear this thing, oh it's just part of aging. Oh it's just part of aging. No, it's actually lifestyle, you know? And so you don't want to be seeing these numbers going up year on and year in. So if you see them going up, there's something you need to change in your lifestyle. If they're staying the same and they're on the lower ends of the reference ranges, then you're doing fine, you know. But leptin yeah, it's quite, it's a very interesting one. So we had in our last publication we had leptin, we showed it in that paper. - Let's talk about the publication because it was so fascinating. So you took 10 healthy women who were in ketosis for, I think it was like up to four years or average of around four years. They were continually in ketosis and you took them out of ketosis and measured what changed. And then what was, I think 21 days and then they went back into ketosis and measured what changed again. So a really interesting experiment to say what happens when you come out of ketosis and then when you go back into ketosis. So with that experiment what did you find? What were some of the main takeaways? - Yeah, because you know, a lot of people say that you know, long-term ketosis chronic ketosis is really bad for you. Aside from the fact that they say, you know, it's not sustainable clearly with this cohort, very sustainable. And they say it's bad for you in the sense that well if you restrict carbohydrates you are going to become carbohydrate intolerant. You know, you could say the same if I if you stop drinking alcohol, you're going to get drunk easier when you do drink a bit of alcohol this is probably true. And temporary intolerance doesn't necessarily mean it's disease giving in that temporary short time that you would have it. But it was interesting to want to investigate, well let's first have a look at the baseline of long-term keto people who have never had disease. Because really we've studied relatively well people who have disease who have then gone into ketosis and what they look like from that. But we don't really know what does long-term ketosis look like in a so-called modern western world rather than just studying, you know, tribes and things like that. So you know, and, and it's not fasting per se, which is quite an intensive thing to do. And obviously you can't sustain over a very long period of time unless you start off being morbidly obese. So, you know, this is what we wanted to answer. And also we were very fortunate that all of these ladies with quite an age spread from 18 to 37 or 38, none of them were on hormonal birth control. Which is really important because, you know, we looking at growth factors and hormones and all these things. And so it's quite important to understand physiology in its natural context. So a lot of studies that are in females there's very high exposure of, you know, the obviously birth control hormones, things like that. And unfortunately other kind of other kind of medications like antidepressants and these sort of things are going to interact and change things inadvertently in a study. So we also didn't tie in the study according to menstrual cycle 'cause we couldn't because of the way the phases were structured, but that actually gave us something else, which was, when you look at all our data, they were normally distributed with incredibly tight standard deviation, which actually indicates how strong these markers are and how strong the intervention, you know the phenotype of being in sustained ketosis versus out also is. So we saw metabolic flexibility. All our participants stayed within the under, under 25 BMI like very under. So, you know, even out of ketosis for 21 days there was weight gain of which half of that weight gain was water, water weight, all of the weight gain was lost. But the average weight gain, I think it was like, you know, two, two and a half kilos of which at least one and a half to two would've been water. And they all lost it immediately after they went straight back to baseline. And you know, with that we saw early markers that change that, you know some things you would think would change but, but didn't actually change. And so things like TNF alpha, CRP people would think to look for these things because we want to understand what's changing first. Because if, you always hear from people, well it's inflammation that causes insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. So we didn't see anything with regards to CRP, we didn't see anything with TNF alpha, we didn't see anything in any of the interleukins. So therefore all of those markers given that we saw this huge change in insulin, we saw a huge change in GGT, we saw a huge change in leptin. You can't say that those kind of inflammatory markers were first movers and therefore causing the change. Right? - Right. So you saw the insulin resistance changes without the inflammatory marker. So there's something else as the causative effect. - Exactly. Now that doesn't mean inflammation cannot cause insulin resistance, right? It's just that in the general scheme, over time if we consider that there are a lot of people who are trying to live healthily, whether it is well-informed in terms of carbohydrate restriction and non high processed foods, we, you know, we're going to see change over time where you would see insulin resistance hyperinsulinemia which essentially are one in one in the same thing really. Although insulin resistance is considered to be where you cannot regulate blood glucose into the euglycemia range, right? So this is why I often, so first and foremost if you're staying in the euglycemic range and some people say that's a cutoff of 5.5 to 5.6 millimoles of glucose, then you are not insulin resistance as long as your glucose is staying in that range. So you can be hyperinsulinemic but your insulin is inside of the reference range. So you are really in some sort of subclinical occult level that's actually keeping glucose in this perfect looking number and can be quite misled to think that well if I take a fasting blood glucose, I'm perfectly healthy, you know, HBA1C can be looking really good for 15, 20 years because the insulin's been keeping it looking really good too. So you can miss all of these, you know, earlier phases where you want to do an some sort of lifestyle intervention or be aware of it much earlier. And ultimately in terms of the clinical world it's going to, you know, we know that doctors are pressed for time, but ultimately a blood test and getting a blood test panel is going to take less time than going for an MRI, a CT scan. You know, biopsies, any of these things are, are much more time intensive, resource intensive and expensive. So we want to know what are all those early markers that really they, I mean when you see in our trial they significantly changed, you know, these markers really significantly. Again, they were all inside So you'll go, so what it's inside the reference range. Well if it moved 50% to 70% upwards in the reference range in 21 days well, how about 21 years? You know, and the fact that they all came back to their baseline shows how much lifestyle can affect these markers. And given that, you know, we look at some studies and we understand insulin is predictive for this hyperinsulinemia. HOMA-IR is predictive for these disease GGT predictive for these disease, you know, leptin predictive for these disease. Well how about in our study we got all of them, we saw them all move in that direction and we were able to bring them all back once they went back into a lifestyle that didn't suppress ketogenesis, - Right? Yeah. So I mean you bring up so many fascinating points there that they were still within the normal range. So pushback would be, well, is that truly reflective of a disease process? And I mean you bring up such a good point, there was 21 days and so what's going to happen down the road? You know, you couldn't do a 20 year study, but it's clearly a move towards higher insulin, higher IGF-1, you know, resistance to those. So something you definitely do not want long term. And so interesting that they came right back into the normal range because like you said, there's always this question, well it this is insulin resistance. Keto gives you insulin resistance, but really it doesn't because it's not pathologic, right? It's not the pathologic insulin resistance, it's just we're using the same framework of interpreting the blood test as if you're eating high carb or if you're eating keto. We, and we can't do that. So, so that's my little soapbox. But anyway, - Well it's also because that idea of insulin resistance is understood in the context of just glucose regulation. That's it, right? And so what's been shown quite nicely is the fact that where glucose is not being taken up, you know, mainly by muscle cells, let's say and therefore one would say you're insulin resistant, that's only resistant to insulin getting that glucose out of the bloodstream. It's not, the rest of your body is not resistant to the insulin and everything else it does. And it's actually quite arguable that insulin's primary job is not regulating blood glucose. That is an acute job for an emergency situation. So whether it's because you know, you decided to eat a whole load of honey or you know, come across a very stressful event that you know, whether you're evolutionary running from danger and you have a spike in blood glucose, then you know insulin's going to come into action again. So, you know, if you accept that restricting carbohydrate to one's personal threshold, the threshold being that doesn't suppress ketogenesis, then you start to understand insulin has this whole other job that's really actually what its real job is, which is regulating growth and division, things like that because we know, no insulin is equally dangerous, it's pathologically dangerous, we see this in type one diabetics. So insulin makes sure that we can grow our muscles, make sure we can have body fat, remember our body fat stores fat soluble vitamins for the winter of times of fasting where we can't find food to be able to become pregnant and have a baby and be able to nurse that baby. So insulin's incredibly important for growth and division, but as we know in the pathological condition, growth and division can be super dangerous. So that's in the case of cancer, you know, it's uncontrolled growth and division and insulin is going on in the background constantly stimulating that pathway whilst glucose is providing the food at the same time. So, you know, it's unfortunate that insulin resistance is only understood in the context of poor glucose regulation. Of course we want healthy glucose regulation, but you see insulin is not the only thing that regulates glucose uptake. Glucose, first of all, every cell in your body that requires glucose can take up a fair amount of glucose without insulin completely. You know, although again, like I said, we're not talking about situation with no insulin so, you know, they can take up, this is using the glut one receptors, there are other hormones that also sensitize cells to insulin and taking up glucose without insulin that would be osteocalcin from your bones. So osteocalcin significantly affects muscle cells ability and adipocytes to take up glucose without insulin. But with insulin it actually potentiates insulin, which means the less insulin you have, but with osteocalcin there that insulin's going to do a better job, which is insulin sensitivity. So less can do more, which means you're not getting it the overstimulation of growth and division. - Yeah, that's so interesting. I was curious why you checked osteocalcin in your study, but that makes a lot of sense. But so the way you phrase it, I think is perfectly summed up as it's a necessary beneficial evolutionary process that just in our current, you know, lifestyle environment becomes pathologic. Which brings to the question about the, you know, evolution I think is so interesting and, and you've done so much work in this area that people will say, well we evolved, we were always in ketosis. And somebody say, well maybe we weren't always in ketosis, but maybe we're in and out of ketosis. And then someone will say, yeah, but then there are populations like the Inuit who are not in ketosis. So doesn't that mean it's unhealthy. So I know this is an incredibly broad topic with without like a clear question I'm even asking, but like how do you see this whole concept of evolution? Was, is ketosis evolutionarily healthy and necessary and how do we relate that to our modern day society, which is nothing like the, the lifestyle and the, and the societies that we evolved in? - Yeah, yeah. So well, you know, we've got a cohort of research that's in nutritional and therapeutic ketosis. Now the reasons for this clearly is because we are looking at properly diseased cohorts and then suddenly we start to see the need for being in therapeutic levels. So this is very high levels of ketones versus people who don't have disease, never have disease. How necessary is it to be in nutritional and therapeutic levels of ketosis? It's definitely arguable in actual fact because there's not a lot that has to be fixed you could say Additionally to that fact, when we look at the Inuit and certainly we're going to see regional areas where we have adaptations to our environment. So with the Inuit, we have to go back to where the Inuit are obviously not interacting so much with the West and trading goods and then therefore eating Western foods. So if we go back to them, they, you know, the sort of, if we go back to the Stefansson sort of studies and things like that, the Inuit were essentially eating pemmican for about six months of the year, about three months of the year then it was fish and then the remainder was anything between, actually they had one month of the year that was eggs and this wasn't mixed up food. It was like that's all you had for that period of time. And then some blubber. So you know, we could argue this is a very ketogenic diet in a lot of people. So why wouldn't the Inuit producing high levels of ketones? Now, first of all, they're not producing no ketones. Although, you know, you just ask why, how can I substantiate that? because they wouldn't have been testing it back then. It wouldn't have the capacity the way that we have to test it. Well, one of the things we know is that in pregnancy the inability to produce ketones is fatal for the developing fetus. They actually, they require ketones. So there, there's a level at which we are producing ketones that we don't detect on a home meter, that's for certain. And the fact that the brain, in order to produce the cholesterol, it actually doesn't draw the cholesterol from the bloodstream. It takes in the ketones and turns this into cholesterol. And so the, you know, it's arguable that the Inuit we're producing ketones just not at this therapeutic level. And your liver as well uses ketones. We always hear the liver doesn't use ketones, it doesn't use ketones for energy, but it does use ketones as the process of cholesterol synthesis. So you know, quite often, again, you may not be seeing in your bloodstream. Again, another thing to take into account is what you measure in your bloodstream is not necessarily, you know, your actual ketone level production per se. You can have someone who's an amazing ketone ketone user, then you're not going to see it inside of the bloodstream. So we've yet to actually tease that out. It might be that they're producing the ketones, but they're using them up prolifically. So we don't actually know in that regards. Then there's another argument which is, you know, if you are superb at producing ketones and you can't use them, what are you going to do with them? You are going to pee them out. You're going to pee them out and breathe them out. That's actually highly inefficient, in actual fact. Now if you have disease it makes sense because you want to get all the epigenetic signaling of that huge flood of ketones plus all the antioxidant effects that ketones will have to detox to improve mitochondrial function. There's a huge argument. Plus you're working to drive down the growth factors, which are basically coming with the elevated insulin. And so the ketones act as a proxy marker that you're getting the insulin down with the growth factors down and that you're getting blood glucose going down as well, blood glucose down with the presence of the high level of ketones, of course not a low blood glucose with no ketones, which wouldn't be safe. So, you know, again, the context of the desire to be in therapeutic ketosis in high levels should be health condition specific in actual fact. So when we look at subsets of populations like the Inuit, are they actually producing a lot of ketones? How do we determine that? Are they consuming what they're producing so efficiently that we can't measure it in the bloodstream? Or are they also preserving so as not to overproduce the ketones because you know, they need to store more, it's better for them. Maybe they don't have access to certain foods as much. We're studying a modern population these days when it comes to being able to use biochemical methods of testing. So we're not really studying, you know, old school, old fashioned indigenous Inuit either. So it's hard to really be able to make, you know, absolute claims. So we need to put it into an evolutionary context really. - Yeah, so it's clear when we talk about evolution and try and relate it to modern day society, there are so many different steps and so many things to consider. But I think maybe a just a way to phrase it is, you know, we're talking about ketosis and longevity and is it safe, is there any evidence or any concern that it isn't? Like why is the burden of proof to say that it is safe? If it is something that we've been in and out of through evolution, like why do we have to prove that? Where's the concern or the evidence that it's not safe to be in ketosis long term? - Yeah, it's true. I think that probably stemmed more than anything else from, you know, when we started measuring and understanding ketones, it was in the presence of type one diabetic ketoacidosis, right? And so it's very unfortunate because still to this day we see papers where, you know, there'll be talking about ketoacidosis with a elevated glucose, which is, you know, in the six and seven range, which is, you know, it definitely is hypoglycemia, but it's not in the diabetic, type one diabetic range. And then the presence of ketones. So they'll be like, oh you know, your blood glucose is 5.9 or 6.5 and you've got ketones at one, so you have ketoacidosis, which is not true. Ketoacidosis is three factors. And the third factor, it's a triad. The third factor is bicarb of the blood, the buffering, the bicarb of the blood and that to be below 18. So if you're seeing it trending at 20, then you know, you start to pay attention to it. So diabetic ketoacidosis is not just elevated glucose and ketones, and also again, diabetic ketoacidosis is when the ketones are, you know, in double digits and so is the glucose. But because of that, because the medical world under understood ketones, under the ketoacidosis context, it was viewed as pathological. So therefore everything thereafter with regards to ketones and ketosis is therefore pathological unfortunately. And so it sort of made it so that, well if we hear anything about ketogenic diet, being in ketosis, you have to prove that it's safe. And of course we've got the other paradigm which is that saturated fat and fat is bad for you. And so therein lies the problem that, you know, a ketogenic diet is inherently high in fat, isn't it? And so that's another battle. And there there are studies, there are studies, animal studies, but there are studies that are showing, you know, putting animals into ketosis and these animals have resulted in cancer and then people will go with, see you got cancer in these animals because they were in ketosis. But you have to always consider every single study with regards to ketosis or anything else as well, is it a species appropriate diet? So when you see with rat studies and animal studies that they get cancer when they're in ketosis, then you have to investigate, well what was the fat that they used, what was the protein they used? Was this appropriate for this animal? You know, if you're going to feed a bunch of mice, canola oil, soybean oil, soybean protein isolate, are these species appropriate foods? No. So this is why I always say to people, it's not just ketones that begets health. I don't think it's going to turn out into a health outcome. - Yeah. That is such an important perspective that it's just not black and white. Ketosis or not, but how you get there. And really points out the difficulty of taking, you know, rodent studies, animal studies and extrapolating the findings to humans. And that's why we have to do the human studies, like you said, species appropriate diet. And you started this whole conversation talking about caloric restriction in animals. And I think that's such an interesting topic because it's an animal in a cage, it's only going to eat what you give it. It can't go down to the 7-11 and buy a bag of chips, right? It can't DoorDash food, right? It is not the same environment. We have to consider that environment. So when people calorie restrict, some people can do it very well and some people are going to be hungry and miserable and have cravings and binge and have the opposite effect. So I guess this ties into a conversation we had offline where you said you really do like to do these trials in people who self-select rather than sort of forcing something upon them. So tell us about your rationale for that, because I think it's so important with how we interpret, you know, the gold standard randomized control trial or the non-randomized trial. How does this fit into what we know about science and how it relates to us as human beings? - Yeah, well you know, it's funny because with drug trials it, and not just drug trials, but in general medical practice when drugs are prescribed, a doctor will often say, well, you know, adherence matters. So if the patient doesn't adhere, of course it's not going to work. And that's going to be exactly the same as lifestyle adherence matters, you know. So, what governs adherence? Tolerability. Of course it's very obvious. So you know, just as much as if you take someone who enjoys a vegan high carb diet and you put them on a carnivore high fat diet, they're probably going to be miserable. You know, equally, if you are, you know, you particularly like Indian cuisine and I force you to go on a Mediterranean Italian cuisine, you might be miserable too. So it really, really matters that you do, you know, food is important, not just as a nourishment and, and to indicate on, you know, affect our health. It's part of our culture, it's part of our lifestyle. We get, you know, what's called a "Madeleine de Proust" when we eat dishes that bring us back to our childhood, all of these sort of things. So it's really important that each participant is able to, you know, incorporate the diet that suits their palate and lifestyle as a result. And so with our trial, that's what we looked at. We took women who already had been in ketosis for years and they had figured out what works for them. Because again, in ketosis trials quite often it's controlled. You are all going to get, you know, a set amount of calories based on your body weight. We're going to do it all isocalorically, we're going to control, you know, the type of fat that you're having, the type of protein that you're having, a lot of things, or it's just a shake. And then the problem is here, it's possible this person needs more protein, it's possible this person is responsive to a different type of protein. It's possible this person, you know, cheese works really well for them and this person cheese doesn't work well for them. We found this within our own participants that some could have yogurt and cheese and you know, have high ketones and others it just would flatten their ketones altogether. I tell you the more interesting one was broccolini. Broccolini, which occurs a lot in ketosis dishes with some participants where it would really halve if not more their ketones. So in terms of a ketosis trial, you also need to understand that things have to be teased out that enable the individual person to produce a certain target level of ketones. So we've got a number of problems here because there's a lot of keto trials that just consider reaching a threshold but not anything above that. So it'll be, you know, the cutoff will be above 0.3 or is above 0.5 for nutritional ketosis. Now if we're talking about something like cancer as a study, if everyone reaches 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, you'd consider it compliance, they're in ketosis. But it's arguable whether it's going to be therapeutic enough to make a difference. Plus if you're measuring that in the morning, it's got the highest rate of false positives because if you produce 0.7, 0.8 in the morning, even quite often type two diabetic obese people produce that because they've slept for eight hours, seven or eight hours not eating their dinner two hours beforehand. So there's essentially a 10 to 12 hour fast and then they're measuring this morning fasting ketones. So studies that are only measuring morning fasting ketones are going to result in a fair amount of participants likely not in ketosis during the trial. And then you look at the final results and the data and you wonder how come there's not a strong statistical significant difference. This is why in our trial we had all our participants measuring four times a day. When you wake up, before you go to sleep. Before dinner, lunchtime, and dinnertime, whether you have lunch or dinner or not. And roughly always three hours minimum after a meal. So that you are, the test is having as little interaction with the meal as possible. And so of course sometimes if you have dinner late, you're going to go to bed two hours after we factored that in. But essentially, so each participant in our trial took 252 tests over the course of the trial. So that's a lot of tests but that really lets you know compliance that really lets you know if the day is supporting ketogenesis for the individual because if you control the meals, some people can have fiber in their diet, still produce ketones, other people fiber in the diet, they cannot produce ketones. So it's really important for it to be teased out for the individual participant and then therefore testing through the day, they can then also fine tune and with women their ketogenic, you know, to be able produce ketones are going to be affected by their monthly cycle as well. So again, those things are going to have to be teased out and worked out for the individual participants. And so, you know, this is why we sort of covered all of these things and why it was necessary inside of our trial in the hopes that future studies in diseased cohorts, they look back at our study and go, okay, so we clearly need to do more testing through the day, but if there's a budget issue, which test would you do? You do the between 4:00 to 6:00 PM where it's at least three hours after lunch and it's before dinner because this one has the least chance of being the false positive of the morning, number one to assess compliance. But also because if you've got breakfast and lunch or any kind of drink in between or things like that. And then the reading is more likely to drop if the lifestyle is not properly supportive of ketogenesis. So we're going to get less of those false positives in studies, which is obviously much better. - Yeah, that's such a fascinating point and it's a question we get a lot here. Like, when should I check my ketones? When should I check my ketones? And I mean there are a number of ways to answer that. One is, well what are you trying to measure? Like why do you want to be in ketosis and why is that important? And are you checking, you know, do you want to know the impact your meal has on your ketones or is it about your whole day? So there are different things, but I love that answer. The, if there's one time you have to check that 4:00 to 6:00 PM because that does tell you sort of like your whole day, which is really important. And I mean this is where, you know, a continuous ketone monitor or a CKM could be incredibly beneficial and those are in their infancy. They're not nearly as widespread as CGMs but hopefully that will come out soon and be more widely available, at least for research because that's where it could be so important for a research study. So you don't have to prick your finger four times a day, but that's impressive that you got your subjects to do it four times a day. That's really good. - Yeah, we had 99 plus percent compliance. - That's amazing. That's amazing. Well and like you said, self-selected, very motivated population. Yeah. - Completely. Now if you think about it in a trial, if you have people self-selecting into, you know, a ketogenic supportive lifestyle, but you also have people who are self-selecting into non-ketogenic supportive lifestyle you therefore equalized the self-selection. So, you know, in that respect, it's you're still getting the correct representation when people say, oh yeah, but how come, maybe it's just because they like the, you know, it's a bias to that group. It's like the other one's biased to that group too, so it can work perfectly fine. - Yeah, interesting, interesting. You brought up another fascinating point I want to circle back to which is women in their menstrual cycle. Because so much of the studies, if it's done in men or women over age 60, you sort of exclude this whole very important physiologic phenomenon and you know, some women say, I just feel terrible at certain points of my cycle when I'm in ketosis, so I do want to eat more carbs. Some women don't have that finding. So I'm curious, since you have been studying this age group of women, what do you find sort of most impactful about the menstrual cycle and how it changes either ketosis or, you know, someone's need for carbs or cravings for carbs or what have you found around that? - So we have data that we haven't analyzed in these sort of things. So everything I say on this, you know, has obviously not been statistically analyzed, but it was very, very interesting. So the commentary of when they were out of ketosis was I think it was, I wanted to eat everything but the kitchen sink and so, you know, which kind of makes sense in terms of if you are already eating carbohydrates, this is obviously going to affect leptin, leptin resistance, satiety, these things. But also, because you know, we had in our study we measured GLP-1 as well and GLP-1 is related to gastric emptying, you know, so as well as the fact that a GLP-1 signals the GLP-1 receptor and this receptor is also sensitive to osteocalcin, osteocalcin also regulates GLP-1. There's all these interactions which are really interesting. And you know, like GLP-1 is always studied in the context of, you know, wanting to, it's been triggered because of carbohydrate, right? It's a bolus trigger. But in actual fact you can see in our study that being in ketosis significantly increased the GLP-1 levels. And so for satiety, this is very, very important if your background or the markers that indicate better satiety so one of them will be gastric emptying. Of course, if your tummy's full, you are less likely to feel hungry, aren't you? And so if you have a slowing down of gastric emptying then that's going to affect satiety. We know this with the current drugs that you know, are GLP-1 agonists. Now the difference is you know, what if you're having slowing of gastric emptying it's probably going to matter what's in your stomach if it's staying there for a long time. And so therein lies the difference is if you consider a ketogenic diet that is more slanted towards low fiber as well then you know, we are really talking about protein and fat at this point. And so protein and fat, you know, they're going to be worked on in the lower part of the stomach. You do want the many more hours of it broken down, small amounts to be released at a strong stomach pH level. Whereas if you think if you have a high fiber diet, then you, you know, it is still being held in the stomach, small amounts are being released but because it's high fiber, the pH is going much higher. So it is not an alkaline value, it's an acid value, but it's going to be some of the way between pH 3.5 to 5.5. Now this is going to affect cholecystokinin. Cholecystokinin in the small intestines is regulating bile synthesis which means also the emptying of the spleen, synthesis of taurine put into the bile and then the gallbladder to release this bile into the intestines to maximize the uptake of the fat soluble vitamins and essential fatty acids, as well as stimulate the cholecystokinin stimulate the pancreas as well to release all the pancreatic enzymes which are going to be working on, you know, digesting the proteins so you can absorb them. As well as both of these, the bile and the pancreatic enzymes subsequently changing the pH of the small intestines so that the enzymes are working at their optimum as well as the correct microbiome is then going to reside in that location. So you can see how they all work together. So something with regards to slowing gastric emptying this evolutionarily would be beneficial as well. Because why? Well we didn't used to have three meals a day. You know, refrigeration is quite a young new technology really, and we wouldn't We could even could potentially go for days without food in fact. And so what food you would have, you would want to maximally absorb as much of the nutrients as possible in actual fact. So you'd want it to slow down and you want to grab everything you possibly can as early as possible. So, anyway, being in ketosis we saw the higher levels of GLP-1, we saw the lower levels of leptin and that corresponded to satiety for our female participants. And that changed when they were suppressing ketosis. And one of the comments that they all made, they were actually not out of ketosis in the morning until six days into the intervention to suppress ketosis. And if they ever went longer than four hours of not eating three and a half, four hours, they were back into ketosis even in phase two. And, but one of the things that they all commented on was waking up in the morning with their stomach growling and it was really interesting. They, the body was telling them, okay, I'm used to it now and you know, I need to have some food. So they felt that and they definitely noticed even out of ketosis, they still wanted to eat more at a particular time of their cycle but it was much less strong that signal in that regard. And of course that's very helpful. - Yeah, yeah. I got to take a breath after that explanation though, that was a tour de force of like the inner relationship, how everything's connected in the biochemistry of all those. That was fascinating and really helpful that you're studying this population because I think it is a very understudied age group. So, super helpful to understand all that. Now, one last point I want to touch on with you is you mentioned you have also some mental health data maybe that it hasn't also been evaluated as much, but I'm curious where you've seen the mental health signal in your studies and what you've looked at. - Yeah, so you know, again, the caveat that this is a self-selecting population. They chose this lifestyle and when they were suppressing ketosis we basically had our participants do the WHO and the NHS mental health questionnaire because they were validated already. And then we did another questionnaire, which was not a validated questionnaire, but we asked everything we thought we could possibly ask that would be of interest so that we just collected this data and our participants, you know, they were super healthy so we didn't expect to see, you know hugely negative changes. So they were, their focus was just as good. They weren't fatigued, none of these sort of things. But they just, there was a shift to the negative side on things. That's what they really did see. They saw a shift on slightly easier to be agitated, things like this. And, you know, so that was actually quite interesting just that one there. So, you know, it wasn't like this huge, oh my god, they became really depressed because it's again, in this cohort, it's not reasonable, but you would think about it evolutionarily we're opportunistic. In the past if we saw a bunch of, you know, delicious berries or you know, honey availability, we would certainly eat it. You know, and many of us historically evolved near the equator, so there definitely were yes, high fibrous fruits, but there were fruits and so it doesn't make sense evolutionarily that we would have suddenly become so depressed and so ill, if we did, you know, a season of autumn of eating some fruits and having essentially suppressing ketosis as a result. But you could see inside of our data there was this absolute shift towards not being in the best mood, things like this, having a slightly shorter temper, less patience, these sort of things. It was very interesting. So, but we have to analyze data - That is fascinating. I look forward to seeing that data. Well, my goodness, this has been a wonderful discussion, so many details, but the but also bringing it back to sort of the person, the patient and again, you sort of talked about how it's so important for researchers to understand the individual and how this impacts people's lives and how it impacts their families. And so I just want to say thank you for the work you're doing and also for adding the human aspect to that. So thank you very much. - Yeah, no, my pleasure, my pleasure. We're all trying to do our bit, right? So it's, you know, well I think that once you have this kind of level of knowledge or the capacity to learn this stuff, it puts us in a position where I would say if you can, you know, an obligation to try to make a difference, try to make a change because none of us will not have a family member affected by any of these diseases. And so it's really, really imperative that we get on top of it and you know it's not only our direct family members it's our society at large, you know, so yeah. Being involved with people, not just looking at papers and numbers keeps it really, really real. And we have to do that. - Well, I'm sure after this interview, because you're such a fascinating individual, people are going to want to follow you and learn more about you. So where can we direct them to go to learn more about you? - So my... I have a website which is called Forever Young Group, and it's my research group who are amazing. None of this research could happen without them. It's a lot of work. And so that's at foreveryounggroup.com and on my publications would be my email as well. And on Twitter it's @i_mitochondria and Facebook is @bellamitochondria. - Wonderful, wonderful. Well thank you again for joining us and hopefully we'll talk to you again soon. - Brilliant. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saraha6237 [8 likes]: OMG what a level of depth and nuance. Thank you so much for having Isabella Cooper. On a high level, I believe I can follow, but wonder what I can bring from that into my kitchen and life. Such a high degree of individuality. Does her study have insights into what these women were eating?
I did strict therapeutic keto to help heal from a TBI, over the course of 2 years. My brain and nerves loved it, yet the rest of myself (otherwise healthy female) took a toll, especially in the second year. Now having more protein, and thus negligible ketones, but the rebuilding in progress feels great. Will try to find a middle ground. Thanks for the helpful information!
  2. @kcchan8507 [7 likes]: I don’t test my keto level very often, as I can tell from my body temperature, just a feeling that my body is generating heat then I am in ketosis
  3. @DB-su5qp [2 likes]: Its mindblowing that Isabella was born with a profound hearing impairment.
  4. @abcd2025-w2w [1 likes]: Well she explained why I don’t feel hungry when I’m in ketosis.  I thought it was all in my head 😂.
  5. @rafaelbustamante4768 [1 likes]: I think the lady lost the point or ignores the main longevity markers, avoid picks of glucose and avoid inflamation...all comes down to the Keto diet.
  6. @pmccord9 [1 likes]: Whew, very challenging, empowering information. Thanks. I'm taking my "n of one" project more seriously.
  7. @iwayned [1 likes]: Autophagy
  8. @markSolway: I need Isabella round my house for dinner , then we can discuss these ketones further.
  9. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: i think low carb 100 or less a day can get you similar results
  10. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: I've heard that you need carbs to make progesterone, which happens the week or so before you start... So, I notice I'll be much hungrier.  Listen to your body... I'm low carb not keto... Works fine for me... listen to your body.. expirement.
  11. @NischaP-q7p: Wonderful important work!!
  12. @dou40006: I commented more than a year ago on one of her interviews that her approach on nutrition based on the study of a few biochemical reactions was inherently flawed because the problems is that there are literally thousands of biochemical reactions in our body. Her flawed approach has been exposed thanks to a very recent study showing that regular consumption of melatonin was increasing the risk of heart disease. In one of her interviews, she claimed that melatonin would be the only supplements she would keep because of its super antioxidant properties.
  13. @RainerMaelger: Vielen Dank für diese wichtigen Informationen
  14. @feelgoodcs: I really enjoyed this interview. Thank you to both of you. We need you both x
  15. @ronaldlenz5745: WOW! Great guest and interview.
  16. @melznutz3313: Ketosis has my autoimmune issues at bay.  Likely caused by leaky gut from years of bad diet and meds. 
Listen wisely ❤
  17. @iwayned: I wish she had mentioned Autophy.
  18. @Roberto-cg2gr: Like and share
  19. @him-hk7ii: Leptin not hunger it is Ghrelin
  20. @peterbedford2610: Anti keto groups talk about CVD and cancer. How valid are these warnings??

- Does this slow ageing in humans  - Dr Matt Kaeberlein ageing expert: Kind: captions Language: en well Dr cine is at the Forefront of an exciting area of research in medicine and that is the area of Aging he has published over 200 papers on Aging biology over the last few decades and he even has his own company optis span which we can talk about a little more later on now having researched your work and listened to a few of your interviews and watched a few of your clips on YouTube I've heard you use one term over and over again and I have to say I love the term it's reactive disease care can you explain what you mean by this in the context of 20th century medicine and what you propose modern medicine should be concerned with sure so so that phrase reactive disease care is really meant to refer to the fact that um certainly over the last 50 years and I would suggest even 150 years our approach to health has really been focused on individual diseases in isolation and that's true not only in the medical clinical Community but it's also true in the way pharmaceutical drugs are developed it's also true in the way that basic biomedical research occurs really the focus is on individual diseases and we can all name the common killers in developed countries cancer dementia heart disease kidney disease we can go down the list but when you think about the way that medical professionals are trained or researchers are trained in general it's with a focus on thinking about a specific disease and usually the emphasis is on reacting to the disease and what I mean by that is we typically wait until somebody gets sick before we do something about it and then we try to cure the disease and that's where the pharmaceutical development and research comes in really most of it is aimed at curing individual diseases just think about the war on cancer right that's a great example of how uh a very large fraction of the biomedical research effort in the United States was targeted towards an individual disease today sort of a similar situation is in place with Alzheimer's disease more than half of the budget of the National Institute on Aging is targeted directly towards Alzheimer's disease now why is that important there's really two reasons one is I think we would all agree that it would be better to keep people healthy rather than keep people sick so if we could be proactive and prevent these diseases and functional declines from happening or at least delay them that would be a much better situation than waiting until people are sick before we try to do something about it it's sort of like the difference between a a preventative maintenance versus a repair shop mentality the other reason why it's important is that all of these functional declines and diseases or at least most of them that are uh the major causes of death and disability in developed countries have at their root a single greatest risk factor and that's the biology of aging and so there actually is a path towards preventing or delaying these diseases by understanding that biology of aging and targeting it directly there are two terms that if we can can we Define them today and as much as we can a health span and lifespan how do they differ yeah so lifespan's easy so let's start with that one there's really no ambiguity about what we mean it's the length of time from birth till death um and and that's that's I mean that's nice in a sense because we can measure it right it's very quantitative Health span is is is more tricky and I've sort of gravitated away from the idea that Health span is really something that we can measure at this point so conceptually Health span is is pretty easy right it's the period of life that's spent high functioning in good health the challenge with that is is those are qualitative terms high functioning good health they're going to mean different things to different people we don't have an agreed on way to measure Health span so the reason why I'm making this point is Health Span in my view really is not quantitative meaning we don't have a way to measure it and and that's important because you'll hear people talk about how they have shown that if they do something or take some drug they can extend health span from a purely scientific statistical mathematical perspective that's not true anytime anybody says they have shown that they can extend health span that's not true because in order to statistically show that you can increase or decrease something you have to be able to measure it and we can't measure healthspan so what is a good way to think about healthspan I think I would sort of frame it as the period of Life spent high functioning but I would also say maybe we need to move away from the idea that Health span is something that we can measure recognize that health is not binary what I mean by that is you don't go from having good health one day to to having no Health the next day health is sort of a continuous variable and we could think of it if you just think of it on a scale from like zero to 100 when you're young you're probably pretty close to 100 you know I I think most of us through our teenage years feel pretty bulletproof in our early early 20s and then over time Health gradually declines as we get older but it's not it's not a linear function it's not a monotonically decreasing function your health can go up and down you may start exercising regularly and your health will improve and so I think it's useful to think of Health as a sort of continuous variable and I'm going to get a little bit a little bit mathematic so I I apologize in advance if this is a little hard for people to follow but if you think about a graph of this sort of health value as a function of age maybe a better metric of Health span is the area under that curve right so the longer you maintain High Health the better your health span is over your entire life then we can start to get toward something that we can measure so I just think it's important for people to appreciate Health span is really useful as a concept right we all want to increase the period of our life that's spent in good health we just have to be careful when we talk about measuring Health span you gave a very very interesting statistic recently that if you were able to cure heart disease and all forms of cancer you would only give the average person an extra seven years of life because inevitably they would succumb to other eggs related disease that was quite astonishing for me to learn yeah so first of all I'll say that really wasn't my work that and I think originally was done by a professor named J shansky Who's a demographer and and some of his colleagues and that was based really on data collected by the United States Center for Disease Control which is very um they're very good at at at telling and collecting information about what people die from at least in the United States and what Jay did was a pretty smart and pretty mathematically simple exercise which was to Simply ask the question if we take out all the cancer deaths what does that do to the life expectancy of a typical 50-year-old woman in the United States and it turns out she gets about three years of added life expectancy it's about the same for heart disease a little bit more but but not much and then when you take both cancer and heart disease out of the equation it ends up being about seven years and I agree with you the first time I saw that data I was kind of surprised as well I I I thought that the effect particularly from cancer would be bigger and and intuitively you would actually expect heart disease to be bigger because it's a it's it's it's a a higher frequency of deaths or due to heart disease but because there's been so much emphasis on curing cancer for so long and I I alluded to the war war on cancer earlier 50 years of this you know dedicated effort to cure cancer but it turns out at the population level the impact is relatively small I do want to say one thing that's really important here curing individual cancers is really really important if you have a loved one a wife a mother a father a child who has cancer you want that cancer cured I'm not at all trying to minimize the importance of curing individual diseases in individual people I just think it's really important to recognize that the population level the impact of this sort of disease first disease focused approach is much smaller than people typically recognize and it's for exactly the the reason you mentioned it's because even if we take cancer out or we take heart disease out you still have all of these other age related diseases and functional declines that continue to increase exponentially as as we get older so if cancer doesn't get you and heart disease doesn't get you Alzheimer's disease might or influenza or coid 19 now or kidney disease and we can go down the list those things continue to increase exponential so that the absolute magnitude of effect is relatively small I've heard some people in this space talk about aging itself being a disease now is that too reductive is it inaccurate is it too crude again I think this is where definitions really become important and so it really it kind of depends on what definition of disease you want to use I tend to actually think that question is counterproductive or at least answering that question is counterproductive not because it's not important to think about AG is something that we can modify this is I think the important point the biology of Aging is something that can be modified that's what people need to understand the reason why this emphasis on do we call aging a disease has become more popular is because there is this I think misplaced belief that if we Define aging as a as a disease suddenly the regulatory bodies like the US FDA are going to start approving drugs to Target aging that's not how FDA works and unfortunately well fortun actually I think I think it would be a mistake at this point but I think that's where this argument kind of comes in but the problem is as soon as you start asking that question there are many people who immediately have a negative visceral reaction to calling aging a disease right because then suddenly we're saying no matter what your health status is once you reach a certain age you're sick and I think that's I think that's the wrong way to think about it so so my view is let's not worry so much about whether we call aging a disease or not let's worry about what are the things that we can measure the functional declines that go along with aging the biomarkers we can actually measure that we think have some predictive value for future health outcomes then those are quite useful for clinical trials where you could get FDA or other regulatory bodies to approve an intervention to Target the biology of Aging it doesn't really matter from that perspective whether we call aging a disease or not and so I think I think it's probably better not to worry about that there there are more important things that we could be worrying about you mentioned biological and biomarkers for aging there what are they yeah so I mean in principle uh a biomarker of Aging is anything you can measure that changes in a predictive way with chronological age okay and I'm going to I'm going to make that explicit point so we're just talking about your number of birthdays and there are lots of them so you know people tend to think when we start talking about biomarkers of Aging that that suddenly we are talking about molecular measures or cellular measures it doesn't have to be it turns out you can actually make pretty predictive chronological aging clocks just by facial Imaging so people have shown that if you take pictures of enough people that artificial intelligence can actually pick out features of those pictures and with high Precision tell you how old that person is within a couple of years now intuitively that actually makes a lot of sense right we all know we can kind of look at somebody and you know with some level of precision guess how old they are and of course artificial intelligence can do it better than most humans can so so that that's a biomarker of Aging that collection of facial features that are predictive of how many birthdays you've had the more inter but but you can get molecular measures and so really it's just anything you can measure that's predictive for for age now the more interesting question potentially is can we identify biomarkers of biological aging and this is where it's important to appreciate that your biological age doesn't necessarily have to equal your chronological age so if you accept which I do and I think everybody should because it's pretty much proven now that there is a biology of Aging then you should also understand that the rate at which an individual is aging biologically isn't necessarily going to be the same across all individuals some people will be aging biologically more quickly some people will be aging biologically more slowly so biological age doesn't necessarily have to equal chronological age the number of birthdays you've had and the question is can we find biomarkers there that are more predictive of biological age than chronological age and the answer is yes and there's been a lot of progress made in this space I think it's a little bit early yet for those what people are now calling biological age clocks because they're not useful at this point meaning there is you can go you can go there's a bunch of companies out there selling biological age tests and you can go take one of these and you can get a number that says your biological age is I don't know 37 but you're really 48 okay great that's fantastic what do you do about it or the other way around you're 58 when you're when you're chronologically 48 what do you do about it there's no real actionable information from these tests right now they're also not useful at predicting future health outcomes at this point it can't tell you okay you're very likely to get cancer in the next five years or heart disease in the next seven years so there of limited utility at this point and the science is still very early and I think it's a little bit unfortunate that there's been this rush to selling biological age clocks this direct to Consumer rush because it's confused a lot of people and and the science is still very immature in this space um and the other thing I'll say about the consumer biological age clocks if you're buying your biological age test from a company that's also trying to sell you a supplement run away very very quickly I do not trust those companies yes you've been very critical about people and about companies taking advantage of the lack of knowledge in this particular age related space can you tell us exactly where our current knowledge stands as far as aging is concerned for sure yeah that's a tough question because I could I could probably go on for an hour uh trying to answer that so let me see if I can give you is just some bullet points I think number one which I've already alluded to there is a biology of Aging okay and we understand it to some extent so um uh within the field if you go to any scientific conference you'll see this slide that shows these things called the Hallmarks of aging and like half the talks somebody will show that well all the Hallmarks of Aging are are 12 evolutionarily conserved processes or mechanisms that seem to be fundamentally important for determining the rate of biolog iCal aging across animals or within individuals and the fact that these things exist that we can put names to to the Hallmarks of Aging they're things like T limier shortening cellular inessence mitochondrial dysfunction I could I could probably name 10 of them I don't know if I could get all 12 but the fact that we understand the biology of Aging enough to put names to these things um is important because that means that now in principle we can develop targeted Therapeutics that modify the Hallmarks of Aging so there is a biology of Aging we're starting to understand it we've got some ways to measure it that's where these biological aging clocks come in it's still early but we're getting there and we know about a variety of different interventions that can modify the Hallmarks of Aging that can at least in laboratory animals slow down or speed up the rate at which the animals are aging and when we do that we see the expected changes in lifespan and health span metrics so if we use a drug like rapamycin which is one of the drugs that I've studied extensively that has been shown to slow aging across every animal where it's been tested at least in the laboratory and when we treat animals with Romy we can make them live longer we can increase average lifespan across the population maximum lifespan across the population and we can see improvements and function in pretty much every tissue and organ in the body which is what we would expect if we've really slowed the aging process so so that's important so that's kind of the state of the field right now we know we can do this in laboratory animals we can achieve you know with Romy up to about a 30% 25 to 30% increase in lifespan consistently um what we don't know yet is how easy that's going to be to translate into the real world so the other thing I would say is we know that that at least the Hallmarks of Aging are important for biological Aging in humans and in companion animals pet dogs pet cats as well as livestock living in the real world so we know the same mechanisms or at least some of them are at play what we don't know yet is whether these interventions like rap ay will have the same effects outside of the laboratory as they do in the laboratory and there's a variety of reasons for that Laboratories are obviously very different environments and so it's really important to answer that question and that's kind of where we're at there are there are now a lot of companies that have um started up within the last three four years in the longevity space that are starting to try to take some of these discoveries from the basic research world and bring them to Market and go through the regulatory process there's also the direct to Consumer Rush that I already alluded to um uh and so we'll find out I think in the next 5 10 years at least for the first generation of what I would call geroscience interventions interventions that Target the biology of Aging we'll find out do these things seem to work comparably in the real world as to what we've seen in the laboratory rapid is fascinating though because it's not new it's been around what about 15 or so years and I suppose people listening to this now and listening to you saying that mice can benefit from a 30% increase in their lifespan they'll probably ask why isn't this being used on humans yeah so I mean Rapa M's actually been around for a lot longer than that I think it was first discovered in the 70s on Easter Island that's where the drug gets its name rapanui um and it Rapa M has a super interesting history to it so if people are interested definitely encourage you to like Google history of Rapa M it's really fascinating I don't have time to to go through the whole thing but um after a series of of twists and turns about 20 years of sort of you know languishing in in in research uh limbo uh rapy started being developed as an organ transplant drug so what people would call an immunosuppressant that's actually how it was first approved by the FDA was to prevent uh kidney transplant rejection so so that led to it being sort of characterized and cataloged as an immune suppressant and it was developed in parallel with some other much more potent uh immunosuppress and so it sort of got a bad reputation because of that developmental track that it went down so it was used exclusively in the clinic um as an organ transplant drug where there are some side effects in that patient population who are also always taking other immunosuppressants and so it got sort of a bad clinical reputation from the way it was developed and approved it's since been approved for multiple other um indications including some rare forms of cancer uh use in cardiac stance um and some diseases that are specific specific to the the the protein that rapy inhibits which is called mtor um so it's been approved for four or five different indications and I'm and just for clarity so that if people want to complain they they they'll understand that that I'm being I'm simplifying there are other drugs in the same um family is rap ayon that are called rapalogs and I'm sort of looping lumping those all together biochemically they work exactly the same way so I think that's that's fair in any case um so we know a lot about rapy use in people but it's almost always in the context of this unique patient population who've had an organ transplant and are taking other immunosuppressants the reason why that's important is is because um I think what we're learning now is that in people taking Ramy who aren't organ transplant patients who aren't taking other immunosuppressants the side effect profile is much much reduced and it's almost I in my view almost non-existent I'm not going to say there's no side effects but the side effects of rapy are much lower than than the vast majority again this is my opinion at least of other drugs that are that are out there taken pharmaceutically and actually many over-the-counter medications but you asked why aren't we all taking rap ay I think there's two reasons one is we don't actually know yet whether it's going to have the same effects in people for the biology of Aging um and number two this reputation problem so it's got a blackbox warning from FDA because of its use as an organ transplant drug so the perceived risk of Romy I believe is much higher than the actual risk of rapy and so I think that's going to have to be overcome before even if we find out that Rapa you know has these fantastic effects on the biology of Aging Health span metrics potentially lifespan even um that reputation is going to have to be overcome and that's going to take a while how many years extra years could rapid meon give an average middle-aged person for example yeah so I mean again I want to be very careful and say we don't we don't know first of all that it's going to do that and secondly if it does we don't really have any evidence that it's going to be sort of a linear extrapolation so so what I mean by that is mice on average will live about three three and a half years in the laboratory so you could say you know mice are about 25 aging 25 to 30 fold more rapidly than people are okay um so if we just take that magnitude of rap ayon effect in mice that's been seen and I'll just give a simple example so in my lab uh we published a paper back in 2016 where we gave mice Rapa M for 12 weeks from 20 to 23 months of age so that's about the mouse equivalent of a 65y old person we gave them rapidmon for 12 weeks and then we stopped the treatment and we saw an increase in lifespan of I think it was about 150 days it was about a 60% increase in life expectancy from the end of the treatment if you do a straight linear extrapolation that 50-year-old woman we were talking about before where you get three years from Cur curing cancer just a straight linear extrapolation would be about two decades from that kind of rapy treatment so again my intuition is it's not going to be a linear extrapolation it'll probably be less than that but that's that's what the math tells us if if it were the case that it worked as well in people as it does in mice from a sort of um rate of Aging perspective and in a typical seven-year-old mid to large siiz dog we're probably talking a couple of years so again you know fairly significant increases in life expectancy are possible um again my intuition is that the life span effect will probably be smaller but I think the health span effect might actually be bigger and again that's total speculation I have I have almost zero data to back it up but that's my intuition you have plenty of data when it comes to torine deficiency as a driver of anti-aging I want to or as a driver of Aging I should say I want to talk to you about torine and about supplements in general yeah sure so the touring story really I have to say is not primarily my work I my my lab and I played a very small role in this study but the what this paper that was published fairly recently showed was that in in multiple different organisms um including mice and some data from non-human primates and some data from humans actually um with age there seems to be a decrease in the availability of torine in circulation in in the body and torine is a an amino acid sulfur-based amino acid um so so then the question when and that happens with lot of things I think this is important for people to appreciate there are lots and lots of things that show a change with age and you can again we talked about facial features but when you look at metabolites in the blood there are a lot of things that change with age so torine is just one of them the question then becomes is that change that we see with age in this case a decline in torine important for the aging process or diseases of Aging or functional declines that go along with aging and the way you test that is you try to fix that change so that it doesn't happen or that you restore the normal levels and you ask does that do anything to lifespan or healthspan metrics and in the case of torine it did and that's what makes it so interesting so you could supplement mice with torine and see that they lived longer and they seem to live healthier so basically you're restoring the levels of torine back to what they would be in a young animal and you see you get some changes in the aging process that looks like you've made things better and again there was some evidence in non-human primates not lifespan but but some health span metrics um to suggest that this may actually be true in in Prim Ates which of course non-human primates are closer to people than mice are so that's kind of the state of the the story at this point we don't really know whether or not supplementing with torine in say dogs or cats or people would have similar benefits torine is kind of nice because unlike the case we talked about with rap ayon there really isn't much in the way of safety concerns for taking toine supplements so I'm not recommending the people do it personally I'm not taking torine but the downsides are are pretty minimal there's probably not much risk to taking a torine supplement I think what we need to do next is is actually start to figure out you know is it the case in general in people that there's a decline in the availability of torine with age are there certain people that might be more likely to benefit from torine supplementation than other people and get at least some small clinical trials to give us an idea that you know again we're not going to look at lifespan but you can look at some of these biomarkers of Aging some functional measures of Aging to assess whether or not torine supplementation can improve age related functions in in people but I'm pretty excited about about this um this observation I think there's a lot of potential there and like I said touring is nice because you don't have so much in the way of concerns about about risk um I also want to add I think this is an area where again there's a bit of bit of confusion maybe is is not exactly the right word um but a a bit of sloppy thinking in this area around supplements and the idea that all supplements because they're not regulated by the FDA are therefore safe there's a long history of things that have been marketed as supplements that were not regulated by FDA and then we found out that they were harmful and then FDA started regulating them so I would just caution people not to assume that everything you can buy over the counter or on Amazon or or whatever without a prescription is necessarily going to be safe and and in general I think I know it's hard because it's hard to get good information um but but trying to do sort of a a R reward analysis for yourself when you're thinking about all the things that you're trying to do for your own personal health really try to think about a risk reward analysis for yourself and you know balance the appropriate risk with the appropriate reward well from supplementation then to nutrition and diet I listened to your interview with Peter Atia another medic and very well-known podcaster in this space and you talked at length about nutrition and about um anti-aging diets can you give us your thoughts on this sure so again I think it's really important to um separate what we know from laboratory animals from what we think we know from Human studies so in laboratory mice caloric restriction has been I would say the gold standard longevity intervention for many many decades this was first shown in the 1930s in rats that you could extend lifespan by caloric restriction um or protein restriction um and then since that's since been studied you know for the last 90 years uh in laborat rodents so that's the gold standard caloric restriction um the thing that often doesn't get talked about with caloric restriction is it turns out that there are there's some percentage of genetic backgrounds that don't show a lifespan extension from caloric restriction and there's some percentage that are actually shortened their lifespan they're harmed by caloric restrictions so you will often see it presented in the popular media and there are some scientists who unfortunately have written books on this presented as if caloric restriction is you know always this this thing that we should strive for because it slows age the reality is there are certain genotypes in mice whose lifespan is shortened by caloric restriction and I am 100% certain there are certain genotypes and people who will be harmed by caloric restriction so people should just be aware of that and we don't really understand the mechanisms there which means we can't really predict which mice or which people are going to be the ones that are harmed so that's one thing to appreciate the other thing to appreciate is there has been in the last 10 years or so this um enthusiasm about what I would call alternative anti-aging diets alternatives to caloric restriction because honestly who wants to restrict their calories by 50% or 30% even um so things like intermittent fasting time-restricted feeding ketogenic diet um so the data there in laboratory animals is mixed so ketogenic diet has a small positive effect on lifespan but it's not very big um intermittent fasting when you don't calorically restrict essentially does nothing to lifespan it at best it's a tiny effect and what I mean by that is you can intermittent fast let's just again let's think about people because it's easy you could fast two days a week right that would be intermittent fasting um if you make up the calories you aren't eating on those two days of the week on the other five days of the week that would be isocaloric intermittent fasting that does nothing for lifespan and mice it probably does little to nothing for healthspan this is where things get misrepresented if you also calorically restrict the mice you get a lifespan benefit in certain genotypes so keep useful for people to understand that and then time-restricted feeding very little evidence in mice that it has beneficial effects um it's mixed at best and no life span benefit so the question is what about people and here's where we just don't have enough data right you can find some evidence in the epidemiology that caloric restriction might be associated with relatively small effects on life expectancy the best example of this or one of the best examples are the okan Japanese which historically ate about 15 I think percent fewer calories than Mainland Japanese they also had some differences in the composition of the diet which makes it harder to tease apart but um but they typically lived you know five to eight years longer than Mainland Japanese and so one interpretation might be it was the coloric Restriction effect that led to that life expectancy difference um so so that's kind of the best data we've got or those those kinds of data I I think there's no question and here so here's sort of my takeaway okay let me simplify now I gave you lot of data let me simplify my takeaway is that um if you are obese that clearly puts you at higher risk for a whole bunch of age related diseases and it probably accelerates your biological aging process if you are obese caloric restriction in general is probably going to be beneficial as long as you're eating a healthy diet right so we have to be careful of of malnutrition and things like that but as long as you're getting all of your nutrients that you need in your obese or overweight um caloric restriction is probably beneficial is that the same as what we see in myON caloric restriction in terms of longevity I don't know we don't have an answer to that and that's what the human clinical trials on caloric restriction have generally showed if you take an obese or overweight population you put them on caloric restriction their biomarkers go in the right direction and meaning that they appear to be healthier and appear to be potentially aging biologically at a slower rate we don't know in healthy weight people whether caloric restriction would have the same effects and my concern is that there's a people are complicated right we're way more complicated than mice uh including our social environment our psychological uh State the the relationship with food that that's that's complicated there um so I worry and I've known a lot of people who've dabbled with a bunch of these anti-aging diets and I've seen several of them develop characteristics that I would associate as a non-expert with eating disorders and so I do worry that there are side effects in people to these what I would call more extreme dietary regimens that you need just need to be aware of right I'm not saying caloric restriction isn't right for you I'm not saying the ketogenic diet isn't right for you it might be but you just need to be aware that a lot of these things the psychological consequences we can't model in laboratory animals so we don't really know what the impact is the LA I know I've gone on a while but the last thing I'll say about this because I think also it's important in people and we don't look at this in mice and and mice are very different in this regard is the ability to maintain body composition in particular lean mass with age so we don't really look at sarcopenia so much in mice because they don't really develop sarcopenia to the extent that rats even do or certainly not to the extent that people do with aging um and I have real concerns with coloric restriction and some of these other uh nutritional strategies that are aimed at at limiting calories that unless people also Implement some sort of resistance training protocol you're going to see a pretty significant decline in lean mass and in fact we often see with people that undergo weight loss an overall negative change in body composition so what I mean by that is that there when you when you lose weight very rapidly you're going to lose fat mass for sure but you're also going to lose lean mass um particularly if you're not doing something to maintain lean mass and I think potentially that's a problem as people are getting older because we know that the ability to maintain lean body mass and bone density which also can be imp Ed by caloric restriction sort of fundamentally important um in elderly elderly people right uh Falls and fractures are are really a major problem and and and actually a major killer and so I think it's important to just be aware that if you're going to be doing something like caloric restriction intermittent fasting or these glp1 agonists these uh anti diabetes drugs that are now being used for obesity that that that there's some thought put towards maintaining lean mass maintaining bone mineral density and I think think at least for now uh resistance training is the best strategy to do that in combination with these efforts to to lose weight terrific so resistance training as opposed to let's say aerobic or cardio exercis right exactly yeah and I mean the data are pretty clear um that resistance training so weight training um uh is more effective than cardiovascular training for building and maintaining lean mass and then also bone mineral density which which which I sort of I I didn't talk about it as as you know to the extent that probably I should have because that's equally important if not more important than lean mass the challenge with bone mineral density is that it's it's harder to fix once once you've lost it it's harder to get back I think in terms of lean mass there are things that people can do to regain the lean mass and so but I think paying attention to your bone density is super important and and you know again this is my personal opinion I think dexas are a really good tool for that so maybe an annual dexa scan to figure out where you're at both for your lean mass and for your uh bone mineral density um so that you can track it and pay attention and if you're seeing a decline you can start to take steps to to deal with it one final question dror before I let you go you have a company you're involved with called optis span can you tell us about what work you do in this anti-aging space sure so optisan is brand new uh it's a brand new startup we just closed our seed round so that that's uh that's exciting for us um and if and the word optisan is two words Optimal Health span so our what we call our beag big hairy audacious goal is Optimal Health spans for everyone we really want to so first of all going back to the comment I made before about 20th century medicine 21st century medicine um so we very much believe that the current reactive disease care structure in the United States and probably around the world um is not sustainable that it's it's going to fail and that we really are that there are really a few paths that can go down it could be catastrophic failure which we're hoping to avoid or it can be a gradual transition to more proactive healthare 20th 21st century medicine or as Peter AA would say medicine 3.0 what optisan really wants to do is position ourselves to create tools that will help enable this transition from 20th century medicine to 21st century medicine and so that includes things like uh uh developing protocols identifying the best diagnostic some of these are more standard I talked about dexa we talked a little bit about blood work but also some of the Cutting Edge biological aging biomarkers figuring out which of those are useful which are most predictive for future health outcomes in people and then creating a platform that will enable providers who want to make this transition to do it as easily as possible to so try to remove the friction from the system so that's kind of a very high level uh overview but it gives people an idea of what we're trying to do we are staying very much away from direct to Consumer for some of the reasons that I that I alluded to earlier so our our two domains that we're really focused on are uh corporate wellness and private practice we think that actually corporations can play a big role in this transition to 21st century medicine right now it's really the hospitals primary care and insurance companies that are really determining the quality of care that people are getting at least in the united in the United States um we think corporations can take bigger role in enabling and encouraging their employees to get on a better health span trajectory and so we want to we want to make it easy and help companies do that well you're at the cutting eggs of some very very interesting and worthwhile and fascinating research and work I wish you all the very best with your endeavors going forward and can I thank you Dr Matt cabine for joining me on the podcast today fascinating stuff thank you now I just

- 18 Longevity Secrets to Live a Healthy 100 Years: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to talk about how to live over a hundred years. Then we're going to get into 18 scientifically proven tips on exactly how to do it in a practical way. I'm going to make it super simple. I'm also going to give you a summarization after I dissected certain countries that have more people that live over 100 years old than any other country in the world. I don't know if you know how old I am or my history, but I'm six years old and I am way healthier now than I was in my late 20s. And I've done a lot of deep dive into this topic of longevity. So, I'm going to share with you some really important information that's going to be practical. But I want to start out showing you this clip on how medicine or science justifies longevity. When we were all in the caves, half of everyone born was dead before the age of 30. Fast forward to 1840. >> Sure. That number went up to 35. Half of everyone born was dead by the time they were 35. So in the tens of thousands of years between living in caves, >> Yeah. >> and the middle of the 19th century, we got since then with advances in medicine. And by the way, everyone back then was eating organic. Just saying. And the water was clear, the air ran pure, the the game was free range. Didn't make a damn bit of difference. Science matters here. Okay. All right. You can run around and eat all the organic you want. You'd be dead by the 30 unless some doctor came in and said, "We can we can increase your life expectancy using science." >> Now, let me just dissect that clip a little bit because there's a bit of cherrypicking going on. Um, in the 1900s it is absolutely true that the average person only lived to 32 years old. Okay, that's that's pretty low. And then as time went on, uh, people started living longer and longer. And the question is, is it all because of science and medicine? That's the big question. Because in most people's mind, science and medicine is vaccines, antibiotics, and medications, right? But the only problem with that, the big spike in longevity occurred before the broad use of vaccines and the invention of antibiotics. The big spike in longevity actually occurred because of plumbing and sanitation engineers. They cleaned up the sewage in the cities. And they didn't just do it in America. They did it in France, the UK, different countries. And they showed similar spikes in longevity simply because of this one omitted fact back then over half of the children died before they were 15 years old. If we take that data and we exclude it from this mathematical formula you would see the longevity would be much much higher. And that is because most of these children were dying of certain infections chalera, typhoid and dysentery which had a chronic diarrhea component to it. So once the plumbing and the sewage situations was cleaned up, those conditions literally went away. Now it's absolutely true that medicine then came in with antibiotics and it extended the life longer. There's no doubt. But the big question is this. If we're talking about longevity, do we want to manage disease or do we want to create health? These are two completely different things. When you manage diseases, you're not correcting causes because you still have to take the medication. You're dependent on certain drugs to keep certain things in check. I mean, right now, we have the ability to get everyone to live to be 100 years old. We just put them on life support, right? keep them alive. But what about the quality? The quality of someone's life. Personally, I only want to live as long as I have the quality of my health. I do not want to end up in a nursing home with dementia and all sorts of problems where people have to change my diapers and dress me and feed me. That is not living. So, today we're going to focus in on this right here, which is very different than this right here. I'm talking about increasing your fitness reserve so you have more capacity for health. The V2 max is probably one of the best tests that you can do to determine your fitness reserve and also to predict how long you're going to live. So creating health is different because we're optimizing function. We're increasing the quality of your existence. We're making your metabolism more flexible and your hormones more sensitive so they can work. We're making it so you have tremendous stress tolerance and you can adapt to life much much better. Having a very strong parasympathetic nervous system. So when you go to sleep, boy, you go into a nice solid sleep 8 hours and you wake up feeling refreshed. Creating health also includes maintaining your muscle mass as you age because there's a thing called age- related muscle mass or sarcopenia that a lot of people end up in where you lose the muscle mass and a lot of your health goes down the tube. So sleep quality is very important. Gut and microbiome is very important. Making sure you don't build up visceral fat that's the fat around the gut is super important. And then let's compare and contrast that to uh medical care. uh if you have a sleeping problem, they will basically just give you a medication. Does that increase the quality of sleep? No, it just allows you to be unconscious for a longer period of time. I mean, even blood pressure, are they correcting blood pressure? No, they're just lowering it. They're thinning the blood. They're giving you beta blockers to block this enzyme so then your blood pressure goes down. And then let's just take acid reflux or bloating or indigestion, right? You take a drug. Wow. Does that ever fix anything? No. It just suppresses the symptom until you have side effects and you need more medications. So, I'm not disagreeing. This model does extend your life, but at the expense of side effects and lower quality of existence. So, now let's talk about Japan. Okay, Japan is the country that has more centinarians, people who live over a 100red years old than any other country. Presently, they have 95,119 people that live over a 100red years old. That's mind-blowing. And so, we're going to dissect and go down the list and actually learn from what they're doing so we can apply it, too. There is another place where people live longer than Japan, and that is Hong Kong. Now, Hong Kong is not as large, so it doesn't have as many centinarians, but people in Hong Kong live a very long time. And I have some very interesting information that's very counterintuitive to why you might think people are living longer. What's so unique about Japan? The first thing that stands out is their school system. They have a very unique food and nutrition educational program that is mandated by a law. These kids are educated by dieticians that are not nearly as influenced by the junk food industry like they are in America. So, they're actually teaching these kids a tremendous amount of great information on food and nutrition early on that is going to help them in the long run. Could you imagine if you ate healthy as a child? Like, I wish I ate healthy as a child. I ate pure junk. I mean, in America, kids do get some education, but it's only like eight hours for the entire year. And then the big elephant in the room question is what is the quality of that health and food information since it comes from dieticians that are severely influenced by the junk food industry which is a known fact. If you have any doubts of that I will put a link down below so you can learn more about that. So the question is what do these kids eat? They do have rice. In America, we are fed more wheat and other grains in a highly refined way, industrial starches. But in Japan, that rice is less refined. It's not genetically modified. So, it doesn't have glyphosate. Now, it is true that the wheat in America is also not genetically modified, but they still spray it with glyphosate, which is an herbicide, to dry it out. In Japan, these kids are taught that fish in meat is healthy. Okay? They also do soy, but not like the soy products they have in America where it's like soy protein isolates. In Japan, they consume fermented soy products, which is way, way different. In Japan, these children consume soup and vegetables and seaweed, which is loaded with iodine. But in that seaweed, you don't just have iodine. You have a blend of all of the trace minerals. You know, the average person in Japan consumes nine times the amount of iodine as people in America. Iodine also is very anti-estrogenic. So, it helps prevent the excess amounts of estrogen. One interesting thing about the Japanese is they do consume more salt than America, but they also consume more potassium. And if you really look at the problem with just having table salt, it's simply because you're not consuming it with the other mineral to help balance it out. People that are salt sensitive really are potassium deficient. If you consume enough potassium with your sodium, you're not going to have issues with the blood pressure or increasing your risk of stroke because there's something in your body called the sodium potassium pump that feeds all the cells what they need to create the battery inside the cell. People in Japan also consume a lot of fermented soy, one of the best sources of vitamin K2. Not only helps fortify your bone and prevent bone loss, like in preventing osteoporosis or osteopenia, keeps the calcium from building up in the arteries. Now, the thing that's even more mind-blowing than that is in the microbiome of the Japanese, they have a certain microbe that is actually an ocean microbe. That microbe is able to digest certain things that Americans can't digest. But here's the thing. When you're consuming a wide range of foods in your diet, especially uh the fermented foods, you are going to be able to build up certain microbes that are going to greatly help you. They're going to protect you. They have specialized jobs to do all sorts of things from making certain anti-stress hormones like oxytocin, making neurotransmitters over here. Other microbes have this special job of building up this mucous membrane for your colon to protect you against leaky gut. Other microbes make vitamins and minerals. Other microbes are defending you against attack. They're like become part of your immune system. So, it's really important to have a diverse amount of foods, but especially a diverse amount of fermented foods. When you go to the grocery store in America, a lot of the vegetables are grown hydroponically in liquid without soil. So, the question is, how you going to get the same microbes in water versus soil? You can't. When you consume vegetables from actual soil that has microbes, a lot of those microbes go into the roots into that plant and that plant becomes a probiotic. So plants and salad and vegetables grown hydroponically don't really act like the probiotic that the vegetables that come out of your garden act like. So if you can't get access to that, let's say you don't have a farmers market around or you don't have a garden, then you need to consume on a regular basis fermented foods, okay? I like sauerkraut. Make sure it's raw. Kimchi is a good one. Fermented pickles is a good one. Raw fermented cheese, kefir, yogurt, and even a probiotic that you can grow. It's called elderai, the game changer if you want to improve your health. I'll put that link down below. But we can learn from the Japanese fermented foods are super important. They do a lot of green tea. The phytonutrients in green tea are literally at the top of the list of what they do for your health. Preventing cancer as an anti-inflammatory, help you get rid of toxins in your liver. So adding more green tea to a part of your meals would be important. Another principle that I found out about the Japanese is they basically eat until they're about 80% full. I know myself for years, I didn't eat till I was 80% full. I would eat until I was stuffed. And I now would just keep eating. Here we have a cell. Okay? And inside this cell, we have these little energy factories that basically process all the food that you eat. So you eat this food, it gets broken down, and then all this fuel comes in to this little engine motor thing right here. It's like a power plant. When you force too much fuel into this power plant, you create damage and problems. Okay? And that's usually how people get in a lot of trouble of overeating. When you're cramming so many lowquality calories into this motor, you're literally depleting it of nutrients. You're damaging the mitochondria and you're setting yourself up for all sorts of metabolic problems down the road. You might be very active in exercise and be able to burn off this fuel and that's great so you can handle more calories, but if you're not as active, you should probably just eat enough food and not to overdo it. Now, I already talked about the salt uh balance it out with potassium foods. The foods that are highest in potassium, avocados, leafy greens. Now, another unique thing about Japan uh is if we just look at steps, okay, we're talking about just walking. The average person has over 6,000 steps, okay, in Japan, whereas in America it's only 4,000. So, they have literally 2,000 more steps than we do every single day. I would recommend getting into 7,000 8,000 because that's when things really start changing. You may also have heard uh different places called the blue zones, right? And they you might have heard some propaganda about, oh, blue zones, they're they're all vegetarian, they don't eat meat. That actually is not true about Japan and other countries. They actually eat more meat than fish nowadays. So they consume an adequate amount of meat. Now I want to flip right to Hong Kong for a second. They consume literally the most meat of any other place. An average person consumes 323.9 lbs of meat every single year. And the question is what type of meat? They eat a massive amount of pork and a massive amount of beef. the two foods that you were told to avoid. And then the whole point about this topic is that this comes down to what I've been saying for a very long time. Find out what everyone is agreed on and everyone's telling you and go in the opposite direction. Apparently, it's not affecting people in Hong Kong. There's very few people that smoke in Hong Kong and also they do consume a lot of seafood and they do a lot of walking. There's a lot of steps. So, we have that as well. Now, let's get into the 18 practical things that you can do to extend your life. Number one, insulin resistance. The reason that we're talking about insulin resistance is because this is a root cause behind so many chronic diseases from a fatty liver to diabetes type 2 to obesity. Anything you can do to reduce this is going to be a very smart thing to live a long and healthy life. I really need to bring up the best way to test insulin resistance because you could check your blood sugar, right? And your blood sugar can be normal for literally 15 to 20 years despite how much sugar you eat. And that is because insulin is coming in there like crazy and sucking out all of the sugar out of your bloodstream, making it normal. Do the doctors ever check insulin? No. they're focused on the blood sugar, so they're going to miss it. So then there's another test. It's called A1C. What is A1C? That basically measures the average blood sugar for 3 months. Okay? So it's just a test to look at your uh red blood cells to see how much sugar is connected to it. When you have the early stages of insulin resistance, your A1C could be normal for 10 to 15 years. What you have to do is check your fasting insulin. It's a much better indicator of what's really going on. Unfortunately, the doctors don't check that. And I would recommend keeping it under seven or maybe under five. And I know there's a lot of confusion on what normal is because there's really no agreed amount of what normal is on insulin. Uh and I find that very interesting. I would recommend getting it under seven or under five. Okay. Mine is a two, my fasting insulin. But this is a really important test. How do you keep it low? By going low carb. Keep the sugar and hidden starches out. So in other words, right here, six, avoid sugar. Okay, hidden sugar as well. Hidden sugar is in the starch, industrial starch. That's like the refined breads, pasta, cereal, crackers, biscuits, waffles, pancakes. All of that starch is hidden sugar. And when insulin goes high, that's when you're going to start having all sorts of health problems to the point where now the insulin is not going into the cell and now the cell doesn't get fuel and everything starts to go downhill. Number two, autophagy. Autophagy is your body's way of fixing damaged protein and cellular parts. What causes people not to live long is damaged cells and mitochondria and other cells. And so if you had a cleaning mechanism that can keep those cells uh cleaned up and renewed, you would live a lot longer. And how do you do that? With regular intermittent fasting and periodic prolonged fasting. I have a million videos on this. I'll put some down below. But you should do at least 48 or 72-hour fasts. Huge. And I just did a video on a fiveday fast. You can do that periodically, too. But that's one way to extend your life in a major way. Number three, V2 max is a test that you can get. You have to go to a certain clinic to get it, but it's the ultimate test in fitness reserve. It's one of those markers that will tell how in shape you are. All this training is going to build up and increase your ability to use oxygen. And that oxygen keeps the body from getting inflamed. It keeps your fitness level in a surplus where you have this extra reserve buffer to protect you. It will also help your sleep. It keeps your cortisol down. Very important to keep this very high. Number four, mitochondria. Boy, a lot of problems with a shortened lifespan uh come from a problem with this mitochondria. So, you have a couple factors, couple variables here. You have the fuel coming into the mitochondria. Okay, the mitochondria is the energy factory. So that has to be quality fuel. And then we have all the biochemical reactions that take that food, extract different things and turn that into energy. It's called ATP. At the end of this whole assembly line, every single biochemical reaction that occurs needs vitamins and minerals and trace minerals. This is why we need nutrition. B1, B2, B3, B5, co-enzyme Q10. the trace minerals, manganese, zinc, iodine, copper, and magnesium. Okay, these are so vitally important for that mitochondria to function. So, if you don't have these, the mitochondria is not going to work well. If you have too much junk food, the mitochondria is not going to work. So, it could be a couple reasons why the mitochondria doesn't function right. And then on top of that, if you're consuming seed oil, that really can mess up the function of the mitochondria. So you want to avoid things like soy oil, corn oil, canola oil. There's actually a test that could be done to look at this biochemical factory in a pathway. It's called a metabolomic test. The metabolomic test looks deep in the biochemistry and it looks at the fuel coming in there. Where is the bottleneck in this factory? At what point is it building up and not getting through? Is it because you're not getting a certain nutrient or are you not getting enough of the right fuel? Out of all the things that you see that's lacking in the diet, in the metabolomic tests to allow this biochemistry to work, what would that be? High quality amino acids, animal meat. People need to consume more of that to allow this biochemistry to work correctly. Then that explains the carnivore diet. It explains why people do so much better when they start increasing their animal proteins. Okay, so I already talked about how important fasting is. You're going to live longer with fasting because your body is going to adapt and become stronger. It's hard to reach a high level of health unless you stress your body out intermittently, but you have to let it recover as well. And since we're on the topic of this right here, um let's talk about heat. adding heat, whether it's a a hot shower, a sauna, a jacuzzi. Some of the benefits from this heat therapy are similar to exercising. So, that's pretty cool that you could just go in the jacuzzi and get a lot of the benefits from exercising, but you're just laying there in this jacuzzi. I think that's pretty interesting. Also have cold therapy. Think about what the body has to do to counter this cold bath or a cold shower. It has to maintain a certain temperature. It's turning on all sorts of genes to improve survival. And I'm not talking about trying to shock your body too long. It just, you know, a very quick immersion into cold and then coming out and then even going in the heat is is therapeutic. But of course, you have to make sure that the heart is strong enough to handle that. Even phytonutrients are a little bit of a hormetic stress to cause an adaptation to make you get stronger. I already mentioned about exercise but there's also hypoxia training and you can think of this as high altitude training. They are basically training with low amounts of oxygen and it forces the body to develop new uh capillaries and bigger red blood cells. You can get a mask to just restrict air. I'm doing this right now. I think it's awesome. I think it'll be the wave of the future. But it's just a way to enhance the benefit of exercise. We've already talked about intermittent fasting, but what about sun? Yeah, sun. Getting UV radiation is going to create this little stress where our body's going to adapt. Fermented foods. So, you're exposing yourself to microbes. So, the body is then going to adapt and actually have more diverse microbes. If you're raising a child in a super clean, sterile environment, their immune system does not develop. Our immune system gets stronger when we get an infection and we allow our bodies to overcome the infection. Now, let's go back to number nine. Vitamin D. Our genes were designed to develop to uh get a lot of sun and now we don't. We stay inside. So, we need more sun and we need more vitamin D. And if you really want to protect yourself and bulletproof yourself and live longer, you want a vitamin D level of at least 60 nanogs per milliliter or 80. Okay? 60 to 80. Now, personally, I have mine over 100, but that's because I have a lot of old injuries and arthritis, and my body does better if I have just a little more vitamin D. But, of course, I'm checking the calcium in my blood. I'm checking other factors. But if you could just keep it 60 to 80, you're going to be in really good shape. Social connections, super important for longevity. Have a lot of groups that you're involved with. When you isolate someone, they get lonely. But you can be by yourself and not be lonely. But I'm talking about the feeling of loneliness. Uh not good for longevity. This is why when someone loses a loved one, uh they have what's called a broken heart syndrome is so stressful. Their chance for a heart attack goes up to like 2,000% I think the first week. So it's very stressful. Unfortunately, everyone has to go through that. So you want to have enough fitness to push through that and survive that because of this thing this word called hormesis. What does that mean? That is putting a short little stress in the body to cause the body to adapt and become stronger. This is why exercise a stress breaks things down and the body adapts and gets stronger. Um I already mentioned uh when you eat if you cannot stuff yourself that would be a good idea. just try to be like 80% full and then just stop. That way we're allowing the fuel to come in to be usable with all the co-actors and nutrients and everything's working like a machine and we're not going to damage it. All right, number 13 is postmeal walk. It's like free metformin. Metformin is a medication for diabetes and it helps you lower blood sugar. So it's like a free metformin without side effects. All right, we already talked a little bit about fermented foods. Super important to eat for your microbes. A little dark chocolate without sugar is very healthy for the microbes. I consume that every lunchtime. Sometimes I'll do it in the morning in my coffee. Now, let's get to number 15. Sleep. If you're not sleeping, you're not going to live a long time. For many years, I would get up at 4:00 in the morning and think that was a good thing. But I always needed a nap and it caught up to me. Now I have to get at least seven, seven and a half. I'm trying to get eight hours of sleep. I'm going to show you how to do it. It's kind of like that lifestyle change that just allows everything to work so much better. Your energy, your mood, magnesium before bed, an hour before bed, and magnesium glycinate is pretty cool because it allows the muscles to feel calm. It allows the cortisol to come down. Also will reduce your temperature which is interesting. So right before you go to sleep your body core temperature actually gets a little cooler. So instead of 98.6 it comes down by one or two points. That coolness allows you to go into asleep faster and also it improves the delta wave sleep where a lot of the important repair and the brain detoxification processes occur. And temperature is a very important factor. This is why you want to set the temperature at like between 62 to 68 degrees. I personally just need like a little sheet and I keep my room really cold and I sleep so much better than with a blanket. Now, if your feet are cold, then wear socks, but just try to keep your body just a little bit cooler to the point where it should help you sleep. The other thing is your light. We have not evolved to the current environment that we live in with all the lights. In the morning, we get up and we go to our computers and we're in blue light. If you're like me, you spend a lot of time on the computer. That really messes up the circadian clock. So, you need to reset it. One really easy way to do that is in the early morning, go outside and don't look at the sun, but allow some of the sunlight to go in your eyes for 20 minutes. Okay? And you're getting this blue spectrum. It's at I think the exact frequency that you need is 480 that goes into your eyes and it helps to wake you up and then at night when it gets dark if you are on your computer or watching TV you should wear blue blockers and that way you'll start to restrict that blue light. The other thing is the stimulants. Too much coffee through the day. Too much chocolate has another stimulant through the day. What it actually does is it takes this molecule called adenosine and in the receptor part it kind of blocks it but over time if you do a lot of caffeine like I did that receptor doesn't work anymore. So now at night we can't go to bed at night and because we're like there's no sleep pressure to push us into that deep sleep and then in the morning it's hard to wake up even with caffeine because that receptor now is not working. I'm telling you, out of all these things, if you fix the sleep, you're going to live a lot longer. Now, I want to talk about FOX3 for a second because this is the gene, longevity gene that people in Japan, in certain parts of the world, have it expressed more than others. Okay? So, there is a genetic point, but the good news is you can do some things to express that gene and activate it. Intermittent fasting, endurance exercise, highintensity interval training, resistance training, a sauna, cold bath. This is the green tea phytonutrient, curcumin from turmeric, sulfurophane from broccoli sprouts, NAD, it's a supplement, but I recommend just taking the complete B vitamins because really to build this one up, you need B3. And you get vitamin B3 from red meat and and liver and organ meats and other things. uh having uh less visceral fat is going to be helpful to increase this running your body in ketones that's the low carb and having more sleep. So basically if you follow all these things you'll enhance this gene and live longer. Number 17 maintaining muscle mass. As someone gets older they develop a condition called sarcopenia where they're losing muscle mass. So, it's so important to maintain resistance training and enough uh red meat protein or other uh animal protein as you get older to keep the muscle mass high. But the problem is if your testosterone dips down, it's very difficult to grow muscle. So, you want to maintain muscle mass and maintain testosterone. Testosterone is like this basic hormone that can turn into other hormones. So, it's super important. Uh so, if a woman was considering doing estrogen therapy, um she should probably do testosterone therapy and then that way she can make her own estrogen as needed. So, maintaining muscle mass through exercising, having sufficient protein and all the co-actors, very important. A lot of those co-actors are going to be in muscle, like muscle protein when you eat red meat. So, that's going to help you. And also, magnesium is going to help with this. And then testosterone. I've done an entire video on this. Uh, intense exercise, zinc, oysters are the best food for zinc and red meat, having enough sleep, and having enough cholesterol. And I'm also going to assume that people that are more interested in this video uh are probably a little older and they're going to need some more information about how to maintain higher levels of testosterone. So, I put a video right here for you to watch right now. Check it out. It's right there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drberg [61 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  2. @TheRealTruth1000 [1 likes]: My aunt just turned 100 years old on June 16, 2026! No health issues at all.
  3. @JAYJOHNSON-n8t [1 likes]: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  4. @JesusChrist4life-e8e [1 likes]: Lol, really living in caves
  5. @valdoria7934 [1 likes]: Thank you, Dr. Berg! I became a board-certified health coach in 2013 after decades of studying holistic wellness, intending to educate and raise health awareness. However, I actually chose to stay in my marketing career because your videos are just that phenomenal. You cover everything I could ever imagine teaching, and I absolutely love learning from you and staying up to date. Now, I simply share your videos whenever I want to help someone learn! Please never change. You truly have the best "bedside manner" and most compassionate approach out there. If you ever need a marketing lead on your team, I'd love a quick discussion.
  6. @SeniorenSanté1506: Excellent video! I appreciate that you’re not presenting aging as something hopeless, but as a process we can still influence through daily choices. For someone between 60 and 65, what would be the most important breakfast habit to start with?
  7. @JonnyWest-i1c: My sleep has been really bad for years now.  I hear/feel a vibration when I put my ear or head to the pillow that I think prevents me from getting deep sleep. 

I've had to use an earplug to try and block the vibrations/sounds of the roof mounted AC unit thay is above my room to even fall asleep.  It falls out part way through the night and isn't very comfortable.    I'm getting an Mri of my brain and images of my ear canal areas to see if there is anything going on there.

I definitely want to cut out as much of the excess sugar in my diet as I can asap.  Hard to change your life when you're always tired though. 

I'm trying to form some new simple habits to head in an upward direction.
  8. @CMThursdays: I’ve gone off refined sugar and refined carbs several times now. I’m currently off again 7 months pregnant. It’s absolutely amazing the energy increase I get as well as better digestion and mood. Most days I have plain Greek yogurt with blueberries, ground flaxseed, and walnuts for breakfast. A large salad at lunch with meat or eggs, beans, and other vegetables and some healthy dark chocolate after. At dinner I usually have a sweet potato with meat and sautéed veggies. When I crave sugar I have fruit and cheese or a nut butter. I feel so satisfied with my food and I’m enjoying the health benefits!
  9. @EdgarDugaduga-z3f: Thank you...
  10. @merrillmiller2612: To my understanding viseral fat is below the abdominal muscles and around the organs which is not desired (bad) fat under the skin and on top of the skin is called attipose tissue and is harmless, but just doesn't look nice or cool or ripped😅
  11. @BoRy-c9i: Thanks a lot Dr berg for sharing ❤❤
  12. @davidcanatella4279: Rest is the other half of exercise.
  13. @michellehackley5091: The one thing he doesn’t point out, in re the flaw of statistics related to life span over time, specifically starting with “cave man days” is that many people died due to some kind of trauma, they were eaten by predators, they were killed by people from other “tribes”, they didn’t have shelter in extreme whether, they starved bc they couldn’t secure a reliable and consistent food source; fast forward to middle ages, the atrocities of mass wars, genocide, the spread of disease, malnutrition, etc…. and then of coure, it is true that with the advent of sanitation & clean water, populations saw an increase in lifespan.  If you look globally, in present day, “average life span” doesn’t apply to the entire population.  There are many places were life span is well below what we see in 1st world due to famine, drought, malnutrition, lack of basic healthcare, civil war, etc…
  14. @Mariquinadee: God through Christ saved my life and They got you to help. Thank you for everything you do to help everyone with. i went from 13 pills to zero following your suggestions. THANK YOU!!!
  15. @VannesaDavid143: I believe personalized diet and exercise are way more effective than generic advice
  16. @hedelightsinme624: Amazing! Wow! Light bulbs... When it gets right down to it our habits and desires for comfort are bad for us. You hit on several for me. I hate to be too cold or too hot; tasting too bitter, sour, too spicy; stressing my muscles; anything uncomfortable but what you're saying here is telling me that we are created to have these physical stressors, not over the top but some uncomfortable shocking things that make our bodies react even for seconds... Interesting.
  17. @enavecpharmacy: The biggest healtg secret isnt hidden, its beibg consistent with the simple habits most people ignore
  18. @TheLongevityLabTV: Great video, Dr. Berg! The focus on improving insulin resistance as the core longevity strategy is so crucial . It's insightful how you connect these 18 science-backed habits—like low-carb eating, intermittent fasting, and regular movement—to cellular health and activating protective genes . Simple lifestyle tweaks truly are powerful. Thanks for breaking it down so clearly!
  19. @caricooper9620: Ameican Pork is way different and banned in even China
  20. @StreamofLifeYT: Indoor plumbing was a HUGE deal -- an absolute game changer! 🚽🪠🛁

- The Big Keto Mistake... How Eat For Longevity.: Kind: captions Language: en This is going to be a long video and I say that because there is more confusion around the ketogenic diet than almost any other topic I get asked about. And let me just say that keto despite all of its complexity and controversy is actually pointing us in exactly the right direction. And I say that because the underlying driver of the chronic diseases that kill most people, which is cardiovascular disease and certain cancers and dementia and type 2 diabetes, is to a very significant degree metabolic dysfunction. Specifically, a problem called insulin resistance, which we'll come back to in a lot more detail quite often in this video. And the core idea behind ketogenic thinking is that if we can get our bodies burning fat rather than burning glucose, we can reverse or prevent all of that metabolic dysfunction. And that is a pretty sound way of thinking to be honest. Thinking about how your body uses fuel and whether you're making it work harder than it needs to is one of the most important questions you can ask about your long-term health. Now the question I want to answer in this video is not whether the logic of keto is good. The logic is quite good. The question is what is the best practical approach to that logic for the majority of people and that's the important part for most people because you know the average person watching these videos doesn't know where to start with their health. That's the impression I get when I read through the comments. So, for the average person who isn't already optimizing most parts of their health, what is the best approach? Is it full keto? Is it just cutting sugars and refined carbohydrates? Is it cycling in and out of keto? And what does the evidence actually say about what works, what is sustainable, and what could cause harm if it's done wrong? And I want to go through the actual evidence from these large metaanalyses and long-term population studies all the way down to the smaller randomized control trials and even some animal research because it's quite interesting to be honest. And I want to be upfront about what each piece of evidence can and cannot tell us. Now, if you want to skip to my final recommendations at the end of the video, then you can use the timestamps to jump around the video. I always put those in the descriptions of these videos, but I would encourage you to stay for a bit of the physiology as well because understanding how the body actually handles fuel is what makes the conclusion make sense. Without it, the answer might just sound like another piece of dietary advice without any context. So, even if you don't get through all of this video in one go, maybe just pause it and come back to it. Having a bit of an understanding about glucose and fats and insulin resistance and the best foods for us really, really helps if you're wanting to become healthy. Before any of that though, we need to make sure we're talking about the same thing because half of the confusion around keto actually comes from people using the word keto but meaning something else. So, let's clarify what we're actually talking about here. So the first section of this video is all about what keto actually is and what is the physiology? What is the biology around keto? So the first question is what does the body actually run on? At the most basic level, your body runs on two main fuel sources which are glucose and fat. And under normal circumstances, glucose comes first. Glucose is a simple sugar. the molecule that your body extracts when it breaks down carbohydrates. It's pretty simple stuff. So, when you eat bread or pasta or rice or oats or fruits or potatoes or any other carbohydrate containing food, your digestive system breaks it all down into glucose which gets absorbed into your bloodstream and transported to your cells as energy. So your brain and your muscles, your heart, all of them use glucose. It is the default fuel. Now, here's something that a lot of people don't really know. Not all carbohydrates actually taste sweet. Even though they all eventually become glucose in the body. Well, why is that? Why is it that fruit and table sugar and juice taste sweet, but potatoes and bread don't taste sweet, but they all get broken down into glucose in the body? Why does that happen? Well, the answer comes down to the type of sugar molecule involved and how it interacts with your taste buds. So, table sugar, which is sucrose, is actually made out of two molecules joined together, which is glucose and fructose. Now, fructose is the sweetest naturally occurring sugar we know of, significantly sweeter than glucose itself. When sucrose sits on your tongue, it activates the sweet taste receptors immediately and powerfully, partly because fructose binds to those receptors more effectively than glucose does. Now, fruit mostly contains fructose, which is why it tastes sweet. Honey is rich in fructose. So the same reason. Now starchy foods like bread and oats and rice and potatoes are made of long chains of glucose molecules linked together a structure that we call a polysaccharide. Now these chains are too long to fit on the sweet taste receptors on your tongue. Your taste buds simply cannot read them the way that they read fructose or sucrose. So they do not register as sweet. Even though once digested and broken down by enzymes in your gut, they release exactly the same glucose molecules into your bloodstream. The sweetness here is a property of the shape and size of the molecule, not how much glucose eventually ends up in your blood. This is why people get confused about how things that don't taste sweet, like bread or potatoes, can cause just as much damage as something like fruit or table sugar. Well, that's partly why. So, if glucose is your default fuel, what happens when there's too much of it, when you eat too much carbohydrates? Well, your body cannot store unlimited glucose in your blood. Blood sugar levels are very tightly regulated because if they go too high or too low for too long, it can cause serious damage to your organs and hypoglycemia can actually kill you. And high blood sugar, the kind that sustained over months and years, which describes most adults in the Western world, to be honest, is physically damaging to the walls of your blood vessels. So glucose at high concentrations acts almost like a corrosive agent on the delicate inner lining of those arteries and capillaries. It triggers a process called glycation where glucose molecules literally stick to proteins in the vessel walls and change their structure making them stiff and dysfunctional. They don't work as well because glucose has changed them. It drives something called oxidative stress which is a kind of cellular rust and it also triggers chronic inflammation inside the blood vessels themselves. So over years this really does damage the tiny blood vessels supplying the kidneys and the back of your eyes, the retina and it can cause blindness and neuropathy in your feeds. And importantly, it also accelerates the stiffening of your coronary arteries feeding your heart and the corroted arteries feeding your brain. It dramatically increases your risk of heart attack and stroke over this sort of long time span. This is why chronically high blood glucose kills people. It is a very serious risk. It is a slow progressive destruction of the body's most delicate plumbing playing out over years and decades. And as we just said, a low blood sugar is also super super dangerous, hypoglycemia. And the reason is that the brain depends almost entirely on a continuous supply of sugar or fuel. And if your blood sugar drops too far, your brain function deteriorates rapidly. So within a few minutes you get confusion and seizures and you become unconscious and if that's not treated then people die. And I've seen this a handful of times in my career so far. So people are found on the street, they are hypoglycemic and we have to inject intravenous glucose just to give the heart and the brain energy to to survive because if they don't get the the raw fuel that they need to convert into energy, then those organs will die and that patient won't survive. This is why the body regulates blood glucose so tightly because the consequences of getting it wrong in either direction are severe. So anyway, a bit of a tangent there, but excess glucose gets converted into a storage form called glycogen. So if you eat more glucose than your body needs at that moment, it gets stored as glycogen, which is then packaged into two places, your liver and your muscle. So, think of this less like a reserve fuel tank that kicks in when the main tank runs dry and more like a very, very short-term buffer, a small, rapidly accessible supply that bridges the gap between your last meal and your next one or that gets your muscles through a burst of intense exercise. And the thing is, this is not a large reserve. Your liver holds around 100 g of glycogen. That's it. Your muscles hold between 4 and 500 gram between them, you know, depending on how big you are. So, in total, that is roughly 2,000 calories worth of glycogen storage, enough to get you through a day of normal activity or a couple of hours of really intense exercise. Once those stores are full, any extra glucose that comes in gets converted to fat and stored in the body's long-term fat reserves. And yes, that fat is stored primarily as triglycerides, which are the body's main form of long-term energy storage. Now a triglyceride is basically three fatty acids attached to a glycerol backbone and that is what accumulates in your fat cells in your liver when there is too much of it and in the visceral fat around your organs. So when people talk about fat really they're talking about triglycerides. Now before we go any further let's talk about insulin. What is insulin and why does it matter so much? So insulin is a hormone produced by your pancreas here, a gland that sits behind your stomach at the top of your abdomen. So think of insulin like a key and your cells throughout your entire body as rooms with locked doors. So glucose is in the bloodstream and needs to get inside your cells to be used as fuel. Insulin is what opens the door in every cell. When your blood glucose rises after a meal, your pancreas detects that and releases insulin, which travels through the blood and binds to receptors on the surface of your cells throughout your body, effectively unlocking them so glucose can flow in. Now, in a healthy person, that system works really well. You eat and your blood sugar rises, insulin is released, glucose enters your cells and then your blood sugar or blood glucose comes down and then your insulin level then falls. So it's really clean and efficient and rhythmic as well. But what happens when this system starts to break down? Well, this is where metabolic dysfunction actually begins. So when your blood sugar is chronically elevated over months or years because of a diet high in refined sugars or processed food and refined carbohydrates, the pancreas has to keep pumping out insulin to manage it. And over time with constant high levels of insulin in the system, the cells start to become less sensitive to it. They start to become resistant to insulin. So the key still works, but the lock is getting a bit stiff. The pancreas has to produce more and more insulin to achieve the same effect. It's a bit like when somebody is walking outside of our house, our dog Mango will hear it and he'll bark. He'll go crazy. But if somebody is walking repeatedly outside, after a while he'll become immune to that sound. And it's only after a long period of no people outside where it's silent if you then hear somebody again, you'll then start barking again. It's a bit like insulin there. So if glucose is there all the time, insulin stops responding as well. So the pancreas has to release more insulin, more of that less effective insulin just to bring glucose down. I hope that makes sense. And eventually, if all of that continues unchecked, if nothing is ever done about it, the system will start to fail, your blood glucose will build up in the blood. And at that point, when your glucose then starts to rise, that is the point when we diagnose people with pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes if it's high enough. Clearly, if you've been listening to what I've said, insulin resistance, the problem, the metabolic dysfunction has been happening years before that diagnosis is made. This is why insulin resistance is at the heart of so many chronic diseases because it's not just about blood sugar. Chronically elevated insulin levels are linked to inflammation, to increased fat storage because insulin is a storage hormone, particularly in the liver and around the organs, and also elevated triglycerides, and to a cascade of effects that increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, certain cancers, and dementia. And understanding that entire loop is arguably the most important thing that you can do for your long-term health. And this is precisely where the logic of reducing carbohydrates whether through keto or a less extreme approach becomes so powerful when you reduce the amount of carbohydrates coming in particularly the refined sugars and processed carbs. And basically what that means is without the fiber that causes the sharpest blood glucose spikes, you reduce how often and how hard the pancreas has to pump out insulin. Insulin levels then spend more time at baseline. The cells get a chance to recover their sensitivity. The lock starts to work properly again. visceral fat and your liver fat, which are both drivers and consequences of insulin resistance begin to reduce. And as that vicious cycle starts to unwind, the downstream risks start falling as well. So your blood pressure will improve, your inflammatory levels will fall, your triglycerides will come down, your cardiovascular risk decreases. This is why getting control of your carbohydrate quality is not just about weight loss. It is about interrupting the metabolic chain of events that leads to the diseases most likely to kill you. And top of that list is cardiovascular disease. Okay. So what is the counterpart to insulin? What's the opposite of insulin? What happens when the body needs to release energy rather than store it, which is what insulin does? This is where glucagon comes in. So if insulin is the store energy signal, glucagon is the release energy signal. When blood glucose drops, either because you've not eaten for a few hours or because you're exercising really hard, the pancreas releases another hormone called glucagon into the bloodstream. And glucagon is actually a drug that we use in emergency medicine. So when a patient comes in with a dangerously low blood sugar, what we call a hypoglycemic emergency, one of the treatments we reach for is an injection of glucagon. We can give it into the muscle, either the upper arm or the thigh or the buttock. And within about 10 minutes, your blood sugar will start to rise and what it does is travel to the liver and tell it there is an emergency happening. Release all of your glycogen stores now. So the liver breaks down its glycogen back into glucose because glycogen is just a stored form of glucose sort of clumped together which then rapidly raises your blood sugar. And this is a critical point here. The glucagon injection only works if the liver has glycogen to release. So if somebody has been starving or if they've been on a very prolonged fast, the liver glycogen will already be depleted and the glucagon injection will not work. So in that situation, we have to give glucose directly into a vein instead. So if we have a patient that comes in who is hypoglycemic and they look really skinny, glucagon probably isn't going to work. It is a small but very vivid illustration of how central glycogen storage is to keeping us alive. Now, glucagon acts primarily on the liver. It is the liver's glycogen that gets released into the blood. Muscle glycogen is used locally by the muscles themselves during exercise. It does not get released into the bloodstream for the rest of the body. So, what is the actual order in which your body burns fuel? Well, the first fuel that it uses first is glucose that is directly available from what you've just eaten. The second one once that glucose runs short is your glycogen. So glucagon kicks in and the liver releases its stored glycogen. The third one, once those glycogen stores are depleted, which takes somewhere between 12 and 24 hours of fasting or much faster during intense exercise, the body shifts to burning fat and producing ketones. This is the sequence and it's important because it tells us that ketosis doesn't happen instantly. It requires you to work through those first two stages first. So your glucose and your glycogen which is just stored glucose. Now an interesting question here is if glycogen is just chains of glucose and starch is just chains of glucose then what is actually the difference between them. So starch which is the storage form in plants has a relatively simple branching structure with branch points occurring roughly every sort of 25 to 30 glucose units. Glycogen which is the storage form in animals including humans is far more densely branched with a new branch point roughly every 8 or 12 glucose units. So more branch points means more places where enzymes can attack simultaneously and release glucose rapidly. So glycogen is designed or we've evolved with glycogen for speed. Exactly what your liver needs when blood sugar drops in an emergency. Starch in a potato releases glucose much more slowly as you digest it. So it's the same building block but a very different structure with a very different behavior. Okay. So let's talk about ketosis then. So what actually happens when the body runs out of glucose and glycogen and shifts into fat burning mode. So at this point the liver starts breaking down fatty acids in the liver through a process called beta oxidation. And as a byproduct it produces three types of ketone bodies. The first one is beta hydroxybutyrate. Then you've got acettoacetate and then finally one called acetone. Now two of these beta hydroxybutyrate and acettoacetate travel through the bloodstream and get used as fuel by the brain and your heart and your muscles. The third one called acetone is a bit different. Unlike the other two, the body can't actually mobilize acetone as fuel. It is a waste product that gets exhaled through the lungs and it smells a bit funny. This is why people in ketosis often have a bit of a fruity smell on their breath. Some people say it smells like pear drops or nail polish remover. So, if you've ever been around somebody doing extended fasting or a strict keto diet and noticed a slightly sweet quality to their breath, then that is the acetone you are detecting. Now, in emergency medicine, that fruity smell is something that we take really seriously. In a patient with type 1 diabetes who is not managing their insulin properly, it can be a sign of a life-threatening emergency called DKA, diabetic ketoacidosis. In DKA, ketone production has gone completely out of control because in type 1 diabetes or in these emergencies, there is no insulin to be able to use the glucose. So, the body has to mobilize and break down fat and produce ketones to literally survive. So, we smell the same thing, that pearrop nail polish remover sort of smell. Clearly, these two are completely different things. The fact that we can smell a bit of a fruity smell in ketosis in otherwise healthy people doesn't mean it's dangerous. But just a bit of a distinction there to mention. But what about the brain then? Can the brain actually run on ketones and does it function as well compared to when it uses glucose? So the brain cannot use fat directly. fat molecules cannot cross what we call the bloodb brain barrier which is that protective membrane that strictly controls what enters the brain. So your brain is dependent on either glucose or ketones. Now ketones can fuel roughly 70 to 75% of the brain's energy needs. The remaining 25 to 30% still requires glucose. But in full ketosis, where does that residual glucose actually come from if you're not eating carbohydrates? Well, your liver makes it through a process called gluconneogenesis, which literally means making new glucose. The liver can manufacture glucose from amino acids, which are the building blocks of proteins, and from glycerol, which is a component of fat molecules. Now, this process does require a good amount of protein intake. So, a poorly formulated keto diet where protein is too low can compromise it. This is a pretty bad habit to build. If you're in keto, then you've got to have enough protein. So even without eating a single gram of carbohydrate, as long as you're eating enough protein, your brain gets the small amount of glucose it needs through this internal manufacturing process. You don't need to eat carbohydrates for your brain to function. Both ketones and glucose produce ATP, which is a denazine triphosphate, which is the fundamental energy currency that every single cell uses. So the end result in terms of powering the brain is pretty similar. Now some research suggests that ketones may produce slightly less oxidative stress during energy metabolism, a kind of cleaner burn if you like, which has driven a lot of interest in their potential protective role in diseases like Alzheimer's where the brain's ability to use glucose seems to decline. But for a healthy person with a normally functioning brain, the practical difference dayto-day isn't dramatic. What the research does support is the concept of metabolic flexibility. And I've mentioned this a few times in other videos, the ability of the body to switch very efficiently between using glucose and ketones depending on what is available. So, a body that can do this is more resilient and adaptable than one locked into either fuel exclusively. And so, every day, like I do, if you're fasting overnight by 14 hours, so you're having your last meal at 6:00 p.m. and your breakfast at 8:00 p.m., that's just about long enough for your body to start burning some fat to produce ketones because clearly you're not eating for 14 hours. So, every single day, my body has a bit of practice to produce ketones. So, I'm hoping my metabolic flexibility will be quite good. The goal really isn't to permanently eliminate carbohydrates and just live off ketones. The goal is to avoid the situation where the body is so flooded with glucose and insulin every day that it never gets a chance to burn any fat at all. But just say for instance that you are in full ketosis. You never eat any carbohydrates at all. So, you're always using your fat to produce energy. Will you ever run out of fat to burn? Well, in practice, for virtually every single person watching this video, the answer is no. Even a relatively lean person carries enough stored fat to provide tens of thousands of calories for fuel. Somebody who's overweight may have hundreds of thousands of calories in fat storage, but really you're going to be replenishing that fat with the fat that you eat and the protein as well. A more realistic concern is not running out of fat. It is actually running out of micronutrients and electrolytes like the vitamins and the minerals and the fiber that whole plant foods provide and that a strict ketogenic diet tends to exclude. So, after all of that, what does a true ketogenic diet actually look like in practice? Well, a true keto diet means getting around 70 to 75% of your total calories from fat, around 20% from protein, and no more than five to 10% from carbohydrates. Because, let's be honest, it is pretty difficult to eliminate carbs entirely. Now, in practical gram terms, that usually means staying under 20 to 50 grams of carbs per day. Now, to put that into perspective, what that means is, you know, a single medium banana contains around 27 g of carbohydrates. A slice of brown bread contains around 15 g. A portion of lentils, which we always recommend to eat, is around 40 g. So, already that's something pretty significant there. If you're trying to cut out carbs, then you're going to cut out a lot of the healthy stuff that we recommend to eat. A handful of oats is around 30 gram. So to maintain full nutritional ketosis, you would need to eliminate pretty much all bread, all pasta, rice, oats, and grains of any kind. So all legume, so that's lentils and chickpeas and kidney beans and black beans, peas. Most fruit as well, most root veg, that's potatoes and sweet potatoes and parsnips and carrots and sweets as well. Most dairy as well beyond cheese and cream. So what remains really is meat and poultry and fish, eggs, cheese, cream, butter, olive oil, avocado, and very small amounts of leafy green vegetables. And here's something that is absolutely underappreciated in this whole keto conversation. I don't hear many people talking about this, and it directly affects whether this is a sensible long-term approach. And I've just touched on this at the beginning of this section, but let's go into this in a bit more detail. So many of the foods that you eliminate on a full keto diet are not just convenient sources of carbohydrate. They are among the most health protective foods that we know of. So as I mentioned, legumes, so lentils and chickpeas and beans are extraordinarily rich in fiber, in plant protein, and also polyphenols. They've been consistently linked in large studies to reduced cardiovascular risk and reduced all cause mortality, death from any cause. Whole grains provide not just fiber, but also B vitamins as well and magnesium and prebiotic compounds that feed That's right. Yes. Your gut bacteria. Fruit as well. They contain vitamin C and potassium and antioxidants and fiber as well. So, the carbohydrates in these foods really isn't the problem. These are some of the most nutrient-dense foods on the planet. And we'll come back to this tension between full ketosis and gut health in a bit more detail when we get to the evidence on the microbiome. Now, crucially, most people from what I can gather who say they are doing keto are not doing any of that. They've cut out biscuits and cakes and soft drinks and white bread and all of that is great, but that is not keto. That is simply reducing added sugar and refined carbohydrates. And as we'll see as we get into the research, those two different approaches. So full nutritional ketosis versus simply cutting out added sugar and refined carbs produce very different results in the body. So that is section one finished. We've talked about ketosis and the physiology. Now in section two of this video, we need to talk about what the evidence actually says. So we're going to go through four key areas of evidence. And we've got to be upfront about the limitations of each piece of research as we go along because well, that's how honest medicine is conducted. We've got to be honest about the strengths and weaknesses of each study. And that isn't really what a lot of people do on YouTube from what I can gather. And I'm going to try and look at the whole body of evidence together in this video, not just the studies that favor one position or the other. So the first topic in this section is all about LDL cholesterol and APOB which you may have heard of and your cardiovascular risk. So what does keto actually do to your heart disease risk? Well, let's start with the finding that I think carries the most long-term clinical weight and this is the one that gets a lot of push back from people. So, a 2024 randomized control trial from the University of Bath published in Cell Reports Medicine compared three groups over 12 weeks. A control diet, a low sugar diet, and a full ketogenic diet. Now, let's be upfront about the sample size here. So, it involved 53 people. That is obviously a very small trial and any single small trial needs to be interpreted very cautiously. But the bath study is not the only evidence. Far from it. Now in terms of the results, both the keto group and the low sugar group lost fat. The keto group lost an average of 2.9 kilos of fat and the low sugar group lost around 2.1 kilos. So keto produced slightly more fat loss but by less than 1 kilo over 3 months. But what happened to cholesterol over that time tells a very different story. So the keto group saw a significant rise in something called LDL cholesterol and apo lioprotein B known as apo B. But what actually is LDL cholesterol. And why does it matter here? Well, LDL cholesterol is what a lot of people call bad cholesterol, but bad is quite a big simplification. LDL cholesterol tells you the total amount of cholesterol carried inside LDL particles in your blood. What it doesn't tell you is how many LDL particles there are. So, think of it like this. Imagine you are measuring the total number of people in a fleet of buses. If there are 10 buses with six people in each one, the passenger count is 16. If there are 60 buses with one person in each one, the passenger count is also 60. So the standard LDL cholesterol test would give you the same number in both cases. Now bear with me on this, but those 60 buses are fundamentally different from 10 buses because each bus can crash into an artery wall independently if that makes sense. So apo B is the particle count. Applyropotin B is a protein that sits on the surface of each LDL particle, one per particle without any exception. So if you measure apo B, you are measuring the actual number of LDL particles circulating in your blood and it is the number of particles, not the volume of cholesterol they carry that determines how much arterial damage is happening. Multiple major cardiology studies have shown that APOB is a much better predictor of cardiovascular events than LDL cholesterol alone. which is why many lipidologists now consider it to be the gold standard measurement. So the bath study, the study in this topic that we're talking about now found that the keto group increased ao B significantly. The low sugar group in the middle had no change in ao at all. So it suggests that the full keto group might have a big disadvantage. Now, you might have seen people push back on that argument by saying that keto also raises HDL cholesterol, the so-called good cholesterol, and it also reduces your triglycerides, which are fats in the blood. Both of which are true. But when Apo B goes up, that means more LDL particles are circulating. Each one capable of embedding itself into the artery wall, which then triggers an inflammatory response and contributes to the plaque buildup that eventually causes a heart attack and stroke. A slight rise in HDL does not eliminate that risk. and triglyceride reductions are really beneficial, but they do not cancel out the particle count problem. So, what that's saying is that the rise in ao B from the full keto group isn't canceled out by the other good effects that the full keto sort of style brings. And it's also worth acknowledging another genuine scientific debate here, which is that a subset of people typically lean highly active individuals can show quite dramatic LDL rises on keto while other markers remain okay. Some people argue that this represents a benign redistribution of lipoproteins in people who are already metabolically healthy rather than a straightforward increase in cardiovascular risk. It's really complicated to get your head around and argue this point. But what researchers call this is the lean mass hyperresponder phenomenon. And it is a legitimate area of ongoing research. And I'm not dismissing this, but it applies to a very specific subset of already healthy, highly active people. It is not a reason for the general population to dismiss the LDL and Apo B findings. And the thing is, we're not talking about dramatic changes over a 12week period here. We're talking about relatively small changes. But the thing is cardiovascular disease is a very slow game. It builds up over 30 or 40 or 50 years. So a very small increase in apo B sustained over decades means marginally more LDL particles steadily depositing into the coronary artery walls year after year. At some point in that process, and it could just be one extra particle on one particular day, like the straw that broke the camel's back, it could mean that there was enough plaque to rupture, and a ruptured plaque is a heart attack. And this is exactly how people end up in the A&E at the age of 55 years old. And the finding is not from one small study either. A 2024 meta analysis pulled data from 27 randomized control trials involving over,200 people and found a very consistent statistically significant rise in LDL cholesterol on a ketogenic diet. So it's not just one small study. This is a big meta analysis and a separate umbrella review of metaanalyses published in BMC medicine in 2023 covered 17 meta analyses and 68 randomized control trials and found that this increase in LDL cholesterol from keto was rated as high quality evidence. And so what that means is that that is the highest grade of evidence in the sort of grade system. and what we use for sort of standardizing the strength of medical evidence. Only four findings in that entire review reached the high quality evidence status and the LDL rise was one of them. And this finding is one of the most robustly replicated observations in the entire keto literature. So to summarize this entire point, full keto consistently raises LDL cholesterol and APOB across multiple large meta analyses and randomized control trials. Now, as I said, these aren't big dramatic changes, but if you compound these small changes over decades, what that means is that the very small increases in the number of LDL particles circulating in your blood could increase your risk of coronary artery disease. And really, the interesting thing here is that people who are doing keto are doing it because they want to be healthy and reduce their disease risk. But you can probably guarantee that most people on keto aren't aware of this pattern that is showing up in the research. So if there was an approach that provided most of the metabolic benefits of keto without raising your LDL and this study suggests that there is then surely that is something to take seriously. Now the second topic in this section is all about how your cells age and also something called scinesscent cells. So what are scinsesscent cells and why should anybody following a keto diet even care about them? So a study published in 2024 found that mice so yeah not not the best research paper but bear with me. mice on a long-term continuous ketogenic diet accumulated what are called scinsesscent cells in multiple organs particularly the heart and the kidneys. So every day throughout your body in normal physiology cells accumulate damage from radiation from free radicals from normal metabolic stress from the simple act of replicating their DNA. cells damage and replace themselves all the time. Now, most damaged cells either repair themselves or self-destruct in a clean, controlled process called apoptosis, making way for healthy replacements. This is just normal physiology. But some damaged cells do neither of those things. Instead, they enter a state called scinessence. They stop dividing, but they do not die. They just sit there in your tissues permanently dysfunctional. Now, is scinessence always harmful? Well, no. In small amounts and short time frames, scinessence could be well, it actually is useful. It is part of how the body suppresses cancer and helps to heal your wounds. Think of it like a temporary quarantine. The damaged cells get frozen in place so it cannot multiply and potentially become cancerous while the immune system is supposed to come along and then clear it out. Your immune system which is your natural killer cells, your tea cells, your macrofasages, this is the normal waste collection service for these scinsesscent cells. Now in a young healthy immune system, this clearance works really well. The problem though is accumulation. So, as we age or when something accelerates the production of scinesscent cells beyond the immune system's ability to clear them, they begin to build up. And here's where the damage comes from. So, even though scesscent cells are not multiplying, they're not exactly silent either. they continuously secrete a cocktail of inflammatory signals like cytoines and enzymes and other molecules as well into the surrounding tissues. Now this chronic lowgrade inflammation from accumulating scinesscent cells is thought to contribute to the tissue damage seen in many age related diseases including heart disease and kidney dysfunction and arthritis and neurodeeneration as well and also cancer progression. Cellular scinessence is one of the most recognized hallmarks of biological aging and clearing these scinesscent cells is currently one of the most active areas of longevity research. There are loads more videos appearing on this topic on YouTube over the last few months. What this study found was that a continuous ketogenic diet appeared to drive scinessence through a specific molecular pathway involving a protein which many of you might have heard of called P-53 which is a very well-known tumor suppressor that operates similarly in human cells and that when activated beyond normal levels can push cells into the scesscent date. Now, that diet appeared to trigger this pathway in heart and kidney tissue in particular. The critically important nuance here for this study is that mice on an intermittent ketogenic diet with planned breaks instead of a continuous one didn't show that same accumulation. These senocent cells appeared with continuous keto but not with cycling in and out of keto. Now, obviously, this was mouse data. Mice are not humans, and we've got to be honest about what that means. The metabolic rates of mice and their lifespans and their immune systems and their hormonal environment are very different to ours. So, a finding in a mouse study, all it does is raise a hypothesis. It doesn't prove the same thing happens in humans. And you know, we shouldn't change a patient's diet based on what a mouse study says alone. But what it gives us is a biologically plausible signal. Plausible because the p-53 pathway involved in that study operates similarly in human cells. And that warrants proper investigation in human trials. And just because this was a mouse study doesn't mean that we can ignore it completely. It is a reason for caution about very long-term continuous true ketogenic diets particularly given the cardiovascular findings that we just discussed. So the third topic is all about your gut microbiome. So what is the gut microbiome and what does a ketogenic diet actually do to it? Well, your gut contains approximately 38 trillion with a T bacteria. 38 trillion more than you have human cells in your entire body. Now, these bacteria are not just passive hitchhikers. They form a very living ecosystem that plays a very active role in your health in ways that science is still sort of mapping out. We're still discovering new things here. What we do know is that these bacteria produce vitamins, particularly B vitamins and vitamin K. They also produce shortchain fatty acids from the fiber that you eat, which feed the lining of your gut and have anti-inflammatory effects that extend well beyond just your gut. They train your immune system as well. The gut wall is the largest immune surface in your body because it is sort of connected to the outside world from your mouth all the way through to your stomach and your intestines and your anus. It is communicating with the outside and the bacteria living on this surface helps your immune cells to learn what to attack and what to leave alone. So a disrupted microbiome where the wrong bacteria dominate and then beneficial bacteria are depleted. This has been associated with increased levels of inflammation and increased susceptibility to infection and inflammatory bowel disease as well, which is a huge important one, and metabolic dysfunction and even problems with your mood through the gut brain axis, which is like a two-way communication network between your gut and your brain. The other important point here is that your microbiome also feeds straight back into the insulin sensitivity story. So short-chain fatty acids produced by beneficial gut bacteria improve how your cells respond to insulin. And when those bacteria decline, that protective effect declines with them. So what does a keto diet specifically do to your gut bacteria? Well, your gut bacteria need fiber to survive. Fiber is their primary food source. And fiber comes almost exclusively from carbohydrates, which includes vegetables and fruits and whole grains and legumes. And as I touched on earlier, if you remove those carbohydrates, then you starve the bacteria that depend on them. Now, that Bath randomized control trial that I talked about earlier found that the ketogenic diet dropped fiber intake to around 15 grams per day, roughly half the NHS recommended intake of 30 grams per day, which still is a bit low to be honest. And the result was a significant and sustained reduction in something called bifido bacteria. One of the most important families of beneficial gut bacteria. Bifidobacteria produces B vitamins. It suppresses harmful pathogens. It helps to regulate your immune function and also help with the metabolism of cholesterol. The keto group lost those. But the low sugar group in that study who still ate whole food carbohydrates, including fiber, had no real change in their gut bacteria at all. And this finding has been replicated across multiple studies. Keto consistently reduces gut microbial diversity, the range of different bacterial species, which is broadly considered to be a marker of a less healthy microbiome. And this is the tension that I flagged up earlier when we were describing what full keto excludes. So the legumes and the whole grains and the fruits, the foods that you have to give up to maintain full keto, these are the same foods that your microbiome depends on. These two dietary requirements are in direct opposition. Now the fourth topic is probably the most interesting one. It's all about adherence. How well do people actually stick to a keto diet over time? This is what we call adherence. And in clinical practice, it is the single most important consideration. And I say that because a treatment that works perfectly in theory, but that people cannot maintain in practice is in health terms pretty useless. A systematic review published in 2025 analyzing 290 ketogenic diet trials between 2019 and 2024 found that 227 of those trials, so 227 out of 290, 78% lasted less than 6 months. So that's nearly four in five keto studies do not even run for half a year. And what this means really is that we don't have robust long-term human data on proper keto because quite simply the people in these trials cannot sustain the diet long enough to generate that data. Now the keto med crossover trial which compared the ketogenic diet directly to the Mediterranean diet over 24 weeks followed by a 12week free choice follow-up found something really interesting. So both diets produced metabolic improvements during the structured phase at the beginning. But when people were free to eat as they chose at that 36 week followup, dietary patterns had shifted consistently and clearly towards the Mediterranean pattern. So when people are no longer in this structured trial and can simply eat what they want, they walk away from keto. This is what that trial showed. Is this just a willpower problem? Well, no, it's not. And that distinction matters. It is not, you know, a problem with willpower. It is a structural observation about the diet itself. Proper keto, like full keto, where you restrict carbohydrates massively, is not just calorically restrictive. It is socially, practically, and cognitively demanding in ways that most other dietary changes are not. What this means is that eating out, eating in a restaurant becomes an obstacle course. Going to a friend's house for dinner requires advanced negotiation. Traveling and shopping and batch cooking and planning snacks and planning your meals and doing the shop and planning how you're going to get energy for a workout becomes really really complicated. And the diet requires ongoing maintenance of a very specific metabolic state, which means that any slip, you know, a tiny bit of birthday cake, a handful of crisps at a party can knock you out of ketosis and require days of adjustments to get back into it, if that makes sense. So to summarize this really important section, nearly 80% of keto trials last under 6 months and when followed up freely, people consistently drift away from keto. Adherence, you know, whether somebody sticks to it or not really is the Achilles heel of the approach and it's the most important practical consideration when recommending a dietary strategy for long-term health. There's no point recommending something that we know people don't stick to past 6 months. The best thing to recommend to somebody is a diet strategy that has most of the benefits, but they can easily sustain for the rest of their life. So in this section, let's go through the options that you've got to incorporate some form of keto into our diet because the evidence shows quite clearly that some form of carb restriction is beneficial for you. So option one, should most people just go full keto? Well, the evidence is pretty clear that full nutritional ketosis works really powerfully in the short term for fat loss and visceral fat reduction and liver fat clearance. But to be honest, for a healthy person who just wants to find a really good approach to their diet and their metabolic health and their longevity, something they can stick to, proper full keto, like proper full keto, where you massively restrict all of your carbohydrates, raises some real concerns across lots of different bodies of evidence, which we've discussed. And that is a consistently replicated rise in LDL cholesterol and apo, a sustained disruption to your gut microbiome, a cellular aging signal in animal models, and most practically a failure rate so high that most of the long-term human evidence simply cannot be collected. People cannot stick to keto for long enough. And here's the analogy that I think captures this most clearly. Imagine a medication that worked really well. It reduced your blood sugar. It shifted your visceral fat. It improved your energy. But the dosing schedule was incredibly complex. You had to take, you know, 15 tablets a day at very specific times. And they were all pretty big tablets, really difficult to swallow. And the research showed that most people in clinical trials found the regime so difficult that they stopped taking them within 6 months. Now, as a doctor, would I recommend that medication to most of my patients? Well, probably not. Even if the drug itself was the best drug out there, because I know that most people won't be able to take it. What we would do is look for another medication that perhaps produced slightly smaller benefits, but that came in fewer tablets or smaller tablets and that people could actually take consistently every day for years. Because the medication that gets taken for 10 years will always produce better long-term outcomes than the slightly better medication that gets abandoned after four or 6 months, if that makes sense. Now, this analogy doesn't work perfectly because what that implies is that full keto is like that big tablet option, the 15 large tablet option. But there's a lot of evidence to suggest that full keto might not be as good as the other option which is simply reducing refined carbs and added sugar. Anyway, the second option is coming in and out of keto. So, which is better for you long term? Cycling in and out of keto or being in ketosis permanently? Well, the cellular aging data from that mouse study that we mentioned earlier that had planned breaks during ketosis, it suggests that those may mitigate some of the continuous keto concerns that we talked about. And there is some logic to it here. So, giving the body periods of normal metabolic operation interspersed with periods of fat burning could be good for you. But what would cycling in and out of keto actually look like in practice? Well, there isn't really a standardized evidence-based cycling protocol with long-term human trial data behind it. Various approaches are discussed in the keto community. Some people do 5 days keto, 2 days moderate carbohydrates. Others do four weeks on, one week off. Some do six months of keto and then several months in this Mediterranean style pattern. But none of those have been rigorously tested in long-term human trials with any meaningful outcome data. And to be honest, the practical reality of coming in and out of keto all the time is a bit more complicated than it sounds. To re-enter ketosis after a break, you typically need several days of very strict carbohydrate restriction under 20 to 50 grams a day while depleting your glycogen stores again. So during that re-entry phase, many people experience what is called keto flu, like fatigue and headaches and brain fog and low mood and poor exercise performance and disrupted sleep as well. This is your body's adjustment to switching fuel systems from burning glucose and glycogen to then burning fat again. And from what I can gather, cuz I've never really experienced keto flu before, it's not pleasant. And it lasts two to five days for most people. Now imagine doing that every few weeks or every few days if that's how you do it. Every cycle you have a period of feeling a bit unwell and performing worse in the gym or having less energy for your family and your social life and needing to plan your shopping and your cooking and social eating around a very specific set of restrictions. Obviously, not everybody will get keto flu inverted commas, but most people do from what I've read. And then you come off it for a while and you feel normal and then start cycling again. And it just sounds a bit complicated, doesn't it? And this really matters because health isn't just about your numbers on a blood test. It's about how you feel, how you perform, whether you can be present with the people that you care about, and whether the approach to eating is something that fits into a full and enjoyable life. Cycling keto is a significant cognitive and logistical burden. It is pretty extreme for most people. It requires planning your shopping around two entirely different dietary frameworks. It can impair your exercise performance during a transition week. And for somebody using exercise as part of their overall health strategy, that is a real cost. It disrupts your body's routine, which our biology really does value. The body adapts better to consistency rather than repeated big swings in anything. And there is also a specific concern with this cycling approach that that Bath randomized control trial highlighted that keto reduces your glucose tolerance, meaning the body becomes temporarily less efficient at handling carbohydrates from a meal. And this appears to be a muscular adaptation to low carbohydrate availability. So when you cycle off keto and you reintroduce carbohydrates, you are doing so with temporarily impaired ability to handle those carbs, which is the opposite of what you want. Now, could cycling be appropriate for some people? Well, obviously yes. Specifically for people who already have their foundation really solid. If you've absolutely mastered certain parts of your life and you're a really high achiever and you love a challenge, then this could be for you. If you exercise consistently, if you sleep well, if you eat broadly well the rest of the time and you have no underlying cardiovascular risk factors and you want to explore the metabolic effects of periodic ketosis as a tool for optimization, then a structured cycling approach could be a reasonable experiment. I'm not recommending anybody does it, but it could be, you know, sensible for some people. But in my opinion, it's not the best place to start. It's not appropriate advice for somebody who might be overweight or sedentary or confused about nutrition and looking for a good place to begin. And for the vast majority of people seeking long-term health, not rapid short-term fat loss, but actual sustainable longevity habits, I don't think it's the most practical recommendation. If you need to drop a significant amount of weight quickly or you've got a specific short-term goal, like a medical procedure that requires weight loss or a personal deadline, whatever that might be, then a structured keto or very low calorie ketogenic protocol under medical supervision could be a powerful short-term tool. But that is very different from a dietary strategy for the rest of your life. And then finally, option three is about cutting just sugars and refined carbohydrates. If you're thinking about doing keto, then this is the approach I would recommend. Rather than doing full keto or cycling in and out of keto just to cut sugars and refined carbohydrates, this is the approach that I think has the most evidence behind it and is the most appropriate for most people over the long run. So, in terms of that randomized control trial we talked about earlier in the video, simply cutting free sugars and added sugars while keeping whole food carbohydrates including fiber richch foods including root vegetables and legumes, you know, the really good stuff we recommend to eat. Now, in terms of that randomized control trial we talked about earlier, simply cutting sugars and refined carbohydrates, well, keeping these whole carbohydrates in your diet, like legumes and root vegetables, the stuff that we think is really good for you, this actually produced a good amount of fat loss, a 10% reduction in LDL cholesterol, and no change in your APO, which we saw in the other approaches, and also no disruption to your gut microbiome. So you get most of the metabolic benefit, but you avoid the cardiovascular risk problem as well. You preserve your gut microbiome and you keep all the foods that we know are really, really health protective like legumes and whole grains and fruit as well. Now think about what a diet based on whole foods and fiber and quality protein and healthy fats actually looks like in practice. So breakfast might be eggs with some avocado and a handful of spinach or a bowl of oats with some nuts and berries. Your lunch could be a salad with some chickpeas and olive oil and some fish. Dinner could be a piece of salmon or chicken or a steak with some roasted veg and some lentils. And with this sort of approach, you got lots of variety, lots of color, and lots of goodness in those sorts of food. Nothing is off the table in a way that requires social negotiation or meal bymeal planning like full keto would. You can go to a restaurant with your friends. You can eat at somebody's house without phoning ahead. You can travel. You know, the diet is completely adaptable and adjustable to your life rather than requiring life to adapt to the diet. And here's something else that's worth mentioning at this point. If you remove ultrarocessed foods from your diet, which provides roughly 2/3 of the added sugar and refined carbohydrates in the average western diet and you replace it with whole foods, you automatically cut your sugar intake. You automatically increase your fiber intake. You automatically diversify your gut microbiome and automatically reduce your overall glycemic load. So, you don't need to track your carbohydrates or track your macronutrients or where your food. You just stop eating the biscuits and the fizzy drinks and the white bread and the processed snacks and the ready meals. And when you do that, you automatically have a diet that is incredibly good for you and automatically gets rid of the refined carbohydrates and added sugar that gives you most of the benefit of keto. So, which dietary pattern has the strongest long-term evidence for keeping people alive and well? Well, when we talk about what keeps people healthy, not over 12 weeks in a clinical trial, but over decades of real life, there is one dietary pattern that has more human evidence behind it than anything else. You've probably heard of it called the Mediterranean diet. And I want to be clear about what that term actually means and what it doesn't mean. The Mediterranean diet is not a rigid meal plan. It does not mean eating specifically Italian or Greek food. The reason it's called the Mediterranean diet is simply that the traditional eating patterns of populations around the Mediterranean happens to be one that researchers followed for the longest time and in the largest populations. You do not need to live anywhere near the Mediterranean to eat this way. The name is essentially a historical accident. What it actually describes is this. A diet built primarily around whole, minimally processed foods, plenty of veg, as many different colors and types as you can get because different veg feed different gut bacteria and provide different nutrients. It means legumes, so things like lentils and chickpeas, which we eat pretty much every day. beans eaten regularly because they are absolutely massively rich in fiber and protein and compound and reduce your cardiovascular risk over time. This is what the evidence says. It also means whole grains, so things like oats and brown rice and barley and quinoa and whole grain bread specifically like fermented seeded sourdough which provide the fiber that feeds your gut and slows down digestion. It also means good quality protein like fish, particularly oily fish and eggs and poultry and a small amount of red meat as well and modest amounts of dairy and also healthy fats like olive oil and nuts and seeds and avocado and very little in the way of ultrarocessed foods and added sugar or refined carbohydrates. Anything basically that comes in a packet with more than five ingredients on the label. Now clearly apart from trying to reduce ultrarocessed foods that is not a restrictive diet. That is a massive you know array of things that you could be eating every single day. It is not restrictive in its nature. You can call it what you like. A whole food diet or an anti-inflammatory diet or a longevity diet or call it the Mediterranean diet if you want. The label doesn't really matter. What matters is the pattern. And that pattern has extraordinary long-term evidence behind it. Now, as an example of that, a metaanalysis of 29 observational studies covering over 1.6 million people found greater adherence to this kind of diet was associated with a 10% reduction in all cause mortality, dying from any cause. Another study, a 25 year cohort study of over 25,000 women, one of the longest dietary follow-up studies ever conducted, found that those eating closest to this pattern, had a 23% lower risk of dying during that study time with improvements in inflammatory markers and insulin resistance, um, blood pressure and weight as well. And then another study for you, a systematic review covering over 158,000 older adults found that high adherence to this sort of dietary pattern reduced all cause mortality by 23% and cardiovascular mortality by 27%. Now the important thing to mention is that these are observational studies. They watch what people eat and then what happens over time. They cannot definitely prove that the diet itself caused the better outcomes because people who eat this way also tend to exercise more and smoke less and sleep better and generally make a broader range of healthy choices. The diets may partly be a marker of a healthconscious lifestyle rather than the sole driver of the benefit. But does that make the evidence less useful? Well, I would argue the opposite. If eating whole foods and prioritizing fiber and protein and healthy fats and cutting out ultrarocessed food tends to go handinhand with better sleep and more exercise and other positive lifestyle choices, that absolutely is not a reason to dismiss it. That is the point of this. These things feed into each other. When you start eating better, you have more energy to exercise. You then sleep better. you then make better food choices the next day because you feel more refreshed and you're craving less sugary food. And then when you're not relying on ultrarocessed food, you are cooking more. You're engaging more with what you eat. And you're building habits that compound over time. We're talking about the rest of your life here, preventing or delaying the moment that you die. So that could be 10, 20, 40, 50 years or whatever. So whether you call it the Mediterranean diet or a whole food diet or simply eating like a sensible person like our ancestors would have done, the evidence consistently points to the same cluster of behaviors and they reinforce each other. Just remember, we're talking about 25 years, hundreds of thousands of people, a 23% reduction in your risk of dying. That is the kind of long-term human evidence that full keto simply doesn't have and cannot have because most people cannot maintain it long enough to generate that sort of data. And if you're going to pick an eating pattern that prolongs your life, then it has to be a pattern that you can sustain over decades. So after all of that, what should you actually do regarding keto? Should you do keto? Should you not do keto? Should you sort of cycle in and out? Do you just cut carbs and keep everything else? Well, here's what I think. The underlying insight here that metabolic dysfunction and insulin resistance drive so much of the chronic disease that kills people and that getting the body to burn fat rather than being permanently flooded with glucose and insulin is a really worthy goal. It's something that we should aim for and that is absolutely correct according to the evidence. But where I think keto as a dietary prescription goes wrong is in the practical implementation for most people, not everybody, but for most people. You know, the average person watching these videos. My absolute sort of gut feeling is that the body doesn't like extremes. And for me, that's not a philosophical position. It is built into our physiology. Every system in the body operates within a regulated range. is called homeostasis. When you push hard in one direction, the body adapts, but adaptation has costs like LDL going up like we talked about, your gut bacteria being disrupted, the cellular aging signal in the animal study that we talked about. These are the costs of a state the body was not designed to sustain indefinitely. Ketosis, remember, is a survival mechanism. It is not a baseline setting. So, what do I actually recommend? Well, for someone who wants to drop significant weights quickly, and I wouldn't recommend that, but just say you do, who has a specific medical or personal reason to achieve rapid fat loss, like you know, you need to lose weight for a surgery, then a structured ketogenic protocol or very low calorie ketogenic diet under medical supervision could be a good short-term tool. not for everybody but for some people. The evidence seems to support it for that purpose over the short term. But that is not the same as a lifetime dietary strategy. These people who want to live well and live long, we need to pick something that will work for 30 or 50 years. For the majority of people watching this who feel overwhelmed by conflicting dietary advice, who want to genuinely improve their long-term health, who want to reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer and dementia, and who want a way of eating that they can maintain for the long run, here's what you should do. So, you should be eating mostly whole foods. You need to be cooking and preparing your own meals as much as you can. You need to have a proper breakfast. So that isn't cereal or toast with jam or a cross or anything sweet because anything sweet for your breakfast is a dessert. It means things like an omelette or scrambled eggs or dippy eggs or smoked salmon or Greek yogurt with some nuts and berries and seeds. It means something that will actually fill you up, that is actually whole food and that doesn't spike your insulin before 8:00 a.m. It means eating three proper meals a day. eating enough protein and fiber at each of those meals to feel genuinely satisfied at the end of it. So that snacking between meals becomes unnecessary. You should arrive at your next meal feeling a bit hungry but not ravenous for snacks but you know genuinely ready to eat your next meal. You know because that hunger between meals is really important. It means that your insulin levels have returned to baseline. you're not constantly snacking all the way through the day, keeping your blood sugar elevated and your insulin elevated as well. Remember the fuel priority order that we talked about earlier. So glucose comes down relatively quickly after a meal, but insulin always stays elevated for a bit longer. So if you're snacking continuously, you are keeping your insulin level elevated all day, which means you are never giving your body the chance to shift into fat burning mode. And it also means protecting your overnight fast. This is one of the most powerful metabolic interventions available to you and it costs absolutely nothing. It means that you know eating your last meal at around 6:00 or 7 in the evening and then having your breakfast at 7 or 8 in the morning. So that is a 13 to 14 hour overnight fast. And I would say that's the bare minimum that you should be aiming for. During those hours, your body works through the fuel priority order that we described earlier, depleting its immediate glucose supply, then working through its glycogen stores and then by the early hours of the morning, quietly burning fat and producing low levels of ketones. And like I said earlier, this isn't, you know, a strict sort of cut off where you switch from one to the other. All of it overlaps, but the longer that you can stretch your overnight fast for, the more ketones you're going to be generating by the morning. So basically, you're going very quietly and very gently ketogenic every single night without any restriction, without the keto flu, without any of the downsides of the full ketogenic diet, and without excluding any foods apart from the stuff that's bad for us anyway, like ultrarocessed food and refined carbohydrates. Now over weeks and months that regular overnight metabolic reset accumulates. Your body gets regular practice at burning fat. Your liver fat and your visceral fat will gradually reduce. Your insulin sensitivity will improve. Now the key behaviors that protect this fasting window are pretty simple. It means not eating late at night. Do not snack after dinner. If you're genuinely hungry in the evening, then eat a bit more at dinner. Eat more of the good stuff because this food is sort of like medicine for you. Protect those overnight hours of fat burning as much as you can. Then through your eating day, think about how to occasionally push a little deeper into that fat burning state, not by going full keto, but by the natural consequence of whole food eating. And also, if you exercise in the morning before your breakfast or you go for a long walk, you'll burn through more of that glycogen and push closer into the sort of mild ketosis state. If you have a busy day and eat later than usual, then the fasting window will extend naturally as well. None of this requires a rigid protocol like the proper keto diet does. It happens as the byproduct of eating well and protecting your fasting window and moving more. And perhaps the most important point about all of this is to try and reduce or cut out ultrarocessed foods as much as you can because ultrarocessed food is more than anything else the primary driver of excess added sugar of excess refined carbohydrates and excess calorie density in the modern western diet. So if you remove it then the rest of your diet will improve. Your fiber intake will naturally go up. Your gut microbiome will improve. Your blood glucose becomes more stable. Your insulin levels spend more time at baseline. You naturally eat less, not because you're counting calories, but because whole foods are more satisfying per calorie. They keep you full for longer. So what you end up with if you follow this approach is a diet where your carbohydrate intake consists almost entirely of really really good foods, fiber richch whole food sources. And according to the evidence, that is the best approach for the average person watching this video. You get most of the benefits of keto and also the good chance that you're going to sustain that over your lifetime. And really the best pieces of medical advice that we can give you are things that you can sustain over the long run. So I really hope you found that video useful today. That has been a long one. Please let me know if you found this length useful, this level of detail useful, or whether just a 10-minute video sort of skimming the surface would be better for you. I really really appreciate all your feedback and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrAlexWibberley [221 likes]: Hello everyone and thank you for watching! I really hope you found this video useful. I read as many of your comments as possible and try to reply to as many as I can every day across the channel. The community on this channel is absolutely fantastic.... people sharing their stories, supporting each other, and learning together. It's amazing to see. 

It means a lot to me that this has become a space where people are interested in the simple things that keep us healthy and prevent problems before they ever reach the hospital. If there’s a topic you’d like me to explain in a future video, please let me know in the comments.

If you’d like to support me, the best thing you can do is click the like button and subscribe. It really helps these videos reach more people who might benefit from them, and it allows me to keep making them! 

My goal with these videos is simple: to help as many people as possible stay healthier and avoid ending up in the emergency department if we can. 

And just in case there's any doubt... any AI-generated videos of me are completely fake and not affiliated with me in any way. I’m actively reporting these channels, and I’d encourage you to do the same if you see them.

Dr Alex 😊
  2. @ptbwinland146: Did Tim Russert have high LDL ?
  3. @ptbwinland146: Watch the cholesterol code by Dave Feldman and the studies on Keto and cardiovascular disease progression
  4. @hannanhan: 🙏
  5. @niceguyrides: You did not mention the healthy LDL particles do not embed in arterial walls, only oxidated ones. And Keto lowers oxidation.
  6. @joseph1845: My brain works better when I avoid starchy carbs and sugar, I have less inflammation too, I'm not convinced what you think is a normal diet is actually normal.
  7. @spicyhundun: I think it's a combination of diet + sleep + stress reduction.  A lot of the meta-analysis on ketogenic diets don't account for stress and sleep.  The human body is a complex system that works holistically that's why ketogenic diet alone doesn't prevent cardiovascular disease you also need stress management, recovery, and good sleep.  

My intuition and hypothesis is that once you take those studies and weight/normalize for stress and sleep you will see that ketogenic diets are the best form for preventing heart disease. 

Eat less (reduce carbohydrates), move, meditate, and sleep well.
  8. @katyasavelieva9649: I would disagree and say that oatmeal and beans and lentils and foods like that are not the most nutritious foods …. If one wants fiber and vitamins and minerals- leafy greens and non-starchy vegetables are the way to go. And one can have large amount of those on keto diet
  9. @everly-rose-003: i think an egg is a processed food...through an animal.    
most of our ancestors didn't have much animal based foods.   still i generally like the discussion on ketosis.....not sure you mentioned fasting?
  10. @bign_music: You do not mention anti-nutrients like phytates that are in a lot of veg. A lot of these nutrients in plants are NOT bio available to us AND they take nutrients from other foods eaten simultaneously. E.G. a study showed that zinc absorption from eating Oysters was reduced to a fifth when eaten with the same weight of black beans (Legumes which you say are super healthy) it was reduced to almost zero when eaten with corn tortillas. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip7tZzEZAp0
  11. @annarempel113: Thank you Dr Alex for these videos! I watch one or 2 everyday and I'm feeling more control over my long-term health with this education!! All the best to you!
  12. @tranthanhnguyenduong3043: okkk
  13. @garybass821: Keto Flu is easily avoided by supplementing with electrolytes and sodium.
  14. @allan500m: Although the video was a bit long, and I properly would not watch video of this lenght on a daily basis, I think it was a really good and detailed video. And I actually enjoyed the lenght and detail for a video on this topic 🙂

I would recommend most of your video's are in that 10 to 15 minutes range, but then occasionaly still have these long almost 1,5 hour long detailed videos.

But many thanks for all the information you are sharing, and I really enjoy watching your videos 🙂
  15. @richtheobald4390: So what is the rate of cardiovascular events in the lmhr ldl group of keto dieters? Wouldn't that be the proper indicator?
  16. @jok.310: You are an excellent speaker and extremely good at explaining really complicated metabolic systems in an exceptionally fantastic way!
  17. @rachelmelissa7298: The dog barking example to describe insulin - perfect! You use great analogies, it really helps. It drives me wild that standard GPs only test BSL, not insulin. The last 2 times I asked different Drs, I was told "We don't test insulin". And "Blood sugar and insulin is pretty much the same thing. Insulin test results won't tell you anything more than your blood sugar results will". OMG 🤦 It's honestly scarey
  18. @dknippify: This was so unhelpful. Really useless. You make an hour's long talk on the presumption that the people who are going to listen to you are "regular" people with normal health. Why would you make that assumption? Keto is a therapeutic diet, and it's also a horribly restrictive diet, very unpleasant to do and to stick with. 
So given those facts one should assume that many people doing keto in a serious way are not doing it out of vanity, or out of trying to optimize their health or whatever gibberish is fashionable these days. THEY ARE DOING IT BECAUSE THEY ARE SICK, IN PAIN AND DESPERATE FOR HELP. They've been told the keto might help them with their Alzheimers, their epilepsy, their neuralgia, their migraines, and any one of a great number of other neurological conditions. 
I thought you were a medical doctor??? You sound like a "wellness coach." Shouldn't you be concerning yourself with the medical needs of people on keto? 
I watched this video because I wanted to learn if there is some other approach that would provide the same therapeutic effects as keto but with fewer restrictions! You don't talk about any of that, and whether or not the alternatives might be as effective IN A THERAPEUTIC WAY in dealing with dementia, headaches, brain fog, etc. NO MENTION OF THIS WHATSOEVER in what is an extremely long-winded video. 
Further, let me just say that you seem to know very little about what you are talking about. In my experience doing keto for severe chronic migraine, I found that it had an EXTREME diuretic effect, which in turn then had the effect of depleting essential minerals, magnesium, potassium and so on. And in my case it was simply impossible to take enough mineral supplements/electrolytes to replace what was being constantly lost. Nor was it possible really to live with the constant urination. 
I don't ask that you address my particular medical condition but I do ask that you recognize that people doing keto are very likely to have serious medical conditions and to not be people "in normal health" and to reflect that in your commentary. 
Your video was useless for me. And it will likewise be useless to thousands who might see it and hope that it would contains some MEDICAL INFORMATION rather than simply respond to the faddishness of the latest weight-loss diet. 
Ugh.
  19. @geoffreyquaile4383: Dr.  Alex, as a person struggling with statins, my google research tells me that LDL is only part of the equation and that the catalyst is arterial inflammation, caused by chronic high levels of insultation associated with among other issues, fatty livers.  It is also suggested by google  best way to determine if your LDL levels are a risk is to have a calcium screening.  Any thoughts?  FYI I'm working on reducing my visceral fat, as a means to stabilizing or reversing my prediabetic prognosis.
  20. @MrSynth-GUNSHIP: You said that legumes, chickpeas and bens are "super nutritious", that's a lie: 100g of them have around 8-9g of protein (70-80% bioavaliability or BA), Iron: 2-3,5mg (5-10% BA), zinc: 1-1,5mg (15-25% BA), calcium: 19-60mg (20-30% BA), magnesium: 36-45mg (30-40% BA)...I can keep going, but it's bad. The only reasonable nutrients you can absorb from these foods are potassium and magnesium, but leafy greens are better to get these with a lower carb quantity. You call them super nutritious because you want to sell them in a good light, but the facts don't hold. Animal foods deliver much more of almost any nutrient, with few exceptions.

Cholesterol - I think Dr Robert Sywes is right about cholesterol and where there is or not risk to be considered here, it shouldn't matter to someone doing keto. In my humble opinion, makes absolute sense that insulin resistance is one of the main drivers, the heart is very energy hungry, so reducing how much energy he can get because of the insulin resistance is bad, also, there should be made a very big distinction between people that can produce a lot of insulin and the ones that don't, the people that produce low quantities of insulin are the "never getting fat ones", because they are always in fat burning mode (almost type 1 diabetics) no matter how bad their diet is, this means more sugar in the blood and the formation of plaque, wich obesogenic people don't get, at least not before they become insulin resistant. Cholesterol is only a problem when you get inflamation driven by excess sugar, wich is caused by low insulin allowing sugar to cause damage or insulin resistance. I've seen many people's blood tests and the ones that have always been lean, have very low insulin results, mine (obesogenic) was quite high before keto. I don't agree that cholesterol can form plaque without inflamation.

Aging - Any of you heard of Maggie White? Google her and be amazed. She is 85, been carnivore her whole life, and looks amazing for her age.
Senescent cells: few studies in this area, not much can be said with sure, what reduces their formation: exercise, lifting weights and aerobic, chaloric restriction, good sleep and avoiding hyperglicemy (points to keto); What can eliminate existing senescent cells: flavonoids found in strawberries (wich is keto aproved) and some other compounds wich are under study in animals.

Microbiom: it depends on what you feed it, you don't need fiber to slow down absobtion of carbs if you don't eat cabs.

- EAT THIS For Incredible Health Benefits & LONGEVITY (Unlocking The Keto Code) | Steven Gundry: Kind: captions Language: en with literally wasting fuel ketones instruct mitochondria to make more of [Music] themselves welcome to the Dr gundry podcast okay first things first I was wrong and I'm Not The Only One turns out health professionals around the world were wrong about how the keto diet works but you know what I embrace finding out that I'm wrong in fact it actually motivates me it's why I do what I do to empower you with the latest and greatest science discoveries so that you can live a long healthy fulfilled life you see I'm actually committed to researching that means continuing to look again that's the definition of research at our current mainstream Health beliefs in search of the TR truth so today I'm excited to share this groundbreaking research with you today plus I'll give you a sneak peek of what's inside my new book out today unlocking the keto code so we'll be right back you're not going to miss this one where I tell you how all of us were wrong about keto and its effects we'll be right back welcome back now don't be fooled by the title unlocking the keto code even if you're not interested in keto this book with my latest findings for optimizing health is really longevity Paradox 2.0 or as I like to call it the real key to the Fountain of Youth and it's not what you think and it really comes down to just one thing like the line in City Slickers first let's discuss what exactly is the keto diet well there are so many versions of the keto diet that the mind really can't get itself around the whole concept there's traditional keto there's dirty keto there's cheating keto there's high fiber keto there's high protein keto there's muscle sparing keto there's protein sparing keto how does anybody know what keto is anymore well the traditional keto diet was actually developed as a treatment for epileptic children before any of the anti-seizure drugs were available and that diet started in the 1930s and it utilized an 80% fat diet a 10% carbohydrate diet and a 10% protein and remarkably it was at least 50% effective in reducing and stopping seizures in children uh it fell out of favor when drugs like Dilantin and phenobarb were invented but it actually had a Resurgence a few years ago with the finding that you could give kids MCT oil medium chain triglycerides at a much lower amount of fat dose say a 50 % fat diet and give them more carbohydrates and more proteins now why do that quite frankly uh for all of you keto dieters who have failed out there eating an 80% fat diet is number one incredibly boring and the carb drive that I talk about in the new book is built into to actually all animals seeking carbohydrates including us and so that makes really good sense why 60% of people who start a ketogenic diet for health reasons stop because they just cannot stand the restrictions the other thing that's important to realize is that children who were on this actually had growth retardation and didn't develop muscles well and in the book you're going to find out exactly why that happens in an extremely high fat ketogenic diet okay as most of you know I've been recommending a ketogenic version of the plant Paradox program for over 20 years now and in the plant Paradox it's chapter 10 the keto intensive care program but any of my alert readers and certainly my patients who follow that program uh notice that there's a whole whole lot of carbohydrates in the ketogenic program and a lot of people don't question that but a lot of people who think that you have to eat an 80% fat diet to achieve ketosis wonder why my ketogenic program is so easy to follow and so effective and in fact I profile one of my patients Janet at the start of the book to show how following the principles of that program she not only effortly lost weight reduced her pre-diabetes reduced her cholesterol numbers but she was so successful that she actually wanted to start to gain weight and we go through why she actually found it difficult to gain weight and that's actually one of the things we're going to unlock in the keto code wouldn't it be wonderful to be one of those people and we all know these people who seem to eat anything they want they can have a piece of cake they can have a croissant they can have a fruit smoothie and they don't exercise and you and I you know go to the gym we run we do spin classes we do Pilates and we even you know we just look at a carbohydrate or food and it seems like we gain weight well we've often been told that that's our genes that that person was lucky well it turns out we now know as I talk about in the keto code from twin studies twins have identical genes and in twin studies it's been found that where one twin is overweight or obese and the other twin is normal or skinny they have the identical genes the mitochondria in the overweight twin are lazy now that doesn't mean the twin is lazy it means the mitochondria is unable to process calories properly to take those calories and turn them into energy instead the mitochondria takes those calories and stores them as fat and what we've learned about the skinny twin and the skinny folks that you hate is that their mitochondria have actually adopted a way of wasting a lot of the calories that these people eat and the whole principle of unlocking the keto code is telling you how those mitochondria have been trained to waste energy and that's the excitement that's the scientific breakthrough that's going to make a ketogenic diet not so miserable and easy to do now as I mentioned most people who try a ketogenic diet fail it's actually not your fault it's not their fault I profile another one of my patients Miranda who who came to me after 2 years two years on a ketogenic diet and despite being two years on a ketogenic diet she kept gaining weight and she actually when I saw her was a pre-diabetic SL SL diabetic with insulin resistance and how could that possibly happen in a ketogenic diet well as you'll learn in unlocking the keto code what happens is when most most of us most of us Americans are metabolically inflexible now it's a fancy word of saying that normally mitochondria the energy producing organel in almost all of our cells can use sugar glucose to produce ATP or they can use free fatty acids to produce ATP or they can use ketones and normally when you stop eating within 8 hours of stopping eating you should shift over to burning free fatty acids as a fuel there's only one catch when you eat your pancreas produces insulin insulin takes the food you eat and knocks on all your muscle cells and your other cells as a salesperson and says hey this person just ate some great stuff I want to sell you this sugar I want to sell you this protein your cells normally say hey great you know we're hungry open the door bring it in when you stop eating normally insulin should fall because now there's nothing to sell when insulin Falls insulin not only Usher food into cells but think about it if you're trying to store food after you ate you wouldn't want to bring it back out of the cells and the fat cells you'd want to keep it in storage so when insulin is elevated after you eat you won't bring that stuff right back out that's silly but in when insulin Falls then you actually activate an enzyme that brings fat out of f fat cells so that you can use it as a fuel now here's the problem 50% of normal weight individuals in the United States have no metabolic flexibility they have no ability to go get that fat out of fat sores and use it as fuel because they have elevated insulin levels 50% of normal weight people now here's the really bad news if you are overweight 88% of you have no metabolic flexibility you cannot get that fat as a fuel out of your fat cells because an elevated insulin level is stopping you from doing this the worst news if you're obese 99.5% of individuals have no metabolic flexibility you may have all that fat and you can go on a ketogenic diet where you're not eating carbohydrates where you're not eating much protein but you have an elevated insulin level and that elevated insulin level may stay elevated for a very long time and you have all that fat stored already and you cannot get to it the other bad news is fat has nine gram sorry nine calories per gram of food on the other hand carbohydrates and protein have four calories per gram so when you're eating a super high-fat diet you're actually getting twice the amount of calories by weight of carbohydrates and proteins so it's no wonder when most of us are insulin resistant and metabolically inflexible and we start eating more fat it's no wonder of us some of us are like Miranda we just keep gaining weight and keep our insulin resistance and the benefit of unlocking the keto code is there's a way we can trick the system we can hack our insulin resistance without resorting to a high fat ketogenic diet to try and do it okay now I mentioned mitochondria mitochondria take the sugars and proteins and fats that you eat and through a rather complicated process called the electron transport chain convert sugar protein and fat into the energy currency that we all spend called a TP adenosine triphosphate and in fact I talk about in the book The this process is actually very much like a uh hip new club where everybody comes to mingle and hopefully hook up for the night or longer and that hookup is called coupling in mitochondria or in the business of coupling the food we eat with oxygen to produce ATP now that process is actually not as efficient as you might think in mitochondria coupling oxygen with the food we eat is actually very damaging to the mitochondria most of us have heard of free radicals reactive oxygen species these are coupling processes that go wrong inside the mitochondria and they damage the mitoch mitochondria itself and the mitochondria has a lot of repair mechanisms that we go into the book but we'll worry about that later what we now know is about 30% of all the calories that enter the mitochondria for processing actually Escape via back door bya emergency exits and never participate in this coupling process and that process of Escape is called mitochondrial uncoupling in other words you don't couple oxygen with these components to make energy now it seems like that's pretty dumb idea uh why would we waste 30% of the food we eat well it's actually not as dumb as you think it turns out that when we uncouple our mitochondria we produce heat and it's that heat we're a warm-blooded animal that actually Keeps Us warm-blooded but it's also that heat that wastes the calories we eat and lo and behold in unlocking the keto code you'll find out that ketones are not some super fuel in in fact they're not this is well known from human research dating back to the 1970s and confirmed as early as the early 2000s in humans that ketones are a horrible fuel for our mitochondria and in fact are a horrible fuel for our brain just one fun fact human beings at full ketosis only 30% of the energy need needs of our cells can be met with ketones only 30% at full ketosis even the brain can only use 60% ketones as a fuel the brain still wants 30 to 40% of its fuel at full ketosis from glucose so if you take nothing away from today's podcast ketones are not the Super fuel they're made out to be yet ketones have some amazing properties so if they're not a superfuel what are they doing in fact what ketones are doing is they're uncoupling mitochondria even further and that's the unlocking the keto code you don't want to make ketones as a super fuel you want to make ketones as a mitochondrial uncoupler but the best part is there are other substances in the food you eat that can act exactly like ketones e and uncouple your mitochondria even if you're not eating a ketogenic diet and what that means is it means that you can get all the benefits of a high fat boring miserable ketogenic diet without eating a high-fat boring ketogenic diet imagine the possibilities so how did I discover how ketones really work well one of the most important papers I think I've ever read in this search was a paper by Martin brand in the year 2000 and it's a very simple titled paper called uncoupling to survive and let me take you through that real quick because it is totally counterintuitive it is completely paradoxical and you know I love a good Paradox so Dr bran discovered that if you are starving to death and there is no fuel coming in you would think that mitochondria would become super efficient in extracting every last little molecule of ATP from what you've got left to keep the organism alive but what he found out was exactly the opposite mitochondria in the presence of ketones actually waste f fuel waste fuel they become profoundly inefficient let me use the example from the book if you wanted to be an efficient gasoline burner and let's call Fat gasoline you would buy a Toyota Prius or a hybrid vehicle and you'd get 50 miles per gallon of gas that's efficient burning of gasoline on the other hand if you wanted to waste gasoline you'd buy a Ferrari which will get 8 miles per gallon now as I talk about in the book there might be another reason you'd want a Ferrari over a Toyota Prius but stay with the analogy so if you are trying to be efficient at calorie burning you'd be a Toyota Prius but what Dr bran showed and every other study shows that instead of becoming a Toyota Prius when there's no fuel coming in the mitochondria by ketones are instructed to become Ferraris why do they do that because the process of making energy is really harmful to mitochondria and mitochondria are what produce energy so when ketones are around they tell mitochondria to protect yourselves you mitochondria at all costs because if we lose you guys the mitochondria there's nothing left and so sacrifice everything else to save yourself it's you know as you know I live in Palm Springs and we have a wonderful 10,000 foot Mountain Out My Back Door let's suppose I'm in a hot air balloon and the wind now starts pushing me towards the mountain well what am I going to do I'm going to take all the ballast and start throwing that overboard so I can get more height at some point if I'm about to hit the mountain I start looking at the other passengers and we all start eyeing each other going all right which one of you guys is going to jump off why because at the end we're all the mitochondria has to save itself so it will do everything in its power to prot protect itself and to do that it actually wastes fuel now there's a good part of the story simultaneously with literally wasting fuel ketones instruct mitochondria to make more of themselves and mitochondria are remarkable if you've read any of my books they actually carry their own DNA so they can divide within a cell as many times as they want to without the cell dividing so what ketones and other Ketone like substances do is when they tell K mitochondria and a couple and waste fuel they actually tell mitochondria to make more of you guys so that now there's more mitochondria not working individually as hard but producing the equal amount of energy that one mitochondria would have struggled to do in the first place it's kind of like if you're on a dog slide and you got one dog and you add five more dogs and now have a six dog Bob uh sled you now have six dogs doing the work of one dog and actually making better progress and this is exactly what unlocking the keto code means each min mondria has to work less but more mitochondria is made third thing that happens is that mitochondria are instructed not only to waste Fuel and make more mitochondria but to repair any defects any damage that's been done to the mitochondria up to that point and if you've been following me you know that mitochondria working properly is the key to energy and also the key to longevity and one more fun fact when Dr brand looked at the mitochondria of the oldest living human beings who are living well these are 105y old plus those individuals had the most uncoupled mitochondria so uncoupling is the key to survive and the book as strange as that name is uncoupling teaches you how to uncouple your mitochondria without the need of a ketogenic diet and that's what I'm so excited about now I can't wait for you to get the book but if you wanted to one make one change starting today to start this process to opt optimize your mitochondria it turns out it's something I've been telling folks for over 20 years now the more I can restrict the time of day that you actually eat food and get that period of time that you eat food down to about 6 to 8 hours a day the better your mitochondria are going to work the better flexibility you're going to get to mitochondria and fun news just by compressing your eating window if you want to call it time controlled eating if you want to call it intermittent fasting but compressing your eating window from the time you start in the late morning to the time you finish in the early evening down to about 6 to 8 hours a day the better your mitochondria are going to work and from Human athlete studies the more weight you're going to lose even though you're eating a full day calories so wow you can have all the food you want to eat if we just compress the time of day you do and in the book I'm going to walk you through an easy way where one hour a week we're going to push back the time we eat breakfast and we're going to do that for five weeks good news you're going to take the weekends off so and you're going to find that it's really easy to transition from eating three meals a day to eating two meals a day but getting all the calories that you would have gotten from the three meals a day and you're still going to improve mitochondrial function and you're going to automatically lose weight because you've actually training your mitochondria to do a caloric bypass on the food you eat it's so exciting you know I can't wait for you to get unlocking the keto code so that's a teaser for the new book start today if you eat breakfast at 7:00 tomorrow for the rest of the Week start at 8:00 take the weekend off next week instead of 8:00 let's go to 9:00 do that all week by then the keto code will arrive and you'll have the complete set of information on how to do it all right unlocking the keto code book launch happens today please get a copy whereever you get your books Amazon Barnes & Noble you can go to your local book seller as you know know I'm multiple New York Times best-selling books they should have it and they should have my other books as well but get unlocking the keto code it's secretly longevity Paradox 2 and as you're going to learn there is just one thing that binds all the great diets together and that turns out to be mitochondrial uncoupling and the stuff you're going to find that uncouple your mitochondria and the foods you eat is going to blow your mind it's uh it's actually really exciting I can't wait for you to get it okay it's time for our audience question from bulletproof coconut on Instagram what are your thoughts on hard ketones well it turns out most of you probably have never even heard of hard ketones there happens to be a beverage company that makes a celer which is an alcoholic drink but the alcohol is a half Ketone which in some circles is called a hard Ketone believe it or not it is still an alcohol uh but it's an alcohol that when our body uses it it appears as a ketone and it makes beta hydroxy beate I personally have absolutely no experience with the product it is advertised on the Internet it's quite expensive they're pretty much out of stock I looked into it but uh the reviews are quite frankly mixed I find it's a whole lot easier if you want to make ketones believe it or not all you got to do is take a tablespoon of MCT oil you can swallow it you can put it in your coffee you can mix it in olive oil put it on your salad or fun fact from the book goat milk and sheep milk and goat yogurt and sheep yogurt and goat cheeses and sheep cheeses 30% of the fat in those uh animals milk is medium chain triglycerides MCTS and you're going to find out how easy it is to generate ketones just by having MCT or having goat and sheep cheese without having to pay an arm and a leg for some special beverage but that's a great question uh bulletproof coconut thanks for asking now it's time for the review of the week uh Bean 2 all 50 from YouTube commented on the yes no food list lecture after a year of going El andfree my cardiologist asked me what I did to improve my health I told him a little about you Dr gundry but he really didn't want to hear it he said whatever you're doing keep doing it I'm 70 and feel better than I have for decades thanks Dr gundry well thank you Ben two all 50 uh this is a very very common response uh from so many of my patients who have adapted my program and when their cardiologist sees their new numbers uh most of the time the cardiologist assumes that they've taken the Statin drug that was prescribed and in fact they hadn't been taking the Statin drug and when they tell them they hadn't uh they basically say uh I don't know just keep doing what you're doing and it's really too bad because as you know I've I've spent my career uh trying to teach uh anyone who will listen including uh family practice doctors internists and cardiologist that there might be more to heart disease and health than the cholesterol theory of heart disease and I'll give you a quick example uh today uh from this week uh I saw a patient who actually uh runs an orthopedic uh Medical Practice and this gentleman has been plagued with high cholesterol his entire life multiple Physicians have urged him to take statin drugs he has resisted he has been following my program for two years uh he runs LDL cholesterols of 350 he has a total cholesterol of over 500 and finally after the urging of several of the practitioners in his practice he agreed to get a CT coronary anagram a CT coronary anagram basically gives you a 3D picture of how much plaque is in your coronary arteries and anybody want to guess how much plaque was in the coronary arteries of this gentleman following my program if you guessed zero you are correct now the person who did the study was apoplectic that a person could be walking around with death defying cholesterol numbers but when I showed this gentleman one of the tests we do looking at whether that cholesterol is activated to stick to blood vessels since beginning my program he's never had had any activated cholesterol despite the fact that his cholesterol numbers are high now sadly most cardiologists don't even know about this test but it is available it's called Ox Ox capital P capital L Dash Appo AO capital B oxpl-apob and it literally tells you whether your cholesterol is m or not it's state-of-the-art it's available and this guy is a living walking example that the cholesterol Theory the cholesterol hypothesis of coronary AR disease is uh full of holes so thanks keep doing what you're doing please please please try to educate your cardiologist that there's something here I've been doing this now with patients for over 25 years and remember my life was changed by watching Big Ed clean out his inoperable coronary artery disease with a diet and supplements just like I subscribe to so thanks a lot thanks for writing this is why I do this your letters mean so much to me because I'm Dr gundry and I'm always looking out for you we'll see you next week I hope you enjoyed this episode of the Dr gundry podcast make sure to check out the next one here

  Top Comments:
  1. @andreswendysoto7615 [5 likes]: I was reluctant to listen to your podcast when it popped up in YouTube, but now I’m watching every one. I started the keto diet over a month ago and I appreciate so much your help in this trip.
  2. @havelock1 [1 likes]: I’m in New Zealand and I have bought The Keto Code book - it’s an amazing tool that has helped me to turn my health and hunger around and my test results are all normal now.  The best thing is  am no longer hungry 24/7
  3. @ElizabethEllisCoach [1 likes]: Hmmm, but are those beans on your tie? ❤
  4. @KimKlaar [1 likes]: I love Dr. Gundry because he actually knows how to pronounce the word MISCHIEVOUS.
  5. @葉瓊鞠: 一、核心觀點概述

Gundry 醫師指出，大家對「生酮飲食（keto）能帶來的益處」的理解，多有誤解。其實真正的關鍵不只是「極低碳＋高脂」這樣的宏量營養配置，而是「代謝彈性」與「線粒體功能／質量提升」。

他強調「線粒體解耦（mitochondrial uncoupling）」的概念：透過某些飲食及生活方式，使線粒體「不那麼高效地把能量一分不剩地轉換」而是「故意浪費部分燃料」，這種機制反而可能與延壽、代謝健康與體脂控制有關。
Gundry 提出：你並不需要完全遵循傳統「80%脂肪／10%碳水／10%蛋白」的生酮模式，他反而主張一種 «更靈活／更廣植物食材＋更好生活節奏» 的方式。
💕💕飲食之外，他也很看重「進食時間窗」及「延長禁食時間／縮短進食窗」這類時間控制（time-restricted eating），對於代謝彈性與線粒體健康也很有幫助。

二、要吃什麼／避免什麼：具體飲食建議
✅ 推薦吃的

中鏈三酸甘油脂（MCT oil）或含 MCT 豐富的食物（如羊奶／山羊奶製品）→ Gundry 提到，中鏈脂肪可較快進入肝臟並轉為酮體，有助「打開」解耦機制。

❤❤發酵食品、富含纖維的蔬菜，尤其十字花科蔬菜（如花椰菜、綠花椰、甘藍）、洋蔥、大蒜、韭蔥等，及抗營養／抗氧化成分多的食物（多酚類）。

全脂優質乳製品（特別是羊／山羊奶或來自草飼牛的乳品）、野生捕撈魚類、草飼紅肉、優質橄欖油、堅果，搭配低加工、低精製澱粉的飲食方式。

時間控制：例如僅在一天中選擇 6–8 小時內進食，其他時間維持低／無熱量飲品，讓身體進入燃脂／代謝修復模式。

❌ 建議避免或限制的

過度加工的碳水化合物、精製糖、果汁、含高果糖的飲品。

過度長時間、高比例的脂肪攝取（傳統嚴格生酮飲食中常見）但未照顧到「胰島素／代謝彈性」問題，可能導致反效果。Gundry 指出有些人反而體重上升。

長期缺乏進食窗控制、頻繁零食或吃吃停停、血糖／胰島素常駐高水平，會破壞「代謝彈性」。

三、機制解說：為什麼這樣做能促進健康／長壽

線粒體是細胞內的能量工廠，它們能拿你吃進來的糖／脂肪／蛋白質，搭配氧氣轉成 ATP（能量貨幣）。但這過程伴隨氧化壓力與自由基生成。Gundry 指出：若線粒體過度「高效」，反而容易累積損傷。

「解耦」意味著：線粒體故意讓一部分燃料「洩漏掉／浪費掉」而不全部轉成 ATP。這雖然看似低效率，卻可降低累積損傷、刺激產生更多／更健康的線粒體，且與某些長壽族群的特徵吻合。
Dr Gundry

Gundry 引用研究指出：即便在「完全酮症」的狀態下，人類的腦部仍需 30–40% 的葡萄糖作為燃料，所以酮體並非「完美超級燃料」。關鍵在於酮體／中鏈脂肪「作為信號分子」與「解耦誘導物」的角色。
時間控制／進食窗縮短可提升胰島素下降速度、脂肪釋放及代謝彈性，讓身體在不吃時也能有效啟動脂肪燃燒而非停滯。

四、從聽到「吃什麼」到「怎麼做」：實作流程建議

早上起床：喝黑咖啡或綠茶，加入一湯匙 MCT 油（或山羊／羊奶製品替代）→在禁食狀態下不打破進食窗，但可讓身體啟動代謝機制。

延後早餐時間／延長禁食窗：例如你平常早上 7 點吃早餐，這週改為 8 點，下週改為 9 點，如此逐週往後推，目標為 6–8 小時進食窗。
主餐內容（一天內）：

👍👍蔬菜大量：特別是十字花科、蒜／洋蔥類、發酵蔬菜（如泡菜、酸菜、味噌）

優質蛋白質：草飼牛肉、野生魚類、羊/山羊乳製品

好脂肪：橄欖油、堅果、一些全脂乳品

盡💕💕量避免高果糖水果或果汁、精製穀物。

進食後／晚餐後：避免太晚吃、避免零食打斷禁食窗；維持進食窗外時間為水、茶、無熱量飲品。

週末可稍微放寬：讓飲食模式更可行、可持續，但平日維持較嚴格。

注意個人狀況：若有低血壓、糖尿病、孕婦、哺乳期、年長者或特定慢性病者，需在醫師／營養師指導下調整。

監測與調整：觀察體重變化、血糖/胰島素反應、能量／睡眠／專注力變化，必要時做血液檢查指標追蹤（如胰島素、脂肪肝指數、發炎指標、線粒體功能相關指標等）。

五、利與風險／需注意事項
👍 優點

提升「代謝彈性」：身體更能在不同燃料（糖、脂肪、酮體）間切換。

潛在促進線粒體健康、降低氧化壓力與慢性疾病風險。

時間控制飲食有助體脂控制、血糖穩定、進食自律。

飲食聚焦於未加工、蔬菜豐富、好脂肪與高品質蛋白，有助整體健康。

⚠ 風險與限制

若進食窗過長／營養不均衡（如蔬菜少、蛋白或微量營養素缺乏），可能造成疲勞、肌肉量下降、營養不足。

並非所有人適合強進食窗控制或低碳飲食：例如糖尿病需慎控低血糖，孕婦／哺乳者需較穩定營養攝取，兒童／老年人也需特別謹慎。

「解耦」雖有理論支持，但仍為較新興概念，個體差異大；飲食修改應循序漸進，不宜「極端」。

高脂／極低碳若操作不當，反而可能增加熱量攝取、胰島素阻抗惡化、體重上升（如 Gundry 所指出）。
Dr Gundry
+1

六、如果你想從「聽」轉為「做」，建議你先這樣開始

選定一週作為試驗階段：從延後早餐 1 小時開始，加入每日一湯匙 MCT 油或山羊奶／羊奶乳製品，主餐強化蔬菜＋優質蛋白＋好脂肪。

在進食窗內選擇完整食物、避開加工糖、果汁、精製穀物。

使用日記或 APP 記錄：起床時間、第一餐時間、最後一餐時間、食物簡單紀錄、體感（如飢餓、能量、專注力）、睡眠。

隔週視情況再延後早餐或縮短進食窗，並觀察反應。

若感到頭暈、低血糖、過度飢餓、疲憊、睡眠差，應暫停並回到較寬鬆模式，或諮詢專業。

長期（3-6 月）後，可考慮做血液或生化檢查，觀察胰島素、血糖、體成分、發炎指標、膽固醇／脂質、肝腎功能等。
  6. @Mrtellitlikeitis: This is like oprah.  For years she milked the public out of money, saying do this, then do that, do this to lose weight.  All the while running to the bank

Now that hypocrite says she took shots to lose weight.   The public will always be misled by these people looking to cash in.  Now its a “keto code”.  Keto isnt sustainable for the average person.  Thats been proven over and over
  7. @SG-ce7ji: ❤❤❤❤❤
  8. @CharlesFoster-x4c: Are ducks from the brand Maple Leaf safe to eat?
  9. @dawnnicodemus1446: I have followed plan with a few cheat very few lost 21 pounds quickly. Now I am stuck. It has been 2 months what could be causing my issues. I am fasting 15-17 hours a day. Help
  10. @nelu2307: Sint din Romania. Am 72 de ani si sint incintat de sfaturile pe care le-am  primit de la tine. Decuplarea mitocondrilor mi se pare o descoperire fantastică si iti voi urma programul. Sint sanatos si doar simt că devin tot mai prost. Ideea cu spalarea creierului , noaptea de amiloid si proteina TAU este un sfat excelent pe care îl voi urma. Multumesc mult.
  11. @aracelivargas6182: Thank you 😊 very much appreciated
  12. @barbarahsieh5957: I am not medical school student.
  13. @mauracallegarini4387: Quando la traduzione in italiano? Grazie.
  14. @SuperWinstonsmom: I want to know what you are drinking in every podcast haha

😆😆
  15. @kathleenlackey3062: You're the best, Dr. Gundry. Love all you do. Keep helping us. We need the truth that you provide. Thank you Kate
  16. @daleval2182: How is it that many that only eat steak, loose weight and heal all kinds of disease?   They dont get 30 % carbs from just beef ?
  17. @deepaksarkar9382: How long we have to hear all the so called best advices? Next time we hear all that earlier told are not correct. Now stopped going to all the conferences where the experts   with best acting giving us,  the victims, their research revolutionary all bla bla  reports.
  18. @jac3271: Always knew these Drs were wrong. And still don’t agree with Dr Gundry on many of his assertion. Drs who are experts on keto (based proper new research data) don’t prescribe an 80% fat keto program. 😂 they eat vegetables, pre & pro biotic foods, protein …
  19. @giovannawebber2275: Thank you Dr. G. for that beautiful knowledge. Be blessed!!
  20. @lavyjacob9158: ❤

- DOES THE KETO DIET KILL? Doctor Reviews Low Carb Diets and Mortality: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, I'm Siobhan a second-year medical resident Today we're tackling a super controversial issue and that's The Keto Diet The question is - is the keto diet actually making you live longer? or could it be actually killing you faster? The keto diet is a very low carbohydrate diet. About 75% of calories come from fat 20% from protein and only 5% from carbs It's become one of the most popular diets online and it's been praised for weight loss, heart health, diabetes management and some even believe it fights cancer. But others think it's probably just a fad diet and it's just gonna come and go. Just this week, there was a groundbreaking article from The Lancet which totally changed the conversation It's an article that looked at how much carbohydrates people are eating and if that affected life expectancy. By the end of this video you should be able to make an educated decision about what you want to do with your diet And then I'm gonna *urge* you to share this with people you care about because this could actually affect how long they live. *violin intro plays* So those of you who've been following my journey in the hospital at the new doctor know that about six weeks ago I started the keto diet. and the reason I did that is because Overnight I find they're just so many chips and snacks and candy and ... I- This whole year I just feel like I have strayed from my normal habits and so I kind of just needed like a reset and I figured that keto would do that. And it did. like I lost a couple of pounds I put on last year and I haven't been having sugar cravings It was great. So this week when I was flipping through my computer I saw this article And I figured it was gonna tell me that the lower the carbs you eat the longer you live But that's not exactly what it says. So the study started about thirty years ago, when they recruited a whole bunch of adults from four different communities in the US They recruited about 15,000 adults and then had them do surveys and they kept track of their health and they tracked them over about 30 years. *okay, that's deep* So let's pretend these skittles represent the people in the study First let's divide them into the amount of carbs they eat in a day. The yellow ones the low-carb group. And so these people about less than 40% of their calories from carbs. The green ones of the moderate carb group. So these guys bought about half of the calories from carbs. And the red ones are the high carb group where they got over 70% of their calories from carbs. Of course this is a simplified model and in the study they worked with really fancy statistical models to get lots of accurate information. So looking at mortality within these groups. It turned out the low-carb (yellow) group and the high-carb (red) group actually died faster than that middle green group. So it looked like Goldilocks and the three bears. The middle 50% carb group actually lived the longest. And you can see that it has this U-shape, and we actually call that a U-shaped relationship. They're estimating that in this in the low-carb group and the medium-carb group, That was almost a four-year difference in their life expectancy. That's like high school. That's university. That's so many life experiences That's huge. I mean, we can't ignore that. Definitely not what I expected. Definitely a huge shock to hear. Question 2* So then the next logical question is if you have lower carbs you're eating more fats and proteins Does it matter what types of fats and proteins you're actually eating? So they went back to the database and they looked at all the people and they wanted to see the group that eats mostly animal products. So they're eating meats and cheese, lamb pork, beef, chicken all of that compared to the people who are eating plant-based proteins and fats. So they're eating nuts and peanut butters and seeds and they're having lots of vegetables. And unfortunately all those meat lovers out there, it was very clear that people eating plant-based proteins and fats were living longer than those who ate the animal proteins and fats. And that's tough for me. I actually really love a good steak. *pleasure* Ooo boiii <3 owww So you might be thinking : "Hold on. Hold on Siobhan I don't live in one of those four communities in the US maybe these results don't really apply to me?" Like me. I live in Canada. I don't live in the US. But the authors were smart and they thought of this. So they did what we call a 'meta analysis' Where they took studies that were similar and had results from all around the world and put it all together to see if those results hold true. So when they took the data from other parts in North America, Europe, Asia They found the same results. People eating the plant-based diets we're living longer. So I really don't think that we can ignore these results. Okay, so after all of this what is the main take-home message? Basically, you probably shouldn't be eating a low-carb diet that's high in meat products because it would seem these people are actually dying faster. Is that the end of keto? Well, you know if you choose to do keto the recommendations from this study would be that you should be making it all about plant-based protein So lots of nuts and vegetables and healthy oils That's what you should be getting your protein and your fats from. So basically don't make the mistake of thinking that keto is just about bacon and fat and grease Because that's probably not the healthiest thing for you Okay. So now that we have the information we need to decide how are we gonna actually change our own behaviors to reflect what we believe. And I swear that is the hardest thing: It's actually changing your behavior. So with you guys as my witness, here is my plan : I am gonna be focusing on the sources and the types of foods that I'm eating rather than sort of counting carbs I'm gonna be making sure I'm minimizing the amount of meats and animal products that I'm eating. I also need to minimize the huge amount of carbs that I think I was eating before. With all those treats in the middle of the night and the sugar and the candy so, you know, a high-carb isn't good either. and I'm gonna try to hit that sweet spot of carbs by having lots of vegetables and legumes and all those things that I actually love. But I just need to make sure I prep and plan in advance so that they're ready for me to have in the day. What's your plan gonna be? If you want to commit to something write it in the comments below. I will read it. I'll be your witness. And I know it's gonna be a controversial topic. So hit me with your comments. I actually want to start a discussion, a dialogue. I will read your comments and I want to hear what you have to state. And then I want you to send this video to people that you care about. Because looking at this evidence, you can see that making changes now could actually save them years on their life. Anyway next week, I'll be seeing you guys from the hospital vlogging So don't forget to subscribe and turn on your notifications if you don't want to miss that. Otherwise, I'll be chatting with you guys next week. So bye for now <3 #livelonger

  Top Comments:
  1. @popoymotmot [2 likes]: Mediterranean diet is a lot safer than keto diet.
  2. @yanwinaung8111 [1 likes]: legume count as carb or protein?
  3. @vilhelmhammershoi3871 [1 likes]: 40 percent carb is keto? hmmm
  4. @LovinglfDesigns [1 likes]: So I have 21 AVMs in the small bowel. They bleed regularly so the only was I can maintain iron levels is by eating beef and chicken. Iron in plant foods is not bioavailable to me. I eat a lot of greens so I know this.
  5. @ADR-j9m [1 likes]: I am highly skeptical of anything Lancet produces.  It's almost comical.
  6. @tom95521 [1 likes]: After I retired I immediately started eating whole food plant based diet and lots of nuts and seeds. I eat Quorn mycoprotein instead of meat. My favorite carb is sourdough bread fresh from the local bakery. I'm gonna keep on truckin as long as possible.
  7. @Xingqiwu387: Excellent review. I'm continually strick by the typical KETO lies and propaganda we find on YouTube, for example when you see a woman in her fifties stating: "I am 102 years old, run five miles per day, and I've been on a keto / carnivore diet for the last 85 years. My blood glucose level is 90 and my blood pressure is 120/80. It's all down to the 15 eggs, 2 pounds of bacon, and 20 pounds of pork I eat every week." WHO is paying these keto-carnivore freaks? Is it the meat and dairy industry?
  8. @JMaxwell1000: KETO in the USA is not just a fad, it's a cult. We know an entire family who've put themselves on Keto and their "nutrition" routinely consists of 2 gallons of whole-fat milk, 6 eggs EACH per person every morning, along with 4 strips of bacon, and dinner of ribeye steak or pork chops. They've been doing this for many years. The parents now have glucose levels of >300 and triglyceride levels of >800! You CANNOT reason with them, and no amount of scientific evidence can deter them from their religious conviction that this is the way humans were meant to eat.
  9. @janeh5949: Meat is Dead
  10. @elre5929: But no long term studies have ever been made on grass fed meat, most of them includes fast food loaded with ketchup mustard and a sugary bun. Also life style and exercise matters. A diet of real whole food is key, including meat, eggs fruits and veggies
  11. @TheRaspberry_94: i had acid reflux before doing keto, 0 acid reflux whilst doing keto, mental!
  12. @christinesullivan6417: This is from an epidemiological study which cannot show causation. Look at the randomized clinical trials to see if meat is a problem.
  13. @poppyspost: My 94-year-old mother who is very spry almost childlike she's always happy talks a lot too! She eats eggs, cheese, noodles, iceberg lettuce,  white bread, onions, pepper, potatoes, and dessert.
  14. @mabusewuse8107: You show not trust any study, cause there ist always someone paying for it. There are many ways to manipulate any study. 
Trust just your one body. Your body will heal with grassfed meat especially beef.
  15. @robgibb430: Why do you show coconut oil as a “healthy fat”?
  16. @alcitofernandes8078: 😂😂😂😂😂 crazy you and your studies
  17. @debbiesmith2207: Oddly, keto/ low carb/ carnivore has actually reversed all my autoimmune disorders. Said to be chronic and Progressive 27 years ago!!!! Instead of being in a wheel chair ( as my doctors predicted), i am a fit healthy 67 year old. 
At least if I die sooner I will have enjoyed all of my life and not have had crippling pain and disability for many decades. I choose health and happiness.
Grass fed meat is not the same as factory farmed meat and processed meat ( full of chemicals, carcinogens, antibiotics...) I would suggest the studies are flawed because they're not actually comparing they're comparing chemical load.
  18. @james0630: Keto almost killed me. Did carnivore for 2 weeks and lost all my electrolytes and could barely get out of bed. Your body needs carbs
  19. @mortenthorpe: I still say that the common sense approach, of eating varied and as much as possible ingredients, and not processed foods, is the key to health… so far, I am 50 years old, and never used a drug in my life, aside from very occasional over-the-counter painkillers…
  20. @nt1777: Keto did NOT work for me UNTIL I followed Beyond Keto by Dr. Don Colbert.

- Keto Kills! Cardiologist reveals ketogenic diet risks + science on how it causes heart attack/stroke: Kind: captions Language: en ketogenic diet can absolutely kill you this is Stephen loam lifestyle medicine cardiologist and in this video I'm going to tell you that the ketogenic diet can absolutely kill you we're going to go through what the ketogenic diet is the science behind the risks that the ketogenic diet has and then what you should be doing really to get yourself healthy lose weight and live a long healthy life [Music] yes the ketogenic diet kills but before we get into those details make sure you subscribe to my channel and turn on those notifications so you don't miss any of my future videos do that right now alright let's go the ketogenic diet can increase the risk of heart attack increase the risk of stroke and increase the risk of many different types of cancers so what is a ketogenic diet well it's a diet that's really low in carbohydrates about five to ten percent of calories that is higher in protein about 20 to 25 percent of calories from protein and very high in fat about 70 to 80 percent of calories from fat things like fruit are completely avoided same with potatoes beer rice bread sugar all the high carbohydrate foods are completely excluded this puts you into a state of ketosis where your fuel for your body is changed away from glucose over to ketones same thing that happens when somebody is starving now let's see what some of the major authorities have to say about the ketogenic diet let's start with the U.S news and World Report rankings drum roll please 24th out of 24. dead last in regards to overall diets for heart health and of course heart disease is the most important thing heart disease has been the number one cause of death in the United States every single year since 1919. they say who should not try the ketogenic diet how about pregnant women children without epilepsy people with certain types of cancer people with heart disease High performing athletes shouldn't try this diet health risks are very significant brain fog Moon swings constipation high cholesterol which could cause heart attack stroke and death kidney problems liver problems nutrient deficiencies Mayo clinics verdict very big concerns for long-term heart health according to Harvard this comes with serious risk not to mention raccoon eyes who wants those the American Institute for cancer research says no cancer organizations recommend the ketogenic diet for cancer patients with cancer or for prevention of cancer and just the opposite the American Cancer Society recommends a diet with a variety of vegetables dark green vegetables red orange fiber rich beans and peas and lentils fruits especially whole fruits in a variety of colors and whole grains that's like the opposite of the ketogenic diet you know anytime a diet tells you you can't eat an apple you know there's something wrong an apple a day keeps a doctor away and if you eat only one apple guess what you're no longer on the ketogenic diet too many carbs to understand how the ketogenic diet ends up increasing heart disease and stroke risk first we've got to understand how you can clog your arteries how atherosclerosis Works LDL cholesterol is one of the most important things if your LDL is high your cholesterol is high you can clog your arteries more the other thing is your arterial endothelium the lining of your arteries if it gets damaged and inflamed cholesterol can build up there and look at all these gray boxes at the top genetic determinants of arterial while biology high blood pressure inflammation smoking and other things like diabetes can damage that artery lining then the LDL gets sucked up in there starts to accumulate gets oxidized sucked up by these macrophages which form these foam cells then the plaque progresses now it can go one of two ways on the right it could be a stable plaque or it can go and become a soft unstable plaque which leads to a heart attack or a stroke absolute key to heart disease prevention and even reversal is getting those cholesterol numbers down and protecting your arteries from damage and inflammation protecting that endothelial lining at all costs so what in your diet raises your blood cholesterol numbers what raises your LDL cholesterol eating cholesterol eating saturated fats and eating trans fats those three things and this is why the dietary guidelines say straight out that individuals should eat as little cholesterol as possible while consuming a healthy eating pattern cholesterol is not an essential nutrient you don't need to eat any every cell in your body can make its own cholesterol and saturated fats really increase your LDL cholesterol too these tend to come from high fat animal based foods meat eggs dairy Seafood all those things and yes when you look at clogging of arteries it looks like cheese and if any of those saturated fat conspiracy theorists ever say to you oh saturated fat doesn't matter don't worry about it don't worry about that at all check out this white paper by the true Health Initiative Walter Willett a Harvard nutrition expert David Katz from Yale they put together this great document really showing how important it is to avoid saturated fat and how it leads to heart disease risk and this is backed up by a statement from The Institute of medicine also known as the National Academy of Medicine saying that they did not set a limit for how much cholesterol you could eat how much saturated fat you could eat or how much trans fats you could eat because any amount that you eat above zero percent of your energy is going to increase your LDL cholesterol numbers any amount and you want to keep your LDL cholesterol crazy low if you can check out this publication from the Journal of the American College of Cardiology which explains it really well so here's the main graph from the study follow me here on the right we have the cumulative risk of having a heart attack on the bottom we have your age and on the left we have your cumulative LDL exposure so the average Americans LDL cholesterol is 125 and if you stay that way for your whole life by the age of 40 you'll have a one percent risk of a heart attack by the age of 60 of 4 risk and by the age of 80 a 16 risk of a heart attack now I see a lot of patients who have LDL cholesterols way higher than that say it was 160 by the age of 40 then you'd have a three percent Risk by the age of 60 a 16 risk and by the age of 80 you're off the charts around a 50 risk of having had a heart attack and if you had your LDL cholesterol nice and low say around 60. look at this by the age of 40 way under one percent by the age of 60 still way under one percent by the age of 80 still under one percent risk of heart attack and strokes so the sooner and near life that you get your LDL down the better you're going to be you want to avoid cumulative exposure over your lifetime of a high LDL cholesterol number and don't let anybody tell you that LDL doesn't matter this is a consensus statement from the European Society of Cardiology which goes through all the science saying straight out LDL cholesterol causes heart disease and stroke they go through all the different lines of possible evidence in order to make that determination the plausibility of the evidence the strength of biologic gradient temporal sequence specificity consistency coherency of the data and then if you intervene and lower the numbers what's the risk and all of these had the highest level of evidence grade making it absolutely absolutely convincing LDL cholesterol if it's high clogs your arteries and increases your heart disease risk and your stroke risk so what are optimal LDL cholesterol numbers well more and more evidence is really showing we should have it between 50 and 70 milligrams per deciliter when you look at healthy babies and primates out in nature they're somewhere between 30 and 80 on their LDL cholesterol numbers and if you check out this study which is a graph of a bunch of different clinical trials of primary prevention each dot represents thousands of patients the LDL cholesterol where the risk of heart attack goes down close to zero 55. so what does the ketogenic diet do to your LDL cholesterol number well check out this study from the Mayo Clinic where they took a bunch of people put them on the ketogenic diet and looked at What's called the hyper responders about a third of people are hyper responders in this study their LDL started at 125 and went to over 300. now when they got off the ketogenic diet their LDL came straight down some of them were actually put on medications because their number went so high on their LDL cholesterol let's shift away from cholesterol and talk about the inflammation and damage to the artery lining animal-based Foods versus plant-based Foods how do they play out well again ketogenic diet is very animal heavy animal protein heavy and when we look at what animal proteins do to inflammation in your artery Health tmao trimethylamine oxide heterocyclic means heme iron new 5G Advanced glycolation end products and endotoxins are all produced when you consume animal-based proteins and all of those things in different ways damage the artery lining and cause inflammation but when you get plant-based sources approach you've got fiber vitamin C and lots of different phytonutrients which are anti-inflammatory and help the health of your artery lining lowering your risk of heart disease how does this play out in clinical studies well check out these Publications from the Journal of the American Medical Association three of them which all looked at the same thing animal-based proteins versus plant-based proteins doesn't cause heart attacks does it cause strokes does it cause cancer and your overall mortality rate what we find is replacement of only three percent of energy from animal protein and giving plant protein instead significantly lowered mortality especially cardiovascular heart disease mortality the lower overall mortality was actually a lot of it attributed to egg protein and red meat protein but as we'll see it's actually all types of animal-based proteins so let's look at this graph from this study here and let's see removing which animal-based proteins and substituting a plant-based proteins has the most dramatic reduction in overall risk of dying this line right here is where it would be neutral anything to the left of this line lowers the risk of dying and would favor the plant-based protein Source eating beans and lentils instead of these specific animal-based protein source so processed red meat was the absolute worst don't eat your hot dogs man and then unprocessed red meat was still quite significant that if you removed the unprocessed red meat and instead had plant-based proteins your mortality went down significantly but there was even a mortality benefit of removing poultry and removing fish and a very significant one for removing egg-based protein and dairy-based protein so again it's not just a cholesterol the saturated fat it's actually the animal-based protein as well causing inflammation in and damage to the artery lining leading to clogging of arteries heart attack stroke and overall death but Dr loam on a ketogenic diet you can lose a ton of weight well of course you could lose a ton of weight look what Americans eat they eat 63 of their calories from processed foods so anything that gets rid of sugar and refined carbohydrates you're going to lose a lot of weight on it right so it's not necessarily the weight loss that's important you want to be healthy in the long term you want to live a long good life without a heart attack without stroke without cancer and you can lose weight doing other things that aren't healthy for you right what if we gave you chemotherapy you're going to throw up you're not going to be able to eat you're going to feel miserable you're going to lose weight does that mean chemotherapy is good for you in the long term absolutely not same thing with becoming a cocaine addict you can lose a lot of weight if all you did was cocaine and drugs is that going to be good for you in the long term in regards to your health no it's just like a ketogenic diet just because it can make you lose weight doesn't mean it's good for you in the long term now let's look at some data in regards to what low carbohydrate ketogenic type diets do to your overall health low carbohydrate diets in this study were associated with significantly higher risk of all-cause mortality and in this study low carbohydrate dietary patterns favoring animal-based protein as fat sources such as lamb beef pork chicken where Associated again with a much higher mortality whereas if you had plant-based protein and plant-based fats such as from vegetables nuts peanut butter whole grains you add a much lower mortality now how about in patients who have heart disease that's my area I'm a cardiologist well if you have heart disease this study showed that 53 increase in all cause mortality if you had a low carbohydrate diet that was high in animal-based proteins and yet another study showing that switching to the ketogenic diet is associated with increased cholesterol numbers and increased inflammation markers like we just said we don't want this is why the guidelines in the American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association for prevention of heart disease showed that a plant-based diet is ideal for overall heart health come on Dr loam the caveman used to eat this way right well no actually they didn't but even if they did do you really want to live to be only 35 years old that was the life expectancy of the caveman so what should we do well data from Dean ornish here's his lifestyle heart trial published in 1990 which showed that if you took people who had clogged arteries of greater than 50 percent or more that the average percentage stenosis blockage regressed went down if you followed a whole food plant-based low-fat diet versus a control group which actually progressed and worsened their heart disease so comprehensive Lifestyle Changes including a whole food plant-based low-fat diet can actually regress and reverse heart disease in just one year without the use of medications so then why then do so many people Advocate a ketogenic type diet there's lots of doctors out there that are saying that you should do this it's all about the money people love to hear good news about their bad habits you can lose weight this way but it's not good for you in the long term and these authors these people they sell books they sell supplements to correct the nutritional deficiencies that their diet causes and one of the greatest historical examples of that is Dr Adkins and the Atkins diet Who Sold millions and millions and millions of books and made Millions more money just selling the supplements that he needed to give his patients to correct the nutritional deficiencies that his diet caused check out this clip from a debate between Dr Adkins and Dr Dean ornish that was actually held by the USDA in regards to what we should be eating to lower overall heart disease risk this is quite embarrassing for Dr Adkins I sort of resent the idea that people are saying that my diet is not heart healthy if it were not heart healthy we wouldn't be reversing heart disease and getting these people who were having chest pain on a little bit of exertion out there running and jogging a few months later Dr ornish to follow up on it first of all let me say that I would love to see some data from Dr Atkins showing that he can actually get reversal of heart disease measuring the underlying disease process we're working on it well good we're not as good a fundraiser as you are we have to dig into our own Pockets I Carolina issue I think with the number of books you've sold you could probably find your own studies so I most people unfortunately when they think about the diet I recommend think about the reversal diet and it is a strict diet and I'd love to be able to tell people that more moderate changes can reverse heart disease but they don't every study that's been done where they've looked at arteriography has found that a 30 fat diet the majority of people continue to get worse but there is a genetic variability in how efficiently your body can handle fat and cholesterol what I tell people is that if your cholesterol level is below 150 consistently then either you're not eating much fat and cholesterol or your body is very good at getting rid of it either way your risk of disease is so low whatever you're doing is probably fine thank you most people don't fall into that category and you wanted to make a comment doctor just because it was brought out about Dr Atkins claim to reverse heart disease and he said he's working on the data but he's been making this claim for a long time excuse me but I haven't been making that claim you just did and you don't have the evidence to back it up now this diet's been out there for 30 years or closed down I haven't been able to fund a study excuse me there's 10 million books in print and you can't fund the study now I can and I will be the first doctor to dig into his own pocket to do a study and it will be me but it was the first time I had a 10 million bucks you Market the vitamins you sell the vitamins to correct the nutritional deficiencies that's true that's why now I keep saying that's why I couldn't do it before you Market this I say this is not for the public good this is marketed this is a money making proposition Dr Adkins himself ended up having a heart attack heart failure and hypertension when his records were accidentally released and when he passed away he was 258 pounds clearly his diet wasn't working for his own individual health so what does work for long-term weight loss and long-term Health well check out this study the broad trial which put people on a whole food plant-based low-fat diet and you had huge improvements in the BMI cholesterol and other risk factors to the best of the researchers knowledge this program achieved more weight loss at 6 and 12 months than any other clinical trial has ever shown without limiting calories and without mandating any exercise a whole food plant-based low-fat diet and this is what the blue zones eat right they're a very high carbohydrate diet but their carbohydrates are coming from fruits and vegetables beans and lentils whole grains nuts and seeds they were much lower in fat percentage of calories 20 percent versus ketogenic which is 70 or so and they were lower in proteins about 15 percent of calories from proteins now the longest living culture which is similar to the the ornish diet was the okinawans they were 85 carbohydrates six percent fat and nine percent protein so a very low protein diet a very high carbohydrate diet and this is what you do for heart disease reversal very similar and those okinawans arguably the longest living culture ever described so what should we do how do we think about nutrition then well you know we have three categories of food we have processed foods which include all the junk that's obvious the refined carbohydrates like white flour white sugar and added oils and fats then the second category food we have are the animal-based foods the high fat ones the low-fat ones any of them meat eggs dairy Seafood cheese and then we have whole unprocessed plant-based Foods what we want to do is remove the processed foods completely and dramatically reduce or eliminate the animal-based foods and focus on a predominantly Whole Food plant-based diet there should really just be one category of food so avoid the ketogenic diet at all costs now maybe if you were to do a ketogenic diet in a more plant-based fashion a plant-based keto diet perhaps it would be better if your cholesterol numbers are down and you know it's not causing you some inflammation that might be better but even with that there's not a lot of long-term studies to say that that is what you should be doing either so just stick to a whole food plant-based low-fat diet it's going to help you lose weight it's going to give you more energy and it's going to make you live long and live better so for those of you that want to learn more about weight loss check out my weight loss video and my discussion panel video that we did at the International Conference on nutrition and Medicine where weight loss experts including myself talk all about diet drugs surgery and a lifestyle medicine approach to our weight loss epidemic so keto kills you don't try it eat your plants

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adrian-yi8fl [76 likes]: So eggs are bad again. Let me know when they're good again. It changes every 5 years or so
  2. @DrStevenLome [49 likes]: Keto people. Please keep the comments professional/respectful. Hope this opened your eyes a bit.
  3. @Jason31256 [35 likes]: How can it be bad for heart health if it helps people to lose weight? I thought weight loss was good for over all health, including heart health
  4. @richricogranada9647 [17 likes]: Never eat at restaurants
  5. @aljanet1514 [15 likes]: I am 58 and I do this exact same diet as this Dr. recommends.  My BP average is 105/72, HR is between 45-55. Never used any medication. I practice Intermittent Fasting, did OMAD for over 5 years and now I do 18/6 because I no longer want to have big meals. The key is not to snack in between your meals and eat home cooked meals only. Never felt better/stronger. I walk between 3-4 hours every morning. Best diet in my opinion.
  6. @Protolamna [12 likes]: I ate about 10 lb of apples a week lol. Trying to stay away from that doctor😂
  7. @henniestander7542 [11 likes]: All of these doctors are so contradictory. Just eat a whole, natural balanced diet and stay active. Follow the Makers Diet. God gives great guidelines in the Bible of what to eat and what not to eat. And... the Bible also says, wine in moderation is good.
  8. @cyssoK [10 likes]: Great informative video. Just putting it in writing one more time: Dr Atkins claimed his diet can reverse heart disease for him to die of heart disease later and never publishing the science he always promised during his multi decade career and food and supplement empire.
  9. @micheleflores321 [6 likes]: God bless you for telling us the facts regarding a high-fat diet. I used to be on keto until I started having problems with my kidneys and blood pressure. However, moving forward, I flipped the script and stopped eating red meat, butter, cheese, etc. 

I now eat a high-carb diet, such as fruits and vegetables, raw honey, sourdough bread, potatoes, beans, pasta, fish, and poultry once in a while. I forgot to 

I have lost fifteen pounds, my kidney function is back to normal, and my blood pressure is great. I feel fantastic! 

I will never go back to keto, it is dangerous to my health
  10. @drehardin [4 likes]: When your in the hospital.... They feed you Ensure protein shakes. Doesn't matyer why you're there because protein is the base for everything else. Without your organs and muscles wither.
  11. @BodhiTrout [4 likes]: Thanks for posting, so worried about my keto friends doing the diet.
  12. @DrStevenLome [3 likes]: Watch the new video!!! Keto Diet Myths - Is a ketogenic diet safe? Cardiologist talks 5 misconceptions
https://youtu.be/rDNQTj-6wsg
  13. @adamwalicki9958 [3 likes]: thanks, many even real doctors recommend keto I mean this diet will kill people long-term. People are really stupid to lose weight you only need to be in calorie deficit... carbs won't make you fat when you not overeat them and it is really hard to overeat real carbs like fruits, veggies, rice etc. And fat is just disgusting I mean something is wrong with people when they eat greasy, fatty food all the time. And "carbs" people eat and think they are carbs like chocolate, chips, cakes are actually full of fat sometimes have the same amount of carbs and fat in them... It is faaar easier to become overweight consuming fat than carbs, fat has more calories per gram. Who on earth become fat eating apples (very high carb food) or even rice (people in China, Japan are very slim)
  14. @susanbeever5708 [3 likes]: It’s the high triglycerides and low HDL not the LDL. I recommend more reading in this.
To understand endothelial monolayer understand that too much monosaccharide-> too much  intestinal TRPV1-> intestinal bacteria-> too much intestinal glp-1-> to much stimulation of TRPV1 in pancreatic beta cells-> too much insulin then stimulates too much TRPV1 throughout the body and forces glucose into cells ~independent ~ of the insulin receptor-> insulin resistance. Additionally, TRPV1 is on mitochondria-> too much ROS and mitochondrial damage. The hyperinsulinemia inhibits autophagy and recycling and repair of mitochondria. 
Check out Dave Feldman’s latest research of lean mass hyper responders that had zero soft plaque after 4 years on the low carb diet. Check out Dr. Nadir Ali and Dr. Dave Diamond regarding the disadvantages of statins on Low Carb Denver 2023.
TRPV1-> too much TRPV4-> aneurysm and breaking of the endothelial monolayer and stimulation of monocytes to become inflammatory M1 macrophages. 
A study in PCOS women with metabolic syndrome and lipid peroxidation treated with a TRPV1 antagonist ~stopped~ lipid peroxidation.
  15. @philaybar [3 likes]: bullshit
  16. @IKTMIT777 [2 likes]: Does a keto diet increase the risk of bladder cancer, specifically?
  17. @JacquelineCabessa [1 likes]: Thank you so much on this informative review.
  18. @robertfritchey-zq1wn [1 likes]: Maybe that is not such of a bad thing. You can only die once. After you are dead you don't have to worry about dieing anymore
So you could tell the devil to fuck off.
  19. @Fabienne8299 [1 likes]: YOU PHUCKIN PUPPET OF BIG PHARMA!!!!
  20. @Fabienne8299 [1 likes]: SPONSORED BY BIG PHARMA HA AH HA!! ENJOY YOUR LOW TESTOSTERON AND VEXX SIDE EFFECTS!

- Long-Term Safety of Ketogenic Diets - with Dr. Bret Scher: Kind: captions Language: en-US Is it safe to be in ketosis or eat a ketogenic diet long term? This is a question that comes up often with conflicting answers. An online search will result in concerns about nutrient deficiencies, eating disorders, and other poorly supported claims. So, so what's the real answer? Well, the real answer is yes. People can be in ketosis and eat a keto diet long term. Now that doesn't mean everyone should, but if someone puts their treatment resistant mental illness or their type two diabetes into remission with ketogenic therapy, then there's no clear evidence that continuing ketogenic therapy long-term is harmful. Let's get into the details. Welcome to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group transforming the study and treatment of mental disorders by exploring the connection between metabolism and brain health. Thank you for joining us on this journey. If you've improved your mental health or maybe even put your mental health disorder into remission with ketogenic therapy, do you have to worry about staying on it? Well, at Metabolic Mind, we frequently get comments and questions surrounding the safety of long-term ketosis. So I'm going to address this in detail, digging into many of the supposed reasons why someone shouldn't be in ketosis long term, including things like nutrient deficiencies, disordered eating, cardiac risk, or the claim that ketosis only works for six months and more. But before we get started, please remember our channel is for informational purposes only. We're not providing individual or group medical or healthcare advice or establishing a provider patient relationship. Many of the interventions we discuss can have potentially dangerous effects if done without proper clinical supervision. So consult your healthcare provider before changing your lifestyle or medications. And in addition, please recognize that people may respond differently to ketosis and there isn't one recognized universal response. Now, let's start with some perspective maybe, right? Where's the burden of proof? If someone takes an antipsychotic medication or a type two diabetes medication like insulin and it causes weight gain, worsening metabolic health or sexual dysfunction, but it helps reduce the psychotic episodes or lower blood sugar, then the general assumption from the medical establishment is that the benefits outweigh the side effects and it's safe to do long term. They aren't asking if it's truly safe given the concerning side effects, but because the benefits, they seem to be okay continuing the medications long term despite the adverse effects. Well now let’s replace those antipsychotic medications or the insulin injections with ketogenic therapy, all of a sudden someone may put their mental illness or their type two diabetes into remission without all the concerning medication side effects. So, so why now all of a sudden would doctors and individuals wonder if this is safe long-term? I think it's crucial to start from this framework of understanding the benefits before questioning the risks. If ketogenic therapy were just one of dozens of choices that worked equally as well as the others and with similar side effects, and then we'd probably need a lower level of evidence of harm to be concerned. But that's not what we're talking about here. As published studies from Dr. Albert Danan and Dr. Shebani Sethi and others have shown, people with serious mental illness for years or decades treated with aggressive standard medical care, they can improve their symptoms quickly and dramatically with ketogenic therapy. So let's look at it through that lens. Now all of a sudden, the burden isn't for someone to prove that this way of eating is healthy with long-term studies. The burden is probably the other way to prove it's not. After all, it's just food. It's food that works as well or better than medications for many people with tremendous benefits. So, so where's the burden of proof for individuals who have dramatically changed their life? Now we have some perspective, but let's get into the details here. Why do some people think long-term ketosis is dangerous? Well, one reason is simply misinterpretation of the science. Some long-term observational studies report that those eating low-carb diets have a higher risk of premature cardiac or all-cause death. But unfortunately, they define low carb as 25% or even 37% of their calories from carbohydrates, which is nowhere near ketogenic therapy, which is usually 30 grams of carbs or less. It simply isn't accurate to assume that these data apply to ketogenic therapy. Another common concern is that there are no known populations that have lived in ketosis long-term. Well, this isn't exactly true. I mean, hunter gatherer populations have likely been in and out of ketosis long term and the Inuit tribes consistently ate a very low carb high fat diet, although there's some speculation their genetics may influence whether or not they were in ketosis. But the point being populations have been in and out of ketosis long term. But what about other diets like vegan diets? Well, there's a quote from the World Health Organization that the evidence on the long-term health impacts of vegetarian and vegan diets remain incomplete. So the same can be said about long-term knowledge of vegan diets, right? And certainly the same can be said about the standard American diet. We know no healthy population has ever followed that diet long-term. So there seems to be a disconnect in the questioning, and it's not significant evidence against the safety of long-term ketosis. And again, we have to ask, where's the burden of proof? I'm going to keep asking that question. Okay, where's the burden of proof? But, but here's another important topic that comes up frequently, nutrient deficiencies. So to, to dig into this, I did a search of popular online resources and public published articles to come up with sort of the top potential nutrient deficiencies on a ketogenic diet. The first is fiber, which is interesting because there's actually no body requirement for fiber from our diets. There are official recommendations for how much fiber we should eat, but importantly, the data for this is derived from studies comparing versions of high-carb diets. So the data suggests that if someone's eating a high-carb diet, eating more fiber is likely beneficial, which makes sense, especially when you think about the ultra processed foods that are high carb, low fiber, right? You know, we shouldn't be eating those, but the same data don't exist for true low carb diets. So it's very speculative to say that low fiber intake is harmful for those in ketosis. And remember, ketogenic diets include above ground vegetables, avocados, nuts, all are, which are good sources of fiber. So a ketogenic diet doesn't even have to be a really low fiber diet. So that one doesn't really make sense. Another is phytonutrients, which are found in veggies and fruits and, and again, there's, for phytonutrients. So studies point to their antioxidant properties and therefore assume they must be beneficial. But wouldn't the amount of anti antioxidants you need be predicated by the amount of oxidation in your body? And aren't there other ways to get antioxidants? And the answers are yes and yes. So once again, we see this potential deficiency is not really an issue, okay? But then there's this list of specific nutrients, which I find amazing that anyone would publish these because basically they're all incorrect. So let's go through, through them quickly one by one. The first is thiamin, which is found predominantly in fortified whole grains, but it's also in meat and pork and fish, right? All very common on a ketogenic diet, right? And how about folate? Also found in whole grains, but also in leafy green vegetables, peanuts, seeds, liver, all found on a ketogenic diet. Vitamin A is commonly thought of as being in carrots, but it's also in organ meats. Fish and leafy green vegetables, all on a ketogenic diet, vitamin E commonly in seed oils, but also in almonds, peanuts, greens, and bell peppers. Again, all common on a ketogenic diet. Vitamin B6, which again most Americans get from fortified cereals is also in liver, tuna, salmon, dark leafy, green vegetables. And then I saw calcium listed, which I couldn't believe as this is common in dairy and sardines, almonds, okay, enough said about that. And potassium, which is thought to mostly be in veggies, but is also in meat and avocado. So all of these commonly cited nutrient deficiencies are simply wrong. There's no convincing evidence that a well formulated ketogenic diet is deficient in any of these nutrients. All right, so now let's transition briefly to a big one. And is there an increased risk of heart disease in ketosis? And we have a whole video dedicated to this one, so you can watch that video for more detail. But in short, look, ketogenic diets can be vegan or vegetarian or Mediterranean or omnivore or carnivore or others. So they certainly don't have to contain saturated fat and meat. But even when they do, the majority of the studies demonstrate no significant increase in LDL and, and some even show a reduced, calculated cardiac risk because of the dramatically improved metabolic health. It is a small minority who see a significant rise in their LDL. And we're grateful for our ongoing research investigating this unique population and their unique physiology. But in short, there is no evidence that being in ketosis long term is automatically going to raise your LDL and increase your cardiac risk. In fact, there's more evidence to the contrary. And again, if you, if we're citing studies that use 25% of the calories from carbohydrates or 40% of the calories from carbohydrates to suggest increased cardiac risk, that's just simply false. I mean, that's not ketosis. That data does not apply to ketosis and we should not be combining it. Okay? So we've gone through a lot. But there, there are two more that I want to touch on, and one, this is a quick one that long-term ketosis will lead to disordered eating. And there is simply no evidence to support this. Any data that comes close is low quality data that suggests really any diet can can slightly increase the risk for disordered eating. But there's no specific data for ketogenic diets. It simply doesn't exist. And the last one is that ketosis only worked for six months. Now this, this claim comes from studies looking at weight loss, mostly not ketogenic therapy for brain-based disorders, and certainly not true for type two diabetes, where Virta Health has published their two year data and they've presented at a conference their five year data, both of which demonstrate impressive sustained benefits. So I won't spend too much time on this, but one reason is, is poor trial design, I guess you could say. So let's take the DIETFITS trial. It's an often cited study showing that low-carb diets don't work long term and are no better than low fat diets. But let me read from the trial design. It says, the second component of the dietary strategy involved instructing participants to slowly add carbohydrates back to their diet in increments of five to 15 grams per day for periods of a week at a time with no set endpoint goal for a specific level of fat or carbohydrate. So let me say that last part again, no set endpoint goal for a specific level So what that resulted in was at three months, the low carb group was eating 96 grams of carbs per day. So right away it's not ketogenic. And the low fat group was eating 205 grams of carbs. But at 12 months, the low carb group was eating 132 grams of carbs per day, 132. And remember, this study is often cited to demonstrate how low-carb and keto diets don't work, quote unquote long term. Well, yeah, if you're not eating low, low carb, it's not going to work. And they clearly were not eating low carb at the end of the study. So trial design makes a big difference. And the other part is that we know in studies adherence from any diet drops off, keto included, but the question is not about that. The question we've been asking throughout this video is, for those who remain in ketosis, is there any evidence of harm? And the answer is simply no, but, that's why we recommend treating ketogenic therapy like any medical intervention, you know, you follow with your healthcare team, you monitor for safety, you monitor for continued efficacy, and make sure you're reaching your health goals. You don't have to assume, but there's no evidence to suggest it is harmful. So we can conclude that for those who claim ketosis is dangerous, long term, the data simply don't support the claim. I hope you found this helpful. If you did, please like and subscribe and share our content with others who you think may benefit from it, and please leave a comment as we would love to hear your experience, your thoughts, and your suggestions. All right. I'm Dr. Bret Scher, Thank you so much for watching, and we will see you here next time at Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group.

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrewfong4216 [10 likes]: People binging on carbs is probably a much worse eating disorder than a keto diet.
  2. @crystalsanchezTV [3 likes]: Hi, I’ve been on a ketogenic diet for 8 1/2 years now. I wonder if I could join any studies because I have not met another person who has done this before. My blood work is great. I don’t have high cholesterol. I eat less than 35 net carbs a day, most days closer to 25. I eat a lot of vegetables w butter or oil. In all those years, I’ve only gone off the diet for 1-2 weeks, twice a year when I go on vacation. I feel like I should make a YouTube channel. I’m 49 years old. Very fit. I am 4’11” 120 pounds. I don’t crave sugar anymore. I always had a sweet tooth. I don’t get the sugar highs and lows throughout the day like I did prior to the diet. I’m very happy on this diet because I feel like I can eat as much as I want, and I am very satiated. I do have a few tricks. I love chocolate and Lily‘s chocolate chips mixed one part with sugar-free peanut butter. I make tiny peanut butter cups. And I have one a day usually they’re one and a half, 1.5 carbs each, but it satisfies chocolate cravings. I always said if it wasn’t for that I don’t know that I’d be able to stay on a long-term because I feel like I’m having dessert every day with that. @metabolicmind
  3. @tadmikowsky7520 [3 likes]: Haven't been sick in years and I've been in ball busting ketosis since at least '69. It CAN be done people!
  4. @Dramallamastrikesagain [2 likes]: Drink a McFlurry and tell me how you feel after an hour. Eat a steak with some grass-fed butter and tell me how you feel after an hour.
  5. @crazyzabo [2 likes]: Good points.  Imagine going off all meds!! How can that be terrible when you are also covering nutrients?
  6. @F8Tributo [2 likes]: Excellent, thank you!
  7. @ScottHB20 [1 likes]: WE don't need fiber, but the gut bugs do.
  8. @cathyzabel7924 [1 likes]: Thank you!!! I have so many professionals telling me keto is harmful long term. I don’t want to quit because it is improving my health. Is it fearmongering or jealousy that this is so effective.  I don’t understand all the naysaying without the science behind it.  Again, thank you!
  9. @geoffl [1 likes]: hunter gatherer humans had no access to carbs during the winter months..they were likely in ketosis, relying on meat..Keto is the most evolutionarily fitting diet.
  10. @kidneycarecoaching3766: They know people on keto are eating less crap so they try to knock it
  11. @2006evita: What about this study: Ketogenic diet induces p53-dependent cellular senescence in multiple organs
  12. @johnsheffer1824: I'd like to add that, as Phinney and Volek like to point out from their own research, even if you're eating a lot more saturated fat on a keto diet, not only do total triglycerides tend to go down, but the ratio of saturated fat in the triglycerides also goes down as well, which they attribute to the liver having an easier time making ketones out of saturated fat (palmitic acid in particular). So I think it would stand to reason that in order to enjoy the full benefits of a low carb diet on cardiovascular health, you really would need to be in some degree of ketosis, which I think helps explain the less favorable results for less "extreme" low carb diets.
  13. @vzemmanuel: Why are you operating on the assumption that an increase in LDL is harmful at all? I water fasted for 21 days and my cholesterol naturally went through the roof. It’s still very high per current medical standards on my carnivore/ketogenic diet and I’ve never felt better.
  14. @AlexV-jh7ul: 7:04 how can consuming fortified anything be an argument against a different diet anyway? Fortified grains and oats are literally a supplement added to a food! There's no difference between consuming a food fortified with a vitamin and consuming a different food and then adding that same vitamin from a supplement. I sort of get the argument (though don't necessarily agree with it) that consuming something naturally rich in a vitamin is not the same as supplementing it, but fortified foods are not an example of naturally rich! It's a supplement mixed into some other food, that's all!
  15. @dou40006: Does the question makes any sense ? Keto diet has never been a long term strategy and never will be except specific conditions. There is no population in the history of humanity that lived long term on Ketosis, never !
  16. @mocam780: According to certain scientific studies and the food industry, the best option is to continue with a diet high in carbohydrates, processed foods rich in oils and sugars, or a vegan diet with a large amount of vegetables, which can also be problematic for a large part of the population. A sick nation is easier to control and defeat.
  17. @bobbyyoung2831: Seizure Control for Glucose Type One Deficiency...For LIFE!
  18. @mitrahuntley3115: I am 85… been on strict keto for 3& a half years,not on any medication ever. The results been excellent all around on keto , only keto rash has surfaced 3 months ago & is making life miserable.
Do you have any suggestions as change the diet or stay on it?
My LDL has always ran high, but my HDL is above 100, Triglycerides 75, and CT CARDIC  score = 0
Cholesterol has remained high w/ keto, I assumed the surplus will get excreted?
Do you have insight how to eliminate the rash?
I am taking bile salt.
🙏
  19. @kathynewkirk683: 7 years for me, but I now basically do, low carb, high protein and moderate healthy fats….
  20. @esmanur_933: Hello. I’m experiencing anxiety, DPDR, forgetfulness, trouble concentrating, and fatigue. I’ve started a ketogenic diet, but I’m wondering something. After a few months, once my symptoms improve, will I be able to eat sweets and burgers like I used to? 🥹 Do we have to follow a ketogenic diet for life? Or would it be enough to be in ketosis for a few months each year?

- Keto Diet: 7 Dangers You Should Know About | #DeepDives | Health: Kind: captions Language: en the ketogenic diet better known as the keto diet or just keto has been touted as a holy grail weight loss method by celebs like jenna jameson and halle berry alongside many slimmed down instagram influencers while all this sounds pretty great keto isn't exactly the golden ticket to eternal youth or weight loss when it comes to slimming down in particular keto is controversial here are seven dangers you should know about it if you're new to keto the diet is pretty simple drastically cut down on carbs like 50 grams or less a day that's less than two slices of whole grain bread and replace those calories with high fat high protein foods like cheese bacon and avocado everything the idea is that over time cutting down on carbs can launch you into a state of ketosis hence the name keto which is where your carb deprived body begins burning fat rather than sugar for energy some studies suggest that having an alternative fuel source may spare muscles from breaking down during high intensity workouts and can also increase your athletic performance research shows that there could be some other health benefits to embracing the keto lifestyle for one doctors say the keto diet can be helpful in treating epilepsy though it's unclear why exactly something about the ketogenic state seems to reduce the frequency of seizures animal studies also suggest it could have anti-aging anti-inflammatory and cancer-fighting benefits as well but keep in mind these are just animal studies at this point danger number one you might catch the keto flu adjusting to any new diet can be hard but going keto may actually make you feel sick for the first few days this is widely known as the keto flu kristen kaiser a dietitian at pura vita behavioral nutrition explains why this happens is really interesting from a biochemistry standpoint it's a very unique diet keto flu is very well named people experience flu-like symptoms and they might be lethargic fatigued some people vomit some people are sweating most diets you are not actually going into a different physiological state you stay in the fed state you might go into the fasting state it's just this physiological response that some people have when they make such a dramatic change in their diet and in response to going into ketosis like the actual flu drinking lots of water and getting plenty of sleep may make it easier to get through the worst danger number two diarrhea yep keto diarrhea is a thing why well when you cut carbs you also cut fiber aka indigestible carbs found in whole grains fruits and veggies that help bulk your stool slow digestion and in turn keep the runs at bay kaiser explains why your poop might be a bit more loose than usual because it's such a high fat diet that's actually what's causing the diarrhea you're removing fiber which tends to be helpful for bowel movements and then you're adding in very high fat some people especially if they're older they may not be able to tolerate that sort of fat level anymore then things are just running through their system quite quickly danger number three your athletic performance could suffer keto's not just popular with people trying to lose weight some athletes who benefit from staying slim like cyclists are also getting into the keto craze claiming the diet makes them faster and stronger whitney lindsenmeyer an assistant professor at st louis university doesn't buy it and argues that keto actually reduces athletic performance she explains one of the perceived detriments for athletes in particular is that when you are in ketosis you have a higher level of ketone bodies which are acidic compounds circulating in your blood and there's number of theories related to kind of the time to exertion or like the time to fatigue for athletes in varying sports where that's generally not a good thing we know that we have like buildup of acid from strength bearing activities so further acid contribution to that is generally not something that we're striving for it's hard to tell you know if an athlete follows the keto diet for 30 days let's say they lose 5 pounds during that 30 days is it the five pound weight loss that is actually making a difference with their performance or is it actually the state of being in ketosis and right now the research i don't think we know enough to be able to say definitively but i would say skeptics kind of think that it's more so the weight loss than the actual state of ketosis danger number four going keto could trigger a potentially fatal side effect ketosis is a good thing on the keto diet burn that fat ketoacidosis on the other hand is a seriously dangerous well rare side effect of the keto diet kaiser explains ketoacidosis absolutely it is very serious it is very unlikely for most people following the keto diet but ketone bodies which are being produced when you're in ketosis they are acidic and what can happen in some people is ketones can build up in your blood and it actually turns your blood acidic and we have a very small ph range that's safe for our blood you can absolutely end up in the er end up in the icu it is something that is life-threatening if you're on keto and you notice your mouth is dry you're peeing a ton have bad breath or trouble breathing these are all potential signs of ketoacidosis and cause to call a doctor for help asap danger number five even if you lose weight on keto you might not keep it off many of us could write a love letter to carbs and because you have to cut back on them so much keto can be seen as a restrictive diet one that some health experts say might not be the best to follow long term plus if you've heard anything about diets chances are you've heard that the best diet plan is one that you can well stick with long term otherwise you risk regaining all of the weight you worked so hard to lose the moment you go back to your old eating habits danger number six you could lose muscle mass and zap your metabolism more bad news some of your weight loss on keto could be due to the loss of muscle mass especially if you're loading up on more fat than protein because muscle burns more calories than fat the effect on your metabolism is not good we'll let kaiser explain the science behind this phenomenon most of the time with any diet when someone is regaining weight they are gaining back more fat than muscle and some of that is based off of their physical activity so if you were doing a lot of strength training while you were say regaining weight then yes you're going to increase some of what you gained back as muscle but in general any time someone loses weight and regains it they're regaining it in a higher proportion of fat the fat that you regain isn't going to be helpful and so your baseline metabolism can actually drop danger number seven you could increase your risk of heart disease and diabetes keto isn't an excuse to up the butter and bacon in your diet but if you've seen any keto recipes you know that it happens high fat diets like this one may raise your cholesterol levels and some studies suggest they increase the risk of diabetes too some doctors even call keto a cardiologist nightmare case in point just recently a 25 000 person study presented at the european society of cardiology congress in munich suggested that people on the lowest carb diets like keto had the highest risk of dying from cancer cardiovascular conditions and all other causes and another recent study in the lancet found that people who were on low carb high animal protein diets al aquito had a higher risk of early death compared to those who enjoyed carbs in moderation here's the takeaway while the keto craze is alive and well the diet itself isn't always good for you or the best plan for long-term weight loss no matter how many deeply inspiring weight loss transformation shots you've seen on instagram no matter the diet experts agree that if your eating plan isn't healthy balanced and sustainable it's not worth the trouble

  Top Comments:
  1. @noteasy2222 [6 likes]: World class athletes pay close attention to their diet. I haven't heard of one saying that they do keto. 

The defensiveness of keto heads tells me all i need to know.
  2. @judith9577 [5 likes]: Almost died when I went hardcore keto!!
  3. @TheOrdener [1 likes]: This video is insanely irresponsible. Shame on the producers.
  4. @Kinkle_Z [1 likes]: The Keto diet is 20 gr of carbs or less/day - 50 grams/day would be considered "LOW CARB"... not keto. I never "caught" the keto flu. I was in ketosis within 24 hours. I never had digestive issues as she describes and the keto diet has LOTS of fiber even though fiber isn't necessary for good health. Now a strict Carnivore diet (a subset of keto) has no fiber at all and people thrive on that for years. You can't get ketoacidosis if you're "on keto". Kaiser, the PhD ND should have her license removed for suggesting that. She obviously flunked her exams! Keto is a lifestyle, not a diet so... you don't go off of it.
  5. @bigbirdwpg: Eat salads, kale, spinash, berries.  THen you get some fibre.
  6. @landerspolimis3690: I am here for the comments by the nutritional experts, some of them are comedy gold.. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🍿🍿😎
  7. @CJ-ft9yo: I’ve fasted for 20 hours on keto today, my third long fast,  I’m deep in ketosis 20 g of carbs,  after 6 weeks, and I feel absolutely dreadful, like last week, similar to when I had sun stroke once.   My head feels really bad after fasting, brain fog, depression etc.  I was going to do this sardine challenge  but I’m not going to put myself through this fad.   I’ve lost 500 grams, but I’m not hungry, but I’m running on empty.   I can’t work out, things are not being done, and no joy  -  but it does control hunger.  To loose 8 kilos I’ll have to stay on this diet for another 8 months and that sounds really unsustainable for my lifestyle, to be in this depleted state, and eating so much sea salt can’t be good.  No one tells you about the awful weakness in brain and body.
  8. @andreicionescu: My rule of thumb is that those who demonize the keto diet have very dark motives
  9. @iandunlop4399: A collection of spurious scare tactics…… on behalf of ????
  10. @quintononezine4802: This video is so full of it 😂😂. There’s no danger in going keto
  11. @BackWordsJane: This makes false claims about what you eat on Keto. Veggies besides avocados are eaten as well like broccoli , cauliflower and tomatoes are okay.Nuts other than cashew are eaten which are also a source of fiber.
I started eating Keto to lose weight 4 weeks ago and have lost 13 lbs so far and gone off of 1 of my 3 hypertension meds
  12. @rexwaly4411: When it come to keto flu, i think people should just start to ease in a bit at a time into the diet instead of fully cut out the carbs.
  13. @nicholaschiazza7926: Keto is nothing but the old Atkins "Diet Revolution" renamed. Atkins was called before congress to account for his diet because it became highly controversial. Atkins claimed you could literally EAT your weight off and hardly spoke about exercise which is necessary for health.
Yes, I lost a lot of weight on it. Yes, I gained it all back AND MORE! I craved carbohydrates. Unless another Ice Age comes along, humans weren't meant to eat that way. Quack, quack, quack!
  14. @NoraelDN: Long-term keto — especially when done aggressively — can:
Increase cortisol and stress hormones
Lead to muscle breakdown (especially without enough carbs or protein)
Disrupt thyroid and sex hormones
Exhaust the liver with ongoing gluconeogenesis
  15. @admirable1954: I've been on keto since 2009. I am 71 years old and have no health issues.
  16. @jorgeluisgarcia1006: By reading the comments I guess anecdotal cases (tons of them), prove you're biased, and living in the '50s with MOFO  Ancel Keys. 🙄🤦🏻‍♂️ I knew it'll be that way.
  17. @lisahinkofer2085: This is so not true. I’m seventy and have arthritis and since I’ve been on keto my arthritis has gotten so much better. I feel fantastic and my depression has lifted.
  18. @quantumparadox3075: Keto destroyed my metabolism in the long run
  19. @coddingafter30: Qhy would you have diarrhea if u actuality eat lots of veggies as parto of keto diet?
  20. @marcusaurelius6607: and what’s sustainable? maccaroni and cheese? lol

- Are Keto Diets Safe?: Kind: captions Language: en "Are Keto Diets Safe?" Given the decades of use of ketogenic diets to treat certain cases of pediatric epilepsy, a body of safety data has accumulated. Nutrient deficiencies would seem to be the obvious issue. Inadequate intake of 17 micronutrients —vitamins and minerals— has been documented in those on strict ketogenic diet. Dieting is a particularly important time to make sure you’re meeting all your essential nutrient requirements, since you may be taking in less food. Ketogenic diets tend to be so nutritionally vacuous that one assessment estimated that to get a sufficient daily intake of all essential vitamins and minerals you’d have to eat more than 37,000 calories a day. That’s one of the advantages of more plant-based approaches. As the editor-in-chief of the Journal of the American Dietetic Association put it: “What could be more nutrient dense than a vegetarian diet?” Choosing a healthy diet may be easier than sticking 50 sticks of butter in your coffee. And we’re not talking about just not reaching your daily allowances. Children have gotten scurvy on ketogenic diets, and some have even died from selenium deficiency (which can cause sudden cardiac death). The vitamin and mineral deficiencies can be solved with supplements, but what about the paucity of prebiotics, the dozens of types of fiber and resistant starches found concentrated in whole grains and beans that you’d be missing out on? Not surprisingly, constipation is very common on keto diets, but as I reviewed before, starving our microbial self of prebiotics can have a whole array of negative consequences. Ketogenic diets have been shown to reduce the richness and diversity of our gut flora. Microbiome changes can be detected within 24 hours of switching to a high-fat, low-fiber diet. The lack of fiber starves our good gut bacteria, but we used to think dietary fat itself was nearly all absorbed in the small intestine. But based on studies using radioactive tracers, we now know that about 7% of the saturated fat in a fat-rich meal can make it down to the colon, which may result in detrimental changes in our gut microbiome, weight gain, increased leaky gut, pro-inflammatory changes. For example, a drop in beneficial bifidobacteria and a decrease in overall short-chain fatty acid production, both of which would be expected to increase the risk of gastrointestinal disorders. OK, but striking at the heart of the matter, what might all that saturated fat be doing to our heart? If you look at low-carbohydrate diets and all-cause mortality, those who eat lower-carb diets suffer a significantly higher risk of all-cause mortality, meaning they live, on average, significantly shorter lives. From a heart disease perspective, though, it matters if it’s an animal fat or plant fat. Based on the famous Harvard cohorts, eating more of an animal-based low-carb diet was associated with higher death rates from cardiovascular disease— a 50 percent higher risk of dying from a heart attack or stroke— but no such association was found for lower-carb diets based on plant sources. And it wasn’t just Harvard. Low-carbohydrate dietary patterns favoring animal protein and fat, from sources such as red meat and chicken, were associated with higher mortality; whereas those favoring plant protein and fat, from things like vegetables, nuts, peanut butter, whole grains, was associated with lower mortality. Cholesterol production in the body is directly correlated to body weight. Every pound of weight loss by nearly any means is associated with about a one-point drop in cholesterol levels in the blood. But put people on very low-carb ketogenic diets and the beneficial effect on LDL bad cholesterol is blunted or even completely neutralized. Counterbalancing changes in LDL size or HDL (what we used to think of as good cholesterol) are not considered sufficient to offset this risk. You don’t have to wait until cholesterol builds up in your arteries, though, to have adverse effects. Within 3 hours of eating a meal high in saturated fat you can see a significant impairment of artery function. Even with a dozen pounds of weight loss, artery function worsens on a ketogenic diet which appears to be the case with low-carb diets in general. So, bad for the gut, bad for the heart, but is it bad to the bone? We’ll find out next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wisdomparks92 [4 likes]: I had a ketones level of 7.4 after fasting and being on and off a carnivore diet. I was also fluctuating on pub meals. Let's just say I was not healthy at all. I've improved a lot since then
  2. @NutritionFactsOrg [3 likes]: Please see the description for an update to the chart at 00:17. -NF Team
  3. @tylerbird1359 [1 likes]: You are an absolute bafoon, vegan diets are the ones void of nutrition. Myself, and others are so healthier going on 10 yrs now, never felt better and don't have to take any supplements like I did when I was vegan. And for the love of all things holy stop lying to the public about scurvy you are an absolute fear monger, meat doesn't make it to the con either you call yourself a Dr get a life and stop ignoring the science we currently have, I actually reversed my cad, my ckd my severe Crohn's and malnourishment I was on my death bed I  off all meds have been for years so stop the B's and stay in your lane your a blad faced liar
  4. @Chuck_N0rris [1 likes]: I hate that I never can find a balanced breakdown of things. People are just in different echo chambers supporting one or the other extreme. As a biology student, I am going to the source (scientific papers) to get to the bottom of this. Here is my personal experience with Keto btw: Lost 10kg in 3 months and feel a lot better. In the short term it is a great weight loss program. Now I need to figure out what it does in the long run.
  5. @robertoj8950 [1 likes]: Since I started keto my stomach problems went away  and my glucose became normal .
  6. @derekjolly3680: The problem that keeps coming up with this guy is this intermittent advocacy for vegetarianism seemingly.  Meat provides too many benefits to radically exclude it.  Is he actually doing that or simply saying eat far less meat?  Sensible amounts of meat generally, and favoring chicken, fish, turkey, and organ meat for example, but definitely not excluding red meat either, insures you're getting the B vitamins, complete amino acids, iron and protein in particular.  I'm all for a balanced diet and the Four Food Groups, and you don't really get a balanced diet when you exclude meat.  You also tend to often see vegetarians and vegans who are too skinny, too weak, and undernourished.  I certainly don't see the slightest need to have a radical or fad diet for losing weight.  Vegetarianism is radical.  You might cut back on starch to a degree, fat to a degree, but that doesn't mean restricting out whole food groups either.
  7. @Lean__Strong-i8b: It's important to consider the long-term sustainability and nutrient density of any diet, and for many, a balanced approach with plenty of whole plant foods is more accessible and enjoyable.
  8. @blueckaym: This is extremely manipulative video! 
To the point that I don't think it's misguided, but intentionally manipulative!
Briefly put - if you don't know what Keto even is, don't pass opinions and judgement, but instead educate yourself!
Why I say this - because he's using selective examples, once for very extreme fat diet with very low variety and thus low micronutrients intake, so sure that would lead to some micronutrient deficiencies.
Or even labeling keto diet something that has left ketosis already.
Keto diet is a general term for a low-carb diet, so that you enter and maintain ketosis for as long as needed (some people do it all the time, for reasons having nothing to do with weight-loss).
And just because you're cutting down carbs doesn't mean that you have to eat only fatty meat, and can't have good variety in your diet.
Micronutrients are a tiny volume of what we eat, even though that typically they're rich in low-energy dense foods, which often leads to eating high volume of low-energy food just to get lots of micronutrients. Obviously micronutrients are critically important as they facilitate and control the processes in your body, so it's very important to avoid deficiencies, but if they're in normal range there's no need to pursue them zealously. Not to mention that nowadays it's extremely easy (even if it costs a bit extra and might not be the most efficient way) but you can take missing micronutrients as supplements.
Also a good keto diet study needs to have reliable readouts of the glucose/ketones in the blood if you want to be sure that the subject was actually in ketosis and for how long.
Yes it can be tricky, and your liver can produce glucose (usually under stress) even if haven't eating any carbs at all, which can shift your metabolism and results at least for few hours.
This video could be ok-ish if it correct its title to "Are atkins diets safe?"
But generalizing for all keto diets is just stupid!
  9. @joecaner: Wait a minute...how does one get a zinc deficiency on a Keto diet when meat is listed as a "very good" source for zinc? I agree that a Keto diet can lead to deficiencies, but a zinc deficiency doesn't seem likely, and a B12 deficiency to boot. Heck, they feed B12 to animals on the feedlot to boost their levels. Something is off with the graphic at time 0:19
  10. @Drike6923: I'd be interested in a randomized control trial comparing plant-based vs animal-based.  Because the mainstream consensus tells us meat is bad, a lot of these studies are essentially useless because people trying to be healthy are eating less animal foods but they are also working out, eating less processed foods, and making other healthier lifestyle choices, which skews the data.  I believe red meat and organs are the healthiest, most nutrient dense and nutrient bio-available foods on the planet.
  11. @B-Honest-Now: Very annoying tone and style.
  12. @TrustInJesusChrist-John3.16: Since being on low saturated fat (mediterranean- primarily good fats) keto diet, my chronic skin problem, cravings and constant fatigue are gone..and exercise is now a breeze. So much positive stuff to be found elsewhere about keto.
  13. @kendraheard8240: Lol that's funny...I've been researching this and I think there are success stories and also people who have bad experiences...me personally I tried it for two weeks and I went to urgent for rapid heartbeat....they said everything was fine but I experienced it again and it scared me so bad....so even tho I still eat healthy food like protein, veggies, healthy fats, and nuts....I've now added beans for a little bit of carbs so I don't feel like I'm dieing lol but I cut out all snacks, bread, pasta, fruit and soda hopeful I'll still be able to lower my A1c
  14. @Spardeous: Vegans are allergic to facts
  15. @Nardiumms: Propaganda from the government
  16. @A_British_Luddite: Yes the keto diet is safe. I've been keto/carnivore for 12 months.
https://youtu.be/PgAW0gcsQKM?si=B5k5CyI2hQ9RAkAv
  17. @dchildr360diurnalnutrition: This is absolute nonsense!!! You’re an actor and the presentation is propaganda!
  18. @eduardomendes1799: Veg bias
  19. @prettypurple7175: WHICH ONE OF YOU BASTARD IS LYING TO US((((?))))
  20. @prettypurple7175: WTF/////

- Keto diet pros and cons: Kind: captions Language: en ♪THE KETO DIET, A PLAN THAT IS HIGH IN FAT AND LOW IN CARBS HAS BECOME A POPULAR WAY TO LOSE WEIGHT. IT’S BEEN OUT THERE FOR YEARS. IN FACT, THE INTERNATIONAL FOOD INFORMATION COUNCIL REPORTS THAT ABOUT 12.9 MILLION AMERICANS FOLLOWED THE KETO DIET EVERY YEAR. BUT WHAT ARE SOME OF THE BENEFITS AND RISKS IF YOU’RE USING IT? THINKING OF GOING KETO? >> THE CATO JANNIK OR KETO DIET INVOLVES CONSUMING 60% OF DAILY CALORIES FROM FAT, 30% FROM PROTEIN AND ONLY 10% FROM CARBS. THE IDEA IS YOUR BODY DOESN’T HAVE CARBS. SO IT BURNS FAT FIRST. >> ESSENTIALLY MIMICS A FASTING RESEARCH SUGGESTS THE KETO DIET HAS BENEFITS. IT CAN HELP WITH WEIGHT LOSS. MAKE CANCER CELLS MORE REACTIVE TO CHEMO AND RADIATION. >>MELANIE LAWSON: REDUCE SEIZURES AND PROVE ACNE AND REDUCE BLOOD SUGAR LEVELS. AND THOSE WITH DIABETES. ONE RECENT STUDY ALSO FOUND THE KETO DIET HELPS PEOPLE WITH MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS BY IMPROVING NEUROLOGICAL DISABILITY AND THE QUALITY OF LIFE. >> AT THE SIX-MONTH POINT ON THE DIET IS THAT PATIENTS WERE LESS DEPRESSED. >> THEY WERE SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER LEVELS OF FATIGUE. BUT THERE MIGHT ALSO BE SOME DOWNSIDES. A RECENT STUDY FOUND KETO DIETS WERE LINKED TO TWICE AS MANY CARDIOVASCULAR EVENTS. >>MELANIE LAWSON: INCLUDING HEART ATTACKS, STROKES AND BLOCKAGES IN ARTERIES AND PEOPLE ON KETO DIETS HAD SIGNIFICANTLY HIGHER LEVELS OF LDL OR BAD CHOLESTEROL. SOME EVIDENCE HAS ALSO SHOWN THAT LONG-TERM KETO DIETS CAN LOWER LEVELS OF HEALTHY GUT BACTERIA AND CHILDREN. BUT EXPERTS SAY MORE RESEARCH IS NEEDED TO CONFIRM THESE LINKS. I DON’T ADVOCATE THAT ALL PATIENTS GO ON THESE DIETS. THIS WILL HELP YOU UNDERSTAND THE GOOD AND BAD WHEN IT COMES TO KEY. DO. ANOTHER POTENTIAL NEGATIVE OF QUITO. IT’S VERY RESTRICTIVE. ONE STUDY FOUND THAT 37% OF KETO DIETERS QUIT.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Abnerjair123halamadrid [1 likes]: HyperKeto isn't just about losing weight—it's about reclaiming your vitality and optimizing your health from the inside out. By adopting a ketogenic lifestyle with HyperKeto, you'll experience a myriad of benefits beyond the scale. From increased mental clarity and focus to stabilized energy levels throughout the day, the positive effects are truly profound. Plus, with the abundance of mouthwatering recipes and meal plans provided, sticking to the program becomes effortless. Don't just imagine a healthier, happier you—make it a reality with HyperKeto.
  2. @courtneyraefl: A ketogenic diet increases risks of all causes of mortality. The only evidence-based dietary approaches are the Mediterranean diet and the DASH diet, both of which focus on increasing consumption of plants and decreasing consumption of animal bodies/secretions.

- Dr. Eric Verdin on Ketogenic Diet Longevity, Beta-Hydroxybutyrate, HDAC Inhibitors & NAD+: Kind: captions Language: en Rhonda: Hello, everyone. Welcome back to another episode of the “FoundMyFitness” podcast. I am sitting here with Dr. Eric Verdin, who is the president of the Buck Institute for Research on Aging. Now, I recently saw a quote from you that said you stated that a child born in the year 2007 had a 50% chance of living to be 104 years old. Dr. Verdin: Yes. Rhonda: First of all, yes, you did. Can you explain what you mean by that? Because that’s pretty exciting. Dr. Verdin: I think it says what it says based on the projection of where the progression and lifespan that has happened during the last 100 years, which has been about 2 years per decade. I think scientists at Berkeley actually have been able to… This data comes out of a book that was based on data from Berkeley suggesting that a child born in 2007 has a 50% chance of living to 104. Rhonda: After reading that quote, I was thinking, “Well, maybe some of these lifestyle interventions that we know to regulate the aging process that we know that can have a positive effect on healthspan. Can you maybe tell people a little bit about what are some of the main lifestyle interventions that are known to regulate the aging process at least in animal models? And in humans as well. I think, there are, you know, four broad categories of things that are being considered by the aging field. One is exercise is to this day the surest, best intervention that we have to increase healthspan and lifespan. The second one is nutrition, and there’s a lot of research going on today trying to understand what is it about nutrition and carbohydrates versus fat, versus proteins, what is the relative role of all these nutrients in your lifespan and healthspan. The third one, which is actually an active field of investigation, is the identification of molecules that mimic either exercise or the sort of exercise mimetic or mimic restriction in terms of nutrients, what we call calorie restriction mimetics. And, finally, the last part of the whole aging field is the idea of rejuvenation. So, the first three approaches are geared towards slowing down the process of aging. Rejuvenation takes the approach that once the aging has occurred how can you repair it and how can you fix it. So, I think, you know, we have programs here that are studying all four different approaches. I think you’re probably familiar with Jack LaLanne, who is one of the gurus that started the American sort of infatuation with exercise. He lived to 100 years old, and he said that, “Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together, and you have a kingdom,” which I think is really true. You know, for me and many of my colleagues, I think exercise and nutrition is the cornerstone of what we’re trying to do today until we have better drugs. Rhonda: It’s a beautiful quote. And in terms of the nutrition, when I think of nutrition, you mentioned, you know, the macronutrient content, trying to understand the ratios of carbohydrates, and protein, and fat, I often think of the micronutrients when I think of nutrition. My mentor for my postdoc was Dr. Bruce Ames, and, of course, you know, he’s very focused on micronutrients, vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids, and amino acids. But, in the past couple of decades, the research has seemed to show that limiting these certain macronutrients, protein, fat, carbohydrates, you sort of tweak the amount that you take in, you can alter the way an animal ages at least in terms of the way their tissues are aging. You’re not necessarily going to, you know, increase their maximum lifespan, but you may increase their average lifespan, which is… Dr. Verdin: Yes, I think, in the last 20 years, we’ve learned a lot. And, a lot of these research has been actually causing a reevaluation of some of the public policies that have been enacted in the last 20 and 30 years in terms of what should you eat, when should you eat. So, a lot of work is ongoing today and actually generating lots of really interesting data. Along with this, the basic science of aging, I think what people have studied is trying to understand what are the pathways that control aging in C. elegans, in Drosophila, the fruit flies, in the little nematode, or in mice. One of the major pathways that has emerged is insulin signaling pathway. That was the work of Cynthia Kenyon back in 1990 showing that the insulin signaling pathway is one of the major pathways that controls Well, if you know this, you can already sort of backtrack and say, “Well, what does insulin do?” It’s the major hormone that allows you to utilize carbohydrates, and so the implication of this is the more carbohydrates you eat the more you activate the insulin signaling pathway, and the prediction would be that the more or the faster you age. And I think the real data really suggests this model. Now, it lies completely in the face of what we’ve assumed to be correct. You can walk into any store and find low-fat diet and low-fat products. Turns out that we really believe that the culprit is more carbohydrates. And a recent paper just came out, which is really remarkable, showing, analyzing in thousands of humans fraction of their total calorie intake that is represented by carbohydrates, and they were able to…just by interviewing them and asking, you know, “What do you eat?” And what they showed in this paper is all-cause mortality was directly correlated to the amount of carbohydrate that one eats. So, the people who ate the least amount of carbohydrates showed the lowest all-cause mortality. Rhonda: Wow. Did they differentiate between refined carbohydrates and, for example, vegetables which are carbohydrates? Dr. Verdin: They did. They didn’t. And I think, you know, this is obviously not all carbohydrates are created equal, but I think… Rhonda: Possible confounder. Dr. Verdin: Irrespective, total carbohydrate was a very strong predictor. But, obviously, you know, if your total carbohydrates intake… It’s very hard to eat a high amount of carbohydrates that are all sort of a low absorption type of carbohydrates. So, typically, the people who eat a lot of carbohydrate will eat a lot of the bad ones as well. Rhonda: Right. Yeah. Most people that are eating that are probably eating more of a standard sort of American diet, you know, where it’s chips, crackers, and cookies, and I think people that are following more like of a Paleolithic type of diet, where they’re eating, you know, whole foods, and meat, and nuts, probably would eat their carbohydrate intake. The bowl could be from vegetables, things like that. But, you’re mentioning a really important point, is that the carbohydrate intake and the insulin signaling pathway, these things, carbohydrates regulate that, but also you limit your carbohydrate intake when you’re fasting, right? I mean… Dr. Verdin: You limit all of your intake. Rhonda: Oh, yeah, all of it essentially, yeah. But, your insulin signaling goes down, right? And, maybe you could talk a little bit about, you know, fasting, because fasting is one of the well-known, you know, dietary interventions that can regulate the way we ate. And the key question about fasting is there’s growing evidence that it is beneficial. Intermittent fasting, episodic fasting can actually illicit a response in our bodies and many animal models that are protective against aging. The question is, how does it happen? So, fasting has growing evidence that it actually increases lifespan and healthspan, and the so-called fasting mimicking diets are emerging. A group, Valter Longo’s, suggesting that, you know, these diets have really beneficial effect on healthspan, even in humans. Now, the key question is how do they work, and there are multiple possible mechanism. And it’s possible that the resulting effect is a combination of all of them, of all mechanisms. So, one is decreasing carbohydrate intake. So, that would lead to a decrease in insulin signaling. Second one is restricting protein intake, which would actually lead to decreased mTOR signaling and so on. The third one is induction of ketosis, which is a small nutrient which is generated by your liver during the fasting process, and all works indicates that just ketosis and a ketogenic diet might have beneficial effect all by itself. Rhonda: Yeah. So, you recently published a paper. Your lab recently published a paper where you had taken male mice and given them a cyclic ketogenic diet. So, that started in mid-life? Dr. Verdin: Actually, it started at one year old. Rhonda: One year old, okay. Dr. Verdin: So, this is about a third of their normal lifespan. So, that would be equivalent of a 30-year-old human. Rhonda: Okay. So, exactly you found that it increased the healthspan of these animals? Rhonda: And also there is some effect on the brain? Very interesting data suggesting… Again, the whole experiment started on the idea, the observation that there are many similarities between what happens during ketosis on a ketogenic diet and what happens on calorie-restriction or fasting. And so, with a colleague in the lab, John Newman, a number of years ago, we started asking the question, you know, “Would mice on a ketogenic diet live longer?” So, we spend about a year and a half with John trying to identify the conditions where this mice would be on fats and protein diets, essentially had zero carbohydrates, after one year of age. The problem we had initially is that they actually loved the stuff so they would just devour this diet, and they got fat. So, we were worried that by becoming obese we would sort of counterbalance beneficial effects of the ketogenic diet. So, we spend a bit of time trying to solve this. Eventually, were able to put them one week on, one week off, and that resulted in a stable weight in the mice, and that allowed us to look at their healthspan and lifespan at the end of their lives. And what we’ve saw was an increased medium lifespan by about 10%, so their early mortality was decreased. But, eventually, they ended up having no increase in maximum lifespan. We also found a number of other variables associated with healthspan that were significantly increased, in particular memory. These mice, the most remarkable thing we saw is that these older mice on the ketogenic diet showed actually better memory than younger mice, and certainly we did not see the loss of memory function that one would normally see associated with the aging process. So, I think it was a pretty profound observation. I should say also Jon Ramsey and his colleague at UC Davis conducted the same type of experiment except that instead of putting the mice on a cyclic one week, one week off diet, they allotted fixed portions to the mice so they couldn’t overeat. They gave them the same amount of calories that they would’ve been eating had they been on a normal diet, and so these mice did not get fat and were continuously on the ketogenic diet. And what they saw is essentially parallel to what we saw, but the effects were even a little better, which suggests that the cycling might have been actually a bit stressful for the mice over the long run. And so I think we’re very excited by these two studies, because they were conducted independently. We found out only that we were pursuing the same thing right at the end at the time of publishing, and then we decided to coordinate publication of the stories, and they came out in the same journal together. So, I think they both reinforced each other. There is really clearly intriguing biology there happening, and this was the first time that this had been reported. Rhonda: Wow, absolutely. It’s very exciting. I read your paper. I did not read the parallel paper. I did see the headline for it. But, just to kind of go back to the memory thing that your lab identified, so the ketone body, the major circulating one that’s generated is beta-hydroxybutyrate, and that’s involved in energy metabolism, but also you have found it has other roles in addition to its role in energy metabolism, which we can talk about in a minute. But, what are your thoughts as to why, you know, the memory enhancement was so good or, you know, so robust? Do you think that has to do with energy metabolism, mitochondrial function, or do you know? Dr. Verdin: We do not know, but it’s the central question of everything we do right now with respect to the ketogenic diet, is really trying to understand. So, beta-hydroxybutyrate is generated from our own fat during the fasting process. So, when we start fasting, the body needs energy, and we’ll grab it out of our fat cells. These fat cells release fat in the circulation. It goes into the liver, and the liver transforms the fat into beta-hydroxybutyrate. Now, why does it do this? Because our brain cannot use fat as a source of energy. Our brain can only rely on glucose or on beta-hydroxybutyrate. And so the way the system is geared up is the fat gets released into the liver, and the liver distributes the beta-hydroxybutyrate to the whole brain who can then use it and spare glucose. So, why do you want to spare glucose? The reason is that once you are fasting, at least for four hours, the only way you can make glucose is from proteins. And so if you’re in a prolonged fast, you start digesting your muscles to make proteins, to make glucose, and you don’t wanna lose all of your proteins and all of your muscles. So, the glucose-sparing effect of beta-hydroxybutyrate is to spare muscle mass if you’re fasting. So, the system is really carefully engineered to really generate a whole new way for your body to utilize energy when you’re fasting. Are you aware of the glucose-sparing effect in the brain where… I know it’s been shown at least in terms of lactate. So the astrocytes in your brain do make lactate, because they’re glycolytic, and then neurons will take it up much like beta-hydroxybutyrate. They go through the same transporter. Dr. Verdin: Yes, yes. Rhonda: But, when there’s an abundance of lactate, and I don’t know if studies have been done on beta-hydroxybutyrate in the brain looking at this specific thing or not, but the glucose sparing that occurs is the glucose gets shunted into the pentose phosphate pathway to make NADPH, which is a precursor for glutathione synthesis. And so the idea is that under, like, a traumatic situation, like traumatic brain injury, when there’s a lot of oxidative stress happening, you need glutathione to counter from that. So, it’d be interesting to see in your study if you can look at some of those pathways to see if they’re upregulating or making glutathione, because brain aging kind of is like a traumatic insult, but, like, slowly chronic, right? I mean, in a way. Dr. Verdin: Well, you know, we published a paper. What got us into this field was an observation that we published in “Science” in 2010 showing that beta-hydroxybutyrate, in addition to being a nutrient, as we just discussed, is also a signaling molecule. And what we found at that time was that beta-hydroxybutyrate, which is quite similar to butyrate, butyrate is a byproduct of bacterial fermentation in our gut. Actually, when we eat fibers, these bacteria will digest the fibers into butyrates, and this butyrate actually circulates in many of us as we live. Butyrate was the first known or first identified inhibitor of HDACs, histone deacetylases, which are epigenetic regulators, and so that suggested that maybe beta-hydroxybutyrate might be an endogenous regulator of these HDACs. Now, the reason why we were interested in HDACs is because they have been linked to aging as well. Stephen Helfand’s work has shown that an enzyme called Rpd3 in yeast is actually a regulator of the sirtuins, which are themselves a regulator of aging. So, there’s a pathway that’s in yeast that’s been established actually in Drosophila as well linking Rpd3 to sirtuin to aging, the aging process, and these HDACs that I’m talking about are in the same pathway. So, that got us to start thinking, “Could beta-hydroxybutyrate be also an HDAC inhibitor?” and it was. And then this implicated that it might actually be able to regulate gene expression, and some of the key targets that we found were enzymes such as FOXO3, which is a major sort of transcription factor in humans linked to aging, and it turns out that FOXO3 actually controls the response to oxidative stress. So, there’s another link there that, you know, brings not only the pentose phosphate, NADPH, but beta-hydroxybutyrate actually protects against oxidative stress, both as a nutrient, but also as a transcription or regulator. Rhonda: That’s super cool. Do you know what levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate are required to sort of flip that switch and… Dr. Verdin: It’s a very good question. It’s probably one of the reasons why no one did the experiment before us. Butyrates and beta-hydroxybutyrate are poor inhibitors. They have very low efficiency as HDAC inhibitors. It’s in a millimolar concentration. And, as an inhibitor, nobody wants to work on millimolar inhibitors, because it’s not potent enough. What most ipeople did not realize is that the concentration of beta-hydroxybutyrate in your plasma or in your brain during fasting can go in the millimolar range very quickly. I was reading a paper, discussing these concentrations, and was astounded. I thought, “Well, millimolar concentration, this means that it might really work as an HDAC inhibitor.” And so we tested this by putting a pump under the skin of a mice with beta-hydroxybutyrate and then measuring histone acetylation throughout the mouse, and we found that histone acetylation marks were going up, suggesting that there was indeed an inhibition of HDAC. And I think that was the turning point for us. Rhonda: By giving them exogenous beta-hydroxybutyrate. Dr. Verdin: Yes, not even the fasting. Because fasting or a ketogenic diet is much more complicated than just giving beta-hydroxybutyrate. Rhonda: They were on a normal chow diet. Dr. Verdin: Normal chow diet. They were not fasted. And we found that their ketone body levels were going very high in the millimolar range. And, within a few hours, their histones were becoming hyperacetylated. And so that for us, I think, signified that here’s a molecule that is produced during fasting, and they’re conditions that we know are good for your health. So, ketogenic diet has been indicated, has been shown to have some beneficial effect under a series of circumstances. I was on this. We had a potential signaling mechanism, and that’s what we’ve pursued. I do remember saying that paper was published in “Science” at 2010 or something like that. Dr. Verdin: Or ‘11. I do remember that paper. Very super cool paper. I actually talk about it quite often, you know, when I’m talking about beta-hydroxybutyrate. So, what do you think of exogenous ketone esters? Like, do you think that they’re safe? Is that something that you know about or have thought about? Dr. Verdin: Well, we’ve thought about it. We are experimenting with them as well. It is one of the central questions. It’s most of the beneficial effect that we have seen have been with the ketogenic Again, that’s very different from a high beta-hydroxybutyrate level. And one of the remaining or at least the next step in this whole field is really to understand what can we recapitulate with beta-hydroxybutyrate alone, and I think we’re working actively on this and so are many other groups. The ketogenic diet itself it’s important to realize is not an easy diet to live on. You know, I don’t mean to be diminishing the merit… Actually, I highlight the merit of people who are on a long-term ketogenic diet. It takes a lot of discipline. You basically cannot eat a significant amount Many people who have been on this diet for a long time actually tout its benefits and the fact that they feel very healthy and they feel very present. There are a lot of brain effects linked to Now, big question is what can we replicate just by administering BHB, beta-hydroxybutyrate, alone. I think that you’re absolutely right, you know, and not to mention that with a ketogenic diet there’s also… You know, some people can’t really do them. You know, there are certain gene polymorphisms. I know there’s one in the PPAR-alpha gene which is important for the whole process of making ketone bodies and that people have that they actually can’t do that very well, and so it can be sort of dangerous, and they can have inflammation. Sort of the opposite profile will happen, you know, so it’s certainly something to consider. And then not to mention, like, you found in your paper that you just published this year…was it last month? Dr. Verdin: Yeah. Rhonda: Yeah, last month. That you found, you know, there were multiple changes going on. I think there was a decrease in insulin, obviously, and IGF-1, and mTOR activity went down. And then, you know, so that’s something you’re not gonna just get from beta-hydroxybutyrate. Maybe, we don’t know. I don’t… Dr. Verdin: We don’t know. I suspect, not for the mTOR part, but we compared the ketogenic diet to a high-fat diet which was not ketogenic, which mice ate a large amount of fat and enough carbohydrate to suppress ketogenesis. And one of the biggest difference, I think, actually between these two was the activation of PPAR-alpha. And this is also very exciting, because that indicates that maybe a lot of the beneficial effect that we see on the ketogenic diet come from PPAR-alpha activation. We’ve been reading that literature. There’s quite a bit of information there that really hasn’t been pursued as a next direction to try to dissect these effects. Rhonda: Because PPAR-alpha’s doing something to the mitochondria. What’s the main… Dr. Verdin: It’s a key enzyme of the fasting response, but it seems to be more highly activated in response to the ketogenic diet than to a pure high-fat diet. Rhonda: What about fasting, if you compare fasting to… Dr. Verdin: It is activated. We did not compare to fasting. We compared it just high-fat to…but I think it just points to a new direction in which we can start dissecting what is the role of PPAR-alpha in these responses. Rhonda: But, with your diet, you limited the protein intake, and you didn’t limit the caloric intake, that was the other study? Dr. Verdin: No. The protein intake was actually 10% isocaloric between all of the diets that we tested, and the other group did the same thing. So, we were very careful not to change the protein intake. And the other group actually did change a bit the protein content, which could be taken as a confounding variable. So, I think we were very careful in not changing the protein count there. Rhonda: Is that standard for… You know, ketogenic diets have grown in popularity. And, you know, so do you think that the ketogenic diet you used you hadn’t have done a 10% protein if they had done a little bit more? I’m not sure if maybe that technically wouldn’t have even been a ketogenic diet. But would it have changed the IGF-1 mTOR axis as much, or… Dr. Verdin: You’re bringing an important point, which is that a number of people who go on a ketogenic diet tend to compensate by increasing their protein intake, which might actually put them at risk for exactly what you’re describing, increase IGF-1 signaling and increase actually risk of cancer. There’s a really close correlation between your IGF-1 level and your risk of cancer. So, I think this is something that needs to be considered in the future for people who are on a long-term ketogenic diet. Rhonda: And with the caloric restriction diets as well, there was a study I remember reading that humans that end up doing caloric restriction, like just the whole society of caloric restriction, they eat, you know, 30% less calories than they normally would or whatever, something But, they end up eating a higher percentage of protein, because it’s more satiating. So, humans sort of naturally gravitate to eating more protein when they’re eating less food. And so what’s interesting is a lot of those… I think you even published a study recently looking at biomarkers of aging in lymphocytes or monocytes? And we saw no difference between people in calorie restriction. This is something important to consider when lot of the work that we do in the lab are done on mice that are isogenic or congenic, so these are mice that are also mated to one another. When you bring discoveries to the human population, it is critical to take into consideration the incredible variation between different people and how they might respond to the same interventions. We know from everything that we’ve studied in the medicine that I am not the same as you are and you are different from your neighbor in many biological responses, and that includes response through calorie restriction as suspected. In a number of people, it would actually do them harm, and in a number of people, it will do them good. We know this when we test it from strains of mice by calorie restriction. Half of the strains actually responded by shortening of lifespan, the other half by an increase in lifespan. So, we take calorie restriction, for example, as a universal modification that will increase lifespan. It’s not what is seen in the literature, and I would say the same is going to be even more true for humans. So, I think this brings out one of the key things that is lacking in the field of aging, is the identification of biomarkers that would allow us to test on an individual basis whether the intervention or the modifications that you’re imposing is actually pointing you in the right direction or in the wrong direction. And I would caution anyone who’s considering doing something long-term in terms of their health to be very careful in how they feel and how…because we don’t have these biomarkers of aging. They’re emerging, but they’re not validated, and certainly not in the human populations. They’re emerging in mice models and other models, but sort of that’s really where we will be going in the next few years, is really having true biomarkers that allow us to predict whether a given intervention is beneficial or actually hurtful. What do you think are the top three right now we have for biomarkers for aging? Dr. Verdin: I can tell you the one that are really exciting me. Alexander Zhavoronkov has a company called Insilico Medicine that is building biomarkers of aging based on facial recognition and based on metabolites. Just consider how… Rhonda: Metabolites. So, consider how you and I can look at a human and pretty much guess what their age is for most people, and consider the fact that where this is coming from is the fact that we’ve lived, and we’ve met thousands of people, and we’ve heard about their ages, and we sort of build a database of information. So, what Alex and his company have done is they’ve taken the pictures of thousands of people and fed them to a deep neural network and artificial intelligence, and the computer has been able to learn how to recognize and to link on average what is the face of a 7-year-old versus a 60-year-old. So, you can do this, and they will tell you what the computer thinks your age is, and for some people you fall right on, but some number of people you find that your age based on your face actually looks younger or older. So, this would be a reflection your biological age. He’s also been able to do this with the blood markers. With 20, or 30, or 40 sort of usual blood markers, by screening a large number of people, he can actually generate curves, and then you can put in your blood values and see where you fit. So, that’s one approach. BioAge is a company in the Bay Area that is actually pursuing the same idea, looking at artificial intelligence and biomarkers in plasma or in urine and so on for identifying your age. And, finally, one big area is the whole idea of the epigenetic clock. Rhonda: Steve Horvath, yeah. Dr. Verdin: Steve Horvath and Trey Ideker have shown that there are changes in DNA methylation that are actually pretty closely chronological So, I think all of those together are emerging as indicative that there are markers that we can reliably measure. The key is how many of those do we need, how can we reduce this to something that can be a very strong predictor, not so much of your chronological age, but of your biological I think there was a study I did read, maybe it was the company that you mentioned, where there was a panel of blood biomarkers that they looked at, like, telomere length, and immunosenescence, and, you know, the standard panel. And then they had people, I think it was people, that were asked to identify their facial age or something like that, and then they asked their chronological age, and their facial age actually matched their biological age more than their chronological or something Dr. Verdin: Exactly. We all know in our acquaintances some people that actually look younger and some people that look older. And we know this because we have a deep neural network in our head that has allowed us to build, you know, reference points so that we can pretty much guess how old people are. And the computer does it even more efficiently, because it can be fed tens or hundreds of thousands of pictures and… Rhonda: That’s cool. I want to try it out. It is actually pretty cool. Rhonda: I’m gonna be getting my telomeres tested, you know. Just I don’t know how reliable that’s gonna be. We’ll see about it. You know, I’ve been getting less sleep than usual, because I’m a new mother, and that’s what I’m trying to effect, but it’ll be interesting to see. Anyways, I sort of digressed. I kind of wanted to ask you a little bit about, you know, we’re talking about fasting, and we talked a lot about, you know, insulin signaling decreasing, IGF-1. We’ve talked about before in the podcast before with Valter Longo and others just how protein restriction seems to really regulate that, and that also regulates aging process, mTOR as well. But, something else that really seems to change with fasting is the NAD levels, and that’s something that, you know, your lab has studied extensively with the sirtuins. So, maybe could you talk a little bit about… Because NAD is also extremely exciting to me, and it’s pretty popular these days as well. So, NAD has emerged as one of these critical intermediary metabolites. Think of ketone bodies, NAD, all, I call them currencies. I mean, so think about the organism as a country. You need to circulate energy, and NAD is one way that our body is utilizing within the cell to convert and transfer energy. It’s almost like the Brinkman truck. It carries the money. And NAD is a hydride acceptor. While we oxidize foods, it can actually serve as an acceptor for electron, and then it can transfer them, for example, to the respiratory chain. So, it’s one way for the energy to be circulated within the cell, and there’s growing evidence that its level decrease during aging. Why that happens is still one of the big mysteries, and so this has yielded a whole approach. They’re trying to understand, first, what are the consequences of decreased NAD levels, and one of the consequences is that enzymes like sirtuins which rely on NAD to exert all of their beneficial activities actually function less well. That’s what happens during aging. But, also many other enzymes that are involved in our metabolism are relying on NAD, and so they function less well, so your intermediary metabolism functions less well. The sirtuins, which are global regulators, function less well. Your… Anyways, I lost my… Rhonda: You’re basically falling apart. Essentially, you know, everything becomes a little less efficient. So, out of these discoveries came the idea that maybe we should replenish the decreasing levels of NAD, and so this has yielded some discoveries, such as nicotinamide riboside, nicotinamide mononucleotide, which are now being taken by a lot of people with the hope that they will, you know, correct some of these problems. One word of caution I think there is, we do not know why these levels decrease. They could decrease because we have decreased production of NAD, but it could also decrease because we have accelerated destruction of NAD, which means, if it’s accelerated destruction, bringing more into it is sort of like pouring more NAD in a leaky sink. So, I think a lot of our work right now is trying to understand what is the cause of the decrease in NAD during aging, because I think it will yield very different solutions. If you find that there’s a leaky sink, we’ll work at plugging the sink versus keeping pouring water. Rhonda: I have a theory. Rhonda: So, I know, you know, I did a lot of work with DNA damage, and knowing that one of the main enzymes… Dr. Verdin: PARP. Rhonda: Exactly. I mean, if you think about… So one of the main enzymes that repairs damage as we age, DNA damage, PARP, requires NAD, and it’s like if you’re accumulating more and more damage as you age, you have to repair more of that damage, and the more and more damage you’re having, maybe it’s sucking the NAD sort of like almost a triage where you got to keep repairing that damage, so then other things like the mitochondria suffer. So… Dr. Verdin: I completely agree, and so there are two major theories right now that have been proposed in terms of why does NAD go down. One is activated PARP, and, indeed, as we age, we accumulate DNA damage. That’s been shown, especially in the brain recently, and so the idea is, by activating PARP, you constantly deplete your NAD levels. The second one is we all have in our body a so-called salvage pathway for NAD, because NAD turns over. There’s this so-called salvaged pathway that allows it to be recycled back to…so we can get NAD from the food, but also we salvage the one that we utilize, and the salvage pathway has been shown to becoming paralyzed while you age. There’s an enzyme called NAMPT that has received a lot of attention. That enzyme tends to be inhibited by chronic inflammation and a high-fat diet. So, it could be a combination of both of these things, but it could be actually working on another mechanism, which is that there might be accelerated destruction by other enzymes beyond par. And getting some exciting results in this direction. Rhonda: Cool. So, for people that are not familiar with, like, in terms of what role it plays, you know, in the aging process, you know, it seems as though, at least in some of the studies that I’ve seen, that mitochondrial function really seems to be important and that you’ve shown that the sirtuin-3 in the mitochondria itself seems to be really important for the mitochondrial function, keeping your mitochondria young. Mitochondria play a very important role in Dr. Verdin: A critical role. You know, many of the aging pathways that we know, be it the unfolded protein response, or mitochondrial biogenesis, all point to efficient mitochondria as one of the key ways to stay young. And one reason is because this is a way so you can generate energy from glycolysis, which is glucose, carbohydrates, which, as we know, is linked to aging, but also via mitochondria via a process called oxidative phosphorylation, and that process is not necessarily depending on glucose, but is depending on an efficient mitochondrial function. So, we talked about NAD-dependent enzyme. Many of these enzymes reside in the mitochondria. And we found that, for example, the NAD supplementation that is being tested in a variety of aging model requires sirtuin-3 quite often, this mitochondrial sirtuin, yes. Rhonda: Oh, really? Nicotinamide riboside? Dr. Verdin: Yes, for example, the paper we’ve published was focused on the age-associated or noise-induced loss of hearing. So, if you actually subject mice or humans to very acute noise, they have a dose-dependent loss of hearing. You can protect the mice completely from this effect by supplementing with NAD. Dr. Verdin: But with nicotinamide riboside, so if you’re going to a rock concert… Rhonda: Right, musicians. Dr. Verdin: …and you wanna protect yourself, this is definitely something that… Rhonda: Harley-Davidson riders. In mice, it actually had an enormous effect, and we found that this effect was dependent on sirtuin-3, so in sirtuin-3 knockout mice, the effect was lost. Rhonda: Do you know if that was dependent on sirtuin-3 in the mitochondria of stem cells, or was it just any cell, or do not know? Dr. Verdin: So, in the case of hearing loss, it’s dependent on some really uniquely sensitive cells in the inner ear. But, generally, there’s been sort of an assumption in the field that most of the effect of nicotinamide ribosides, protective effect, are dependent on sirtuin-1. I think in… And, in some case, it is. In this particular case, noise-induced hearing loss, it was really clearly sirtuin-3. Rhonda: So, even the studies that have looked at, for example, I think there was a mouse, had some sort of mitochondrial disorder, even that one was dependent on sirtuin-1? Dr. Verdin: No, actually it did not. In that case, I think the assumption was that it might be helping global mitochondrial function. And so there’s a growing number of cases and, for example, DNA-damage-associated disease where you see accelerated aging where people have been testing the effects of supplementation, because those conditions are associated with decreased PARP activity, just like you mentioned. And, in those cases, I think it hasn’t always been clearly mapped what is the real target of NAD that is dependent for the beneficial effect. Rhonda: So, NAD levels do decrease with age. Has it been looked at, like, for example, in animals, like in rodents, when they’re fasted, because fasting increases NAD when they’re fasting and they’re older? Does that help rejuvenate the NAD irrespective of their age? Does it… Dr. Verdin: I don’t know. I don’t know the answer to that question. It’s a great question. I think, you know, one thing that I remember also about fasting and other critical effect of fasting that is really essential in our thinking is autophagy, and so, you know, there’s growing evidence also that autophagy by itself responds to nutrient availability, so NAD levels, acetyl-CoA levels. This is a new area that people are starting to work in, including my labs, trying to understand what is it about acetyl-CoA, which is another, think about, currency exchanger in the cells, intermediary metabolite that appears to have not only a role as a nutrient, but also as a signaling molecule. Acetyl-CoA is in the Krebs cycle. It’s one of the key intermediary product of the Krebs cycle, but it’s also the substrate for a whole family of enzymes called the acetyltransferases, which are the opposite of what we were talking about, the HDACs, earlier. So, I think there’s really a lot of crosstalk between all of these pathways, and we’re working very actively now on modulation of signaling the acetyl-CoA and these acetyltransferases. Another approach is to mimic calorie restriction in the fasting stage. I had Dr. Guido Kroemer on the podcast, and he has been studying that as well. You know, it brings up a question I remember I wanted to ask you that was sort of, you know, biology is never just black and white, because I remember him, with his work, he was talking about how important decreasing protein acetylation was for activating autophagy, which happens during fasting, but also, during fasting, you have these beta-hydroxybutyrate, which is now…was it class 2 inhibitor? Dr. Verdin: Class 1. Rhonda: Class 1 inhibitor of the histone deacetylase, which is kind of the opposite, a little… Dr. Verdin: No, because you have to think, so beta-hydroxybutyrate is one step above the sirtuins, and actually the class 1 inhibitors are inhibitors of… Rhonda: Oh, they’re inhibitors. That makes sense. And so it fits perfectly if you go back to the… Rhonda: So class 1 is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase. That makes sense now. Okay. Rhonda: Thank you. There was a disconnect in my brain when I find to… Dr. Verdin: So, the whole idea of… If you think about acetyl-CoA, and we really draw a graph of acetyl-CoA regulating HATs, histone acetyltransferase, and NAD+ regulating the sirtuins, and these enzymes quite often stay in opposition, not all of them. But one of the key players in terms of histone acetyltransferase is p300, and that’s the one we’ve worked on and Guido Kroemer as well has worked on, and it makes sense. You get the same beneficial effects by activating your sirtuins, which lowers acetylation, as you do by inhibiting an acetyltransferase, which also lowers acetylation. So, the message is that nutrient feeding or, you know, low histone acetyltransferase activity or high sirtuin activity all lead to low protein acetylation, which is beneficial. Rhonda: And doing the ketogenic diet? Dr. Verdin: Regulates one step above. Rhonda: Does also, yeah. Dr. Verdin: But, obviously, there’s some complexity, because there are some histone marks that are depending on one enzyme. So, this is an oversimplified model, but so far it holds. Rhonda: What about autophagy with the ketogenic diet? Is that something… I mean, I don’t know if it would be… Dr. Verdin: It would be activated, because clearly it’s a fasting mimicking diet, but we haven’t really studied it directly. That would be interesting to look at. Also, the other question I would have is, you know, there’s a lot of stress on the liver when you’re doing that sort of diet, right? You’re relying on it for gluconeogenesis to make glucose. You’re oxidizing fat. Has anyone looked at sort of long-term ketogenic diets? We did. The liver seemed perfectly fine. Just imagine the liver is really…think about it as sort of an energy redistributor. If it’s not dealing with fat during fasting and transforming fat into ketone bodies, it is dealing with food coming in from the intestine during feeding. So, it’s always busy in one way or the other. So, I don’t think that there’s anything to be worried about it generating ketosis. I haven’t heard of any side effects linked to, you know, liver function and so on. Rhonda: The other thing would be at least with mice. In your study, you did cyclic. In the parallel study, they did, I guess, continuous, but they restricted the calories, but, you know, mice sort of, and this is something that goes back to something that Guido was talking about in the podcast, they have a notoriously fast metabolism. In fact, he said that, if you fast a mouse for 48 hours, they can lose, like, up to 20% of their body weight, which is, like, phenomenal. I mean, if human could do that, there’d be no obesity, you know. So, do you think that the fast metabolism, you know, coupled with something like the ketogenic diet or even just a lot of the fasting studies in general, is something that can… Like, if we see something like an increase in healthspan, and we see all these positive benefits in rodents, is that something that we may have hope in translating to humans, you think? Dr. Verdin: I do think, I mean, it’s important to realize that mice are not humans and that there’s a tall order in terms of proving something that has happened in mice all the way to humans, but that’s our mission. I mean, that’s what we need to do. Rhonda: And you have mechanisms. Dr. Verdin: And we have mechanisms. That’s the first step. It’s not always predictive, and a large number of drugs that have been shown to be efficient in mice have failed into humans, but that’s the first step that we can take. From our work, I think the next logical step is to go in humans and test. Rhonda: Is a ketogenic diet something that you’ve considered trying or doing? Dr. Verdin: I have tried. I have tried, and I’ve been on it for about a year. It’s hard to stay on. I called it a somewhat antisocial diet, because you can’t really drink alcohol, you can’t eat a lot of the things that we base, you know, our social interactions on. No breads, no pasta, and very little fruits. I think it’s… Rhonda: What about vegetables? Dr. Verdin: You can eat some vegetables, but, you know, depending which ones. On a global population basis, it’s not a realistic goal to expect that everyone is going to be on this ketogenic diet. Rhonda: Are you gonna continue doing it or… Dr. Verdin: No, I’m not on it right now. And I think I find that intermittent fasting is a much easier way to… Rhonda: Is that something you practice? Not right now, but I have intermittently. Rhonda: So, intermittent fasting, like 12 hours, 16 hours, or 24 hours? Dr. Verdin: Well, it’s still a growing question. There’s really interesting work coming out of the Salk Institute on something called time-restricted eating, time-restricted feeding, showing that it’s not just how much you eat or whether you’re eating carbohydrates, but it’s also how often you eat and allowing your everyday for a fasting period. I think that’s probably some of the most important work that we’ve seen recently in this whole field. And, you know, just think about what dietary authorities today are recommending, is three meals and three snacks. I think, based on what we are doing and learning, this is the worst possible way that you can possibly eat. So, I think allowing for each day to have this really restriction in terms of calorie intake allows you to activate all these pathways to suppress in certain secretion, to suppress store, to activate autophagy. All of these, I think, are really critical. In complete agreement with you. I’ve talked to Dr. Satchin Panda a couple of times on the podcast, a phenomenal researcher, and I’ve been doing time-restricted eating ever since I first spoke with him. Of course, when I was pregnant, I sort of couldn’t of do it as well, but I’m back doing it now, and, you know, I do feel much better when I do it. You know, I try to eat all of my food within a 10-hour window, and I find that that’s the best… Dr. Verdin: Fourteen hours is… Rhonda: Fourteen hours fasting. You know, I think maybe you can answer this question for me about, you know, it takes anywhere between, like, 12 to 36 hours to deplete your liver glycogen or something like Dr. Verdin: Actually, it could be faster. Well, instead, from four to six hours, you actually deplete most of it, yes. Rhonda: Did it depend on your physical activity levels or things like that? Dr. Verdin: Yeah, obviously. Physical exercise will deplete it much more quickly. In terms of entering ketosis, if you were to do it 14 hours, it’s not enough to really gain significant ketosis. You start seeing this at about 16 hours where your level will slowly rise. So, doing a 14-hour fast every night is something that I at least try to practice. Dr. Verdin: Yes, no nightcap. Rhonda: I think that’s the easiest. Yeah, no nightcap. Dr. Verdin: No nightcap, no, you know, glass of milk with a spoon of sugar going to bed. Rhonda: No wine. But, you get used to it. Dr. Verdin: Yes, absolutely. Rhonda: You know, you really do. And, you know, like I said, I think it’s the easiest. I haven’t really done a prolonged fast yet. I’ve spoken with Dr. Valter Longo, and, you know, he was talking about the prolonged fast in humans. Like, in mice, I think it’s like 48 hours, but in humans it’s a little like 4 or 5 days. Yeah, and so he has got this fasting-mimicking diet which sort of mimics some of the effects of fasting. I know several people that have done water fast. I haven’t braved it yet. Have you tried doing a prolonged fast? Dr. Verdin: Well, I’ve done, you know, Dr. Longo’s diet, the prolon diet. How was that? Dr. Verdin: I think it’s a really interesting science. What I like about it is the fact that it really takes this fasting to a scientific level. They’re doing the work. Going on this five-day diet is actually a really interesting experience, because it’s not hard. Maybe on day three it might be a little hard. But one key question that has not been addressed is, if you induce this protective response, how long does it last? And so how often should you do this? Is it something you should do, you know, every three months, or every once a month, or actually once every six months. I think this is the type of information that will allow many of us to really, you know, do the intervention when it’s needed, and I think it’s going to be a lot of research in this whole area that I’m very excited about. It probably depends also on do you do time-restricted eating every day, and so what you're sort of baseline is, are you, like, obese, or overweight, or metabolically healthy. But, I agree with you. I think it’s an extremely exciting field, and being here at the Buck Institute, you know, for Research on Aging, you’re sort of at the forefront of it all. And then, like you said, there are so many different aspects of the aging biology that’s being researched here. If people wanna learn more about your work and the Buck… Dr. Verdin: Yes, so we were the first research institute devoted to aging. We were founded in 1998, and we have about 220 employees, all focused on aging. And we take great pride in the fact that we started the most simple model, yeast, we go to C. elegans, a nematode, we go to fruit flies, mice, and humans now. And one of the thing that really excites me about the Buck is the fact that we have built this incredible body of knowledge over the last 20 years in terms of the basic biology of aging, and I think the field has moved to the point that we’re really ready to start translating all of these into humans. All of us are seeing, you know, the incredible interest from pharma and venture capital in terms of investing in the aging space. And I think, you know, we’re really well-positioned to be riding that next wave which is going to be bringing all of these incredible discoveries into humans. And so stay tuned. Rhonda: I’m certainly gonna stay tuned. Thank you so much for taking time to speak with me today. Dr. Verdin: My pleasure, my pleasure. It was great.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jannaronda3842 [1 likes]: I am grateful to see these two experts of sciences
  2. @70athens [1 likes]: @foundmyfitness amazing presentation
perfect setting (clear audio)                                                  and the text boxes and graphs take it to a different level 
i have seen you on an interview with Dr. Attia, but half of the interview was too advanced and LONG (him talking to hear himself), this format is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING                                                                     subscribed and i will start watching all your vids                               Thank you
  3. @lastdayspropheciesunsealed122 [1 likes]: A ketogenic diet (animal products) contains 'choline' which prevents Alzheimer's by preventing shrinkage of the brain as age increases! This is why the mice retained their memory!. . . .
  4. @marcusmatthews8255: He says lower carbs lead to longer life - which including reducing fruits and high carb whole foods like some veggies.

he didn’t say NO carbs.  So just eat a little bit healthy carbs and lots of meats and fats
  5. @alexi2460: Some of his info comrs from Dr. Panda in So California
  6. @am-xk3xs: Any info on long term use of beta hydroxybuterate taken with acv?
  7. @am-xk3xs: Beautiful interview!
  8. @sampsonotisstantonshaw3636: Thanks ❤️
  9. @christ-is-hope: Can you please clarify the high-fat diets inhibiting NAD salvaging? (Comment by Dr. Verdin at 37:30). Wouldn't that be a mechanism that makes keto reduce healthspan? 

Says also in the chart that a high-fat diet promotes inflammation. How can then keto be healthy? Or how can limiting carbs and protein be healthy then, as it means you have to get your energy from fat? I would really like to have a comment on this contradiction.
  10. @webber977: Children's diet today means that many of them won't reach 40, 104 my ass
  11. @linda7279: Pretty broad, consider most of these children are started out on McDonald's French fries and cola.  Not to mention no sunlight or exercise in these woke school institutions! They will have to become at least be smart enough to educate themselves once out from in front of the main stream media 🤷‍♀️
  12. @4406bbldb: I’m born in 47 and I’ll be 76 next week. I really vary healthy and I just noticed the average age of someone born in 47 is 68 I think the list(wicky) . I’m younger today than I was 5 years ago. I really plan out lasting the expectations. I do no sugar ect but I really like to fast 1-4 days every so often,no schedule. This is a great video.
  13. @doddsalfa: Lol this guy is totally clueless
  14. @BalkanHorizons: Fast metabolism means early death people on this earth except chosen few do not understand metabolism
  15. @elec3calengr: Any update based on new research?
  16. @luckssj: Have you looked at NMN to help at hearing loss and does NMN work at SIRT 1 or 3?
  17. @nerp.s: Who in their right mind wants to live for 104 years??? No, thank you.
  18. @gregl2249: He gave the best explanation of Keto and the use of the liver I’ve ever heard now it makes sense why I lost muscle
  19. @realhealthrealwealth: KETO now Carnivore, so easy no longer addicted to sugar (crack), pig pHARMa drug pushers and or pig corpses boxed, canned, bagged...
blah blah blah blah blah blah...REAL Freedom.
  20. @HAL9000_ICantDoThat: I see the key benefits of keto like a car. Your body is the engine and if you run it 24/7 I.e. constantly digesting food & food that can be  hard to digest then the engine will run up a lot more damage.

If your engine is allowed to turn off and return to a state of equilibrium then it will last longer. Simples!

I do not always reach keto but I consistently fast and find the improvements from cognitive and physical to be quite profound.

- Dr. John Ramsey - Ketogenic Diets and Aging: Kind: captions Language: en - Right, well, I'd like to thank the organizers for inviting me, and for Steve for inviting me to talk here. I'd like to begin my presentation, with what's usually at the end, a little bit of acknowledgments. Although I'm giving this talk, a lot of this work was done with Jose Alberto, who was a post doc in my lab at the time, and kind of spearheaded a lot of our ketogenic diet studies, and also Megan and Zeyu, who are graduate students, and Jennifer and Trina, who are scientists working with our Mouse Metabolic Phenotyping Center, and helped us with a lot of this work. My goals for today's talk really are to give a little bit of background on how I became interested in ketogenic diets, and, along with that, talk a little bit about ketone signaling, some of the work that Eric Verdin was gonna talk about, just introduce it a little bit, because Eric and I have kind of overlapped. I was familiar with Eric's work, and some of Eric's work with ketone signaling, and that helped shape some of our ideas on, that there might be some cellular mechanisms beyond just utilization of ketones as a fuel, that might affect aging. I wanna start with that, and then give a little bit of an overview of, and summary of, our studies in animals with ketogenic diets and aging, and then finally, end with some areas that I think are key points, or areas that need to be addressed to get a fuller understanding of how ketogenic diets might affect aging, and potential steps to move forward with these diets. I became interested in ketogenic diets through studying calorie restriction. Calorie restriction has been kind of the gold standard for aging research. It's an intervention that, for over 100 years, has been known to increase lifespan in laboratory rodents, and has been shown to increase lifespan in a wide range of animals from yeast, up to dogs, and, potentially, monkeys. I became interested in calorie restriction work over 20 years ago. At first, it was an interest in trying to understand when animals or humans go on weight loss diets, the energetic adaptations and metabolic adaptations that tend to work against maintaining weight loss. Then I was introduced to calorie restriction, as it relates to aging, when I began post-doctoral work with Rick Weindruch. Part of the question then was, are some of these adaptations that occur with weight loss, that potentially occur with weight loss, also important for aging? My original interest was trying to look at whether these energetic adaptations might be influencing the increase in lifespan with calorie restriction. Also, around 2000, Kevork Hagopian was a scientist working in my lab, and he is a excellent biochemist, who was very interested in intermediary metabolism. One of the questions that he was looking at is, when animals go on calorie restriction, after they've lost weight and become weight stable, are there still metabolic changes that occur with them? He was looking at all the major pathways of intermediary metabolism, and published a series of papers. These are data from one of the papers, looking at glycolysis and regulatory enzymes of that, like glucokinase, phosphofructokinase, pyruvate kinase. What he was seeing was, with both relatively short-term calorie restriction and very long-term calorie restriction in older animals, that these animals, they didn't return to levels of these enzymes, or activities similar to control animals. There was some level of adaptation, or some difference that persisted with them. This decreased capacity for glycolysis in these animals. This was a slide that he prepared, that was kind of summarizing just some of his work, and this idea that the metabolic pathways within these calorie-restricted animals were shifted in a way that they were kind of poised to use fatty acids and ketones as a fuel source, and had a decreased capacity for using glucose. That had been one of the questions that we had had is, are these metabolic changes important, and are they something that may be influencing aging in these animals? In particular, when looking at ketones, we were interested in the ketogenesis pathway in liver, and this idea that this pathway is changed with calorie restriction, and kind of chronically up-regulated, and then producing the primary ketones, acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyrate, which are interconvertible through beta-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase. That was one of the questions: Is it the shift in metabolism, or is it possible that it's some components of that shift in metabolism, and particularly ketones, that might be playing some role in aging and changes we're seeing with calorie restriction? This is also some of Kevork's work. This is just looking within liver. These were calorie-restricted rats that were started on the diet at six months of age. What we had seen in those animals is that there was a chronic increase in total ketone, acetoacetate, and beta-hydroxybutyrate levels in liver within these animals, from both short term calorie restriction, all the way out to long term calorie restriction. Along with that, we'd been doing, in addition to the biochemical work, had been doing a lot of work with indirect respiration, calorimetry, and primarily looking at energetic adaptations to calorie restriction. At the time, we were also getting respiratory exchange ratio data, and for those of you who aren't familiar with indirect respiration calorimetry, the respiratory exchange ratio gives you information about substrate oxidation. Values down at 0.7 are utilization of lipids as a fuel source, one, carbohydrates above one are lipogenesis from carbohydrates. Although we had seen this data, it kind of changed our focus. This paper that had come out from Marc Hellerstein's group, that was looking at calorie-restricted animals and saying, these animals typically consume very high-carbohydrate meals, 60% of calories from carbohydrate, and yet what they do, the typical way of feeding these animals, they're given one meal, they eat it rapidly, they convert much of that carbohydrate through lipogenesis into lipid, and rely heavily on lipid as a fuel. That was the purpose of his paper. We were thinking about that. We were thinking, yes, and they also become ptotic. Are all these changes important? This kind of finalized these questions: Is the shift in metabolism towards lipids, is increases in ketones, are those important? And if you could achieve this without weight loss, these shifts in metabolism, could you have an impact on aging? One of the things that helped with this was this idea, around this time, with aging, this interest in potential mechanisms through which ketones could potentially, or shifts in metabolism could impact aging. One of the things was, during this time we had learned a lot more about energy-sensing pathways. These are thought to play a very important role in aging, and the functions of calorie restriction, and potentially ketogenic diets. In particular, with aging, there has been a lot of interest in mTOR pathway, and so rapamycin, an inhibitor of that, is one of the interventions. The first intervention, from NIA's Aging Interventions and Testing Program, has been shown to change aging. There's also interest in metformin, and effects on AMP kinase. Part of the idea was that ketogenic diets produce many of these same changes that you see with calorie restriction, and so they might be working through some of these energy-sensing pathways, and inducing changes in metabolism that can affect aging. The other thing which made us kind of zero on a little bit on ketones, was this idea that there was all this emerging information that ketones were actually signaling molecules, that they were doing something more than just serving as a fuel source that was being shuttled from the liver to the rest of the body for use as fuel. Now we know that there's a number of functions that ketones can do, and that these give potential mechanisms through which they could be changing gene transcription, and changing function of proteins, and potentially affecting aging. One of the things that had been noticed is that there's two cell surface receptors that ketones are ligands for these receptors: the first HCAR2 receptor, or the niacin receptor. There's been a lot of interest in the effects that ketones may have on this, and effects on decreasing lipolysis and adipocytes, effects on inflammation, DAT integrity. That's one option, is that ketones could be having effects through that. The other is through the free fatty acid receptor 3. Originally, thoughts were that it was primarily an antagonist, or inhibitor for this receptor, and that that might be part of the adaptation to starvation or calorie restriction, things that help decrease sympathetic tone through that way. There has been some recent data, though, that suggests that this isn't always the case, and that it may actually stimulate this receptor, at least under certain circumstances, so there's a lot of interest in this receptor-mediated possible functions of ketones that are going on now. One of the other things that we saw, and this is data from Eric Verdin's paper, is that Eric was doing some work with ketones, and looking at histone acetylation. He published this really important paper in Science in 2013. Part of it was this idea that beta-hydroxybutyrate itself was affecting histone acetylation, and histones are proteins that then influence gene transcription. This was providing a way that histones, that beta-hydroxybutyrate and ketone bodies could be producing changes in gene transcription, and also providing a potential mechanism that they could influence physiological function and aging. One of the interesting things with this paper was that he was noticing that they were seeing changes under physiological conditions. For example, under fasting, he was looking at acetylation at two different lysines, nine and 14, and histones, and seeing increase of fasting, and also an increase in calorie restriction in rodents. This fit with this idea that there could be something going on when you have this shift in metabolism that's beyond just a change in energy utilization, but could be affecting pathways that can affect the function of the cell. This has been the general idea with beta-hydroxybutyrate at this time, that it's a histone deacetylase inhibitor, and so beta-hydroxybutyrate can go in, and in particular inhibit class one histone deacetylases, and in this way change acetylation of these histones, which in turn affect gene transcription. In particular, HDAC1 and 3, there's convincing evidence for changes for beta-hydroxybutyrate, inhibiting those. There is also some evidence of effects on, possibly, class IIa, at least on HDAC. Some of the important genes that we're just beginning to understand, some of the genes that might be changed by this process, but there is a few: FOXO3a, brain drive, neurotropic factor, FTF-21, PGC1-alpha. These are all genes that have been talked about for potential roles that they may play in aging. It's very nice, then, to see that, under this case, may be modulating the expression of these genes. One of the final things with signaling functions, or functions of beta-hydroxybutyrate, is how it's affecting post-translational modifications of proteins. One of the ideas that, as beta-hydroxybutyrate is metabolized, that it forms acetyl-CoA, and this acetyl-CoA can be a substrate for protein acetylation. We now know that virtually all of the proteins in the mitochondrial intermediary metabolism are acetylated. Many of the important proteins with metabolism undergo acetylation. We don't entirely know what that does to most proteins, but there's thoughts that it may be regulatory in the way that phosphorylation-dephosphorylation can be. The other thing is that when beta-hydroxybutyrate is metabolized, it consumes succinate, and so there's been some speculation that it may decrease protein succinylation, which is another regulatory step. Finally, some of the more recent data has also suggested that can attach to proteins, and in that way can potentially change the function of some of these proteins. There's all these exciting areas now on ways that ketone bodies and beta-hydroxybutyrate can affect metabolism, beyond just serving as a fuel itself. That led us to the key question of, does a ketogenic diet have an effect on aging? At the time when we were considering this, there was a fair amount of work that was suggesting that high-fat diets have a negative effect on aging, primarily because of weight gain. There wasn't a lot of studies, or we couldn't really see studies with really long-term ketogenic diets, or even studies that were using high-fat diets that were fed in ways to restrict intake or prevent obesity. We thought these type of studies needed to be completed, and that it was time to take a look at these types of diets, and see if shifts in metabolism through diet could have an impact on aging. When we were considering these studies, we had a few goals for the diets. When sitting down with Jose Alberto, we said, one, we wanna start the diets in middle age. We wanna use middle-aged animals, a time when many humans would make a diet change. The other thing is, we didn't want the diets to cause weight gain. There was already plenty of data out there about effects of different diet, and especially high-fat diets with obesity. We didn't want that component. We also didn't want the animals to lose weight. We weren't trying to do another way of studying severe calorie restriction. We also wanted to devise a couple of diets. One that would induce an increase in fatty acid oxidation, but not cause continuous ketosis, because we were still very interested in, is it important just to shift towards fatty acid oxidation, and the ketones aren't necessarily important? The other diet that we wanted to do was develop a diet that produced animals that were in sustained ketosis. That was our goal, was basically to take a diet, take middle-aged animal, feed them in a way that we basically maintain that middle-aged body weight through the rest of their life. When considering diets, there's many different ways that we could have gone. I think this is an important area, when we're looking at these, whether we're talking about human studies or animal studies, is that just saying something is a low-carbohydrate diet, or even, sometimes, a ketogenic diet, these can be a range of different diets. They could have different types of effects. We had to carefully consider what type of diet we were gonna use. For our control diet, we decided to use just a standard, semi-purified diet that we had experience, and others had experience with life span studies. We had a control where we knew that we could get reasonably long life spans with animals. Our control diet was just AIN-93G diet. In this case, a little over 60% of calories from carbohydrate, roughly 20% of calories from both protein and fat. We used the same ingredients, and then just manipulated the diets for low-carb. We had 10% of calories coming from carbohydrate, and this was enough that these animals weren't ketotic. In our ketogenic diet, 90% of calories came from fats, and 10% from protein. The animals were fed 11.2 kcals per day. This was an amount that we had to adjust, just to make sure that the animals maintained middle-aged body weight. For our study, we had a couple of goals. One was the question on, what effect do these diets have on life span? We had a group who, that was their whole goal, was to measure age of death, and at death, to be able to do a histopathology, and look at cause of death. The other component were our cross-sectional cohorts, which I think, in aging research, this is an area that's become critically important. In the past, one of the gold standards was, could you find an intervention that increased life span? Now, there's a lot more interest in saying, not can we increase life span, but along with that, can we increase measures that show that health is being improved? That you're creating an older animal that's healthy, not just that you're extending life span, and along with it, potentially increasing time at which an animals is impaired, or experiencing age-related disease. We had two cross-sectional groups. One where we were looking at just short-term acute time on the diet in middle age, and then the others, where we were looking at older animals, at 26 months of age. We had a number of different goals within these studies, and one of the first was, did we achieve what we were looking to do? One of them: Why were we getting these dramatic shifts in substrate oxidation. The other question that we were having with these diets is, a lot of people assumed, with these high fats, that we were gonna get negative impacts on body composition, and so we wanted to take a look and see what really happens, in these older animals, to body composition. The first, using indirect respiration calorimetry to look at substrate oxidation. Again, a value of 0.7 is almost-complete reliance on lipid as a fuel, or lipid and ketones, values of one are carbohydrates. What we saw was, with our ketogenic diet, that the animals basically just maintained metabolizing ketones and fatty acids. It was almost a flat line. Our low carb was intermediate to that. When you fed them, they had some spike, which would show an increase in utilization of the carbohydrates and some of the protein, and then they rapidly then went back down to fat. Our control did, as you'd expect, they ate big meals, they mostly relied on carbohydrates, they had some level of lipogenesis that was occurring after that. After they had consumed all of their food, they went to using fatty acids as a fuel. We also achieved our goal of looking at continuous ketosis. The ketogenic diet, even after a meal they maintained ketosis, and were significantly higher than the other two groups. As far as body composition, what we saw was, with fat mass, that there was no differences between the ketogenic diet group and the control group. Our low carbohydrate group was significantly heavier We don't entirely know why. We have some guesses as to why that may have occurred, but because of that, they had significantly-increased fat mass. When we look at lean mass, the ketogenic diet animals were able to maintain their lean mass throughout the aging. What we saw is, that the low-carbohydrate group had a higher lean body mass, they were also bigger animals. The control group, their lean mass went up at very late life, and so there was a significant difference between the ketogenic group and the other groups. One thing that we wanted to take into consideration is that some of these lean body mass changes in these animals, because this is including all of lean body mass, including internal organs, that some of these changes aren't desirable. Some of the increases in lean body mass that may occur under these cases may be internal organ changes that are reflecting some level of pathology. When looking, particularly, at skeletal muscle, and this is skeletal muscle adjusted for body weight, what we saw in the 26 month, or the old ketogenic animals, is that they'd maintained lean body mass, and compared to the other groups they had comparable or greater amounts of the major skeletal muscle within the high LIM. The next big question that we were faced with had to do with life span. That was what most people were asking: What effect were these diets gonna have? We had colleagues who were making all kinds of suggestions. Many of them thought that this was gonna be a relatively short experiment. We were quite interested in seeing how this would play out. These are the life span curves. There was a significant difference, where there was an increase in life span in the ketogenic, compared to the control, using logrank tests. There was about a 13.6% increase in median life span in the ketogenic diet group. The low carbohydrate group was a little bit interesting, 'cause it was kind of intermittent to the other two diet groups. It straddled between the two, and wasn't significant different from either the control or the ketogenic. One of the things was that, when these animals died, was do a necropsy and histology on them. One of the most striking things about these were changes in tumors. There were some other pathology changes that were observed, but one of the things with mice, and particularly C57 black six, which we used for these studies, is that the primary cause of death in these animals are due to tumors, and in particular histiocytic sarcomas. About 50% to 60% of these animals typically will die of cancer, and particularly histiocytic sarcomas. One of the things that was noticeable on necropsy with the ketogenic diet was how few of them had tumors, or had visible tumors that could be detected. The first slide is just showing total tumors. This includes both sarcomas, but it could include, also, adenomas. We also had some mast cell tumors, and a few other different kinds. This is also including tumors that weren't likely cause of death, and may have not contributed major pathology, but just looking at total, and in this case some animals could have had more than one. The ketogenic diet was lower than the others, and for the major type of cancer within this type of mouse, we had one out of 10 ketogenic animals that showed that tumor. It was striking, because the other groups all kind of hit the pattern that you would expect for this type of mouse. That was one of the pathology changes that was very clear with animals on this diet. The next things that we really were interested in, we thought it was very interesting that there were changes in life span, but the bigger question now that was coming out were, were these animals healthy? Were we getting increases in life span? What we'd wanted to do was try to take a number of different measures of health in these animals, and try to get kind of a broad assessment of how these animals were doing, and at the same time, though, not trying to overdo what we were exposing these animals to. we wanted to look at was effects on cognition. The test that we used for that was novel object test. What the novel object test does for mice is, it's basically, it recognizes normal behavior in a mouse, that if you put a mouse into a new environment and then give it a couple of objects, it'll explore those objects. The test is that, if you take that mouse out of that environment, put it back in, and change one of the objects, is the animal gonna be able to remember that the object is changed. If it does, the natural tendency for the mouse is to spend a little bit more time exploring the new object. That's what this test was focused on. This is a test that has clearly been shown that memory decreases in mice with age, and that's what we saw in this case, that with the low-carbohydrate diet there was a significant difference. There was a strong trend towards a decrease in performance in this test, also in the control group. No age-related change in the ketogenic diet group, and the ketogenic diet group did significantly better than both the control and the low carb in this test, In these older animals, at least with this test, evidence of increased memory performance in these animals. These are areas where we're expanding these tests now, and looking at other different regions within the brain, and using more tests to look at effects on late life, on memory. The other is, we had a series of tests that we wanted to look at motor function and muscle strength. One of the typical muscle strength studies that's done with mice is grip strength. It's basically just taking a force meter that has a bar attached to it. The mouse grabs a hold of the bar, and then the mouse is pulled until it releases the bar, so an evidence of ability to strength to be able to hold onto the bar. there was one change that occurred in middle age, with low carb, compared to the control diet. The control diet, there was, as expected, an age-related decrease in muscle strength. The ketogenic diet group had significantly better performance in this measure of muscle strength, compared to both the low carb and the control group. Another test that is done is hanging wire test, which is a measure of both muscle strength and endurance. Essentially, what it is, is a wire is placed, the mouse is put onto the wire, and its ability of mouse to support its weight for a period of time, in this case a three-minute test. As you noticed, in middle-aged animals they all did great. They basically all completed the full amount of test. This is one of the tests where we saw the most striking changes with age. With advanced age, in both the control and the low-carbohydrate diet, there was a dramatic decrease in performance in this test. Whereas, with the ketogenic diet, we didn't have a significant decrease in the performance from middle age, and they did significantly better the low-carbohydrate group. Another test that we looked at is called the rearing test. This is one where animals are placed in a clear cylinder, in an environment, and it's based on normal mouse behavior to want to explore, and along with that, to kind of move along the cylinder, and be able to rear up on their hind limbs as part of exploration. What we saw, again, with this, this measures both a willingness to explore, but also the coordination to be able to rear up on their hind limbs. In this case, there was also a trend towards an age-related decrease in the control group, and in this case, the ketogenic group did better than the controls Then, one of the final physical performance tests that we did, or that I'm gonna show you today, is something called the locatronic ladder test. What this is, is basically a coordination test. It takes a mouse that's in a brightly-lit area. There's a ladder that separates that from a darker area where the animal wants to move. It basically measures the ability of the animal to run across that ladder and get to this darker area where it wants to go. The faster that an animal can complete this task, the better. all animals performed similarly well in middle age. there was increase in this performance with the control group, and that the ketogenic diet did significantly better than the control, and that they were able to complete this task in a faster amount of time, shorter amount of time. In addition to those measures of physical performance, there were a number of other tests that we wanted to complete, just to give an overall idea about health in these animals. One of them is, particularly with aging, is inflammation. There's not doubt, with advanced age in animals, you see increase in markers of inflammation. There also tends to be an increase in variability in inflammation, which reflects changes in pathology within the animals. What we wanted to do was select a series of The three that we selected were ones for which there had been quite a bit of evidence that these change in mice in response to different interventions. We tested those. In middle age, we didn't really have evidence of increased inflammation in any of the animals, and the diets behaved similarly. At 26 months of age, we saw, as been reported in the literature, that there were age-related increases, at least in TNF-alpha and CXCL1, in the control animals. No significant age-related increases in the ketogenic diet animals. The other thing with ketogenic diet animals that we noticed is we just didn't see the variability that we typically see with aging in other animals, so much tighter data. The next thing that we had a lot of questions about was what was gonna happen to serum markers of lipid metabolism within these animals. These are data from 26 months of age. What we saw was, really, no significant differences. The groups all behaved pretty similarly. The only difference was, really, with free fatty acids, and that the low-carbohydrate group had higher amounts than the other groups, but the ketogenic diet had similar values, and if anything, maybe a trend towards higher HDL cholesterol than the other groups. The final area where we haven't really done that much, and at meetings, where I get a lot of questions are about insulin signaling, and particularly looking more within the cell at cellular measures of insulin signaling, and questions about whether we're seeing long-term changes in these animals. We haven't done the cellular work, but what we did was do the general glucose tolerance and insulin tolerance tests. In these, animals are given an IP injection of glucose, or given glucose in insulin for the insulin tolerance test. What we saw is, after these animals had been long term on ketogenic diet animals, they were somewhat glucose intolerant. There was a significant difference in glucose tolerance tests compared to the other groups. The interesting thing was, when we did an insulin tolerance test, these animals had still maintained their ability to respond to insulin. So, our general thought was, the glucose tolerance test effect was just reflecting the fact these animals hadn't seen appreciable amounts of glucose for a long period of time, and were maintaining very low levels of insulin, so they had somewhat impaired ability to respond when given this big glucose bolus, but when given insulin, they still perfectly responded to it. This set up the last part that I wanna talk about in the remaining minutes of this talk. These are some of the key questions that still remain. One of them has to do with mechanism. That's been a lot of the focus. in trying to narrow down mechanism, and to try to determine if you can write a grant and figure out something where, in five years, we can figure out the mechanism for how this works. I'm a little bit skeptical on that, because I think this is a diet that's having massive changes in metabolism, and I think it's multiple mechanisms that are contributing in different tissues. We tried to take a look at a few of the mechanisms that have been proposed. From an aging standpoint, one of the most important ones is this mTOR pathway. This is an important pathway for protein synthesis and growth, and it's an area that's of great interest for aging, because rapamycin, which inhibits this pathway, has been shown to increase life span. We looked at that, and in liver, what we saw was that just phosphorylation of mTOR, there wasn't a significant difference. There was maybe a trend towards ketogenic diet being higher, but if you looked at downstream indicators of mTOR activity, so phosphorylation of 4E-BP1, rpS6, what we saw is a significant decrease with the ketogenic diet, but also a difference that occurred with the low-carbohydrate diet in liver, and also a trend towards a decrease in rpS6. We looked at DDIT4, which is an inhibitor of the mTOR pathway. That was significantly increased in the ketogenic diet. So, we had some evidence that the ketogenic diet is having an effect on mTOR signaling in liver. But this is also a complicated pathway, because we didn't see these same changes in muscle, and there's still some question on which tissues are showing changes in mTOR, and how, exactly, is that affecting response to ketogenic diet? The next thing that we looked at was protein acetylation, and this is one of the most dramatic changes that we see with the ketogenic diet. These are data that we're showing from liver. What we see is this total protein acetylation of lysine in those, a dramatic and significant increase in the ketogenic diet compared to all the other diet groups. When looking at p53, that specific protein, also a dramatic increase When looking at histone, in this case also an increase. Interesting thing here, though, is that we also saw that the low-carbohydrate diet had a significant change, at least in that measure of acetylation. So, this is one area that we are focusing on, that we think is quite important, these changes in protein acetylation with ketogenic diets, and this right now seems to be one of the more striking changes that we see with this diet. The other thing that we were very interested in was mitochondrial content, this idea that, especially in very late life, whether these diets were gonna help maintain mitochondrial mass, and potentially mitochondrial function. This ended up being a lot more complicated than we thought. It very much depends on which tissue you're looking at, and it very much depends on what's being measured. in no case did we see ketogenic diet in old animals, and these are 26-month-old animals, having a uniform increase in every marker of mitochondrial content that we measured. What we would see is that it'd have an increase in some, and in this case, in skeletal muscle, and activities of two of the electron transport chain complexes. We saw that was variable, and we also saw at times, like in this example, that the low-carbohydrate diet sometimes had similar effects. I have a graduate student who's working on this, and it's ended up being a much more complicated experiment than I had wanted. She got a much bigger challenge than I think we both expected. The second really important question has to do with calorie restriction and intermittent fasting in ketones. One of the questions is, does ketogenesis have to be continuous? This is Eric Verdin's paper that came out at the same time as our paper with ketogenic diets. Eric ran into a similar problem that we had. If we tried to feed ketogenic diets ad libitum, the ketogenic diets that we were using, the animals overate them, and they became obese. That didn't meet one of the goals. So, that was part of the reason that we fed amounts to maintain middle-age body weight. Eric saw the same thing with his animals, but his approach to get around that is, he put them on ketogenic diet for a week, put them on a control diet for a week, and so he rotated. His goal for that was to prevent weight gain, so his animals' weight cycled. Despite that, coming on and off ketosis, he did see some positive changes, and particularly increases in memory. I show some of his data from his novel object test that was in his paper. Where I think that's important is that, with calorie restriction, and how I first got into this is, there's usually two different approaches that people use for calorie restriction in animals. There's where the animals are fed every day. Under this case, when the animals eat a meal, they go out of ketosis, and they have a period of several hours, eight to 10 hours, and then their ketone levels go back up. So, they're continually going through this cycle of increased ketosis, where they go into ketosis for periods of 12 hours, maybe a day, or much, and then go out of it. Or there's the calorie-restriction method where they're fed calorie-restricted diets three days out of the week, and they just cycle through a few days out of the week. Part of the question is, if ketones and beta-hydroxybutyrate are playing an important role in the metabolic adaptations and the effects of calorie restriction on aging, it's not doing it through continuous ketosis under this circumstance. That's a big question. Is it that the two things aren't related, and we just kind of lucked into studying ketogenic diets, and that they really aren't playing a role in calorie restriction? Or is there some signaling role that these kind of blips in ketosis are playing I think that's an important question that remains to be addressed. There's two remaining questions that I think are important. One of the most common questions I get with the animal diets are, when people are asking me about making these diets, which fats should I put into a ketogenic diet? I honestly don't know. I mean, I've tested the fats that I've used in my own diet, but I haven't been able to test a range of fats, so I don't really know if there is an optimum fat composition for these diets. I think that still remains to be determined. I think, from an aging standpoint, probably the most important question is the last one. That's, what effect these diets have on age-related disease. We're never gonna be able to complete a life span study in humans using ketogenic diets. We can be able to do those manipulations with animal models, but we can use animal models, and potentially translate that to humans with age-related disease. That's the big question is, which age-related diseases are gonna be responsive to ketogenic diets? When can you start them, as far as in progression of disease? And which approach for delivering the diet is gonna be the most effective? I think those are critically important questions in the area of aging. Then, just to wrap up, what we've seen from our work is, we're convinced now that a ketogenic diet, if it's given in isocaloric amounts, if it's in a situation where animals aren't overweight, that it can increase life span. Also, under same circumstances, this type of diet has an effect to be able to extend physiological function, maintain healthy function in these animals into later life. I think it's critically important, kind of the last, part two, is that level of intake is extremely important in animal studies, and presumably in human studies, too, in how a diet's gonna have its effect. Those two have to be taken into consideration together. With that, I'd like to wrap up, and use that just to acknowledge all the groups that have played an important role in our studies. Keith Barr's lab, and Marita Wallace, they played important role in some of our signaling measurements, and we continue to work with Keith in trying to study the effects of ketogenic diets on signaling. Same with Floss Hodges' group. He does similar work. Gino Cortopassi, who we've done some of the work with mitochondria, and also the team at the Mouse and finally, my collaborator, Jose Villalba at University of Cordoba, who's done a lot of our work, and is somebody that we've talked to a lot with our diet and lipid studies. With that, I'll go ahead and end. Thank you. (audience applauding)

  Top Comments:
  1. @davecruz1876 [32 likes]: I struggled with the keto diet too much, I just felt exhausted. We are supposed to enjoy the food we eat and with keto that's close to impossible. That's why I tried the Agoge diet and it works great.
  2. @tonipuja9913 [25 likes]: Keto is not worth it in my honest opinion. It's risky and difficult to stick with. I recommend the Agoge diet because it's personalized and balanced and most importantly worked great for me.
  3. @ongkybagus530 [10 likes]: I tried all these diets and gave up on all except for one. Only the Agoge diet helped me lose that persistent belly fat.
  4. @DA-uz8qb: I just saw a post from Nick Norwitz, citing a recent study suggesting that ketones selectively bind damaged protein species in the brain. Not only binding these proteins, but aiding in their removal and disposal. Pretty interesting stuff!
  5. @JeffCruel: Now to watch the civilian population present their keto diet results on social media.
  6. @JeffCruel: What’s the golden rule?
  7. @carolinepandian8630: My Herpes virus infection came to an end after using the natural herbs medication I ordered from Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel and I’m very grateful to have come across his YouTube channel.
  8. @maikanoibrahim5565: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  9. @gracegonzalez2077: Stephen Phinney has said that the ketogenic diet is not a calorie restrictive diet...
  10. @agathasitohang8538: Do not get me started on keto. that shit almost killed me... If you want to lose fat, get the Agoge diet if you ask me, it worked great for me
  11. @morningstar9218: I was told by my doctor not to follow the keto diet because it's risky. He said I should eat a balanced diet so I tried the Agoge diet and I'm starting noticing less belly fat really fast.
  12. @virgenbarton8260: Hi there, have you considered Okibetonic Secrets yet? Simply just do a google search search. On there you will find an awesome suggestions about how exactly you can lost crazy amounts of weight. Why don't you give it a shot? maybe it's going to work for you too.
  13. @carterfrank3502: What is Okibetonic Secrets? Does it work? I hear many people burn their fat with this popular weight loss method.
  14. @eliasrichardson7355: What is the best way to lost tons of weight? I read loads of superb reviews on the net about how Okibetonic Secrets can assist you lost lots of weight. Has any one tested out this popular fat burn diet plan?
  15. @caspiandoyle3028: Do anybody know about Okibetonic Secrets? Does it really work? I hear a lot of people lost their fat with this popular weight loss diet plan.
  16. @russellbarbaza2058: Hello there, have you considered Okibetonic Secrets yet? Just simply do a google search. On there you will discover that a great guidelines about how exactly you can lost a ton of weight. Why not give it a chance? perhaps it will work for you too.
  17. @beemahurin9818: Anyone know what is Okibetonic Secrets about? I hear lots of people burn their weight with this popular lose weight method.
  18. @breekelley3221: Do natural popular weight loss methods like Okibetonic Secrets really work and if so, how effective are they? I've heard many awesome things about this popular lose weight method.
  19. @beemahurin9818: Has anyone used the Custokebon Secrets to lost lots of weight? Just do a search engine search. On there you'll discover a great tips about how exactly you can lost tons of weight. Why don't you give it a chance? perhaps it'll work for you too.
  20. @norenedixon5228: It still surprises me, just how lots of people do not know about Custokebon Secrets, despite the fact that a lot of people get great results because of it. Thanks to my buddy who told me about Custokebon Secrets, I've lost a lot of weight by using it without starving myself.

- STUDY: Animal-Based Keto vs Low-Fat Plant-Based (Vegan) Diets for 28 Days. with Kevin Hall.: Kind: captions Language: en-US You know those videos we can't stop watching —&nbsp;I overdosed on butter and eggs, and this is what happened to my body? This is 300 eggs. It's only gonna last me last ten days because I'm going to eat 30 eggs a day for 30 days. One stick of butter. 30 days straight. Every single day. And actually, most of those days I was eating a lot more than one stick of butter. So for the last 30 days, I've been eating eggs and raw milk only. [Sten Ekberg] I'm going to the lab to get my blood drawn, and I'm going to eat 100 eggs in seven days. So my total cholesterol went from 207 to 277. So that is about the same. My LDL went from 136 to 201 and that is also about the same. What if a whole team of scientists were on the job with their fancy instruments to observe and to interpret the results? Even better what if the scientists were able to lock 20 people up for 30 days and put them on the two most controversial diets: low fat vegan and keto? The first question I'd have is what flavor of vegan? There's a very prominent group of scientists and doctors with bestselling books who favor very low fat vegan and a second group who are stirring it up on vegan Twitter saying, Oh, come on, avocados and olive oil never hurt anyone. I don't have a horse in that race, but it does remind me of a favorite T-shirt I own. But I am glad that the scientists who really did lock up 20 people for 30 days chose the lowest fat version of a vegan diet. Because they also chose the highest fat version of a low carb diet: keto. So we had the two extremes of fat head to head. And so we also got zero animal foods against a lot of animal foods. Fascinating. Here's what the meals looked like. The way it worked is each participant had to be locked up at the National Institutes of Health for a month. I sent a draft of this episode to Kevin Hall at NIH for fact checking, and he said, Hey, we don't lock people up. They can end their participation in the study any time they want. We even allow them to walk outside if they're accompanied by a member of the research team. I guess that's to guard against them sneaking off to 7-Eleven to get a Snickers. Snickers satisfies. Anyway, I apologize, Kevin. That was just my crazy sense of humor. Mom always said your sense of humor would get you in trouble. Okay, back to the episode... Eating one diet as much as they wanted to eat for 14 days and then the other diet for 14 more. And they had to be subject to a battery of tests. When 12 year old Caitlyn heard that, she said, What? Who would do that? 30 days stuck in a boring hospital room! When I told her the volunteers got paid $5,200 if they did all the things she said, $5,200?! Wow! Sign me up. I would definitely do that! Since both diets have been promoted for weight loss, this study was focused on how many calories do people eat and how much weight to the gain or they lose when they're able to eat as much as they want on either diet. But they also measured things like blood sugar, insulin and cholesterol, yellow flags for diabetes and heart disease. And I was quite surprised to see how dramatic the differences in blood tests were on each diet after just a few days on each one. This is the paper published in Nature Medicine. AD Libitum is a fancy term that means you can pig out if you want. True confession: I am a scientist and my heroes are great scientists. But I really dislike the language that scientists use. I did a crazy stint at Barnes and Noble and they had me work on the relationship between the bestselling authors of the day: Stephen King. John Grisham, Michael Crichton and Tom Clancy. So I spent hours with their agents. Grisham's agent told me those authors shared a dictionary of 7000 words that consumers all understood the same way. I think there is often a large gap between what scientists think they're saying and what people actually hear. There's actually a great book about that, which you may love to hate, because it's written by political operative Frank Luntz: Words That Work. It's Not What You Say, It's What People Hear. He is the master of focus groups to figure that out. I have never seen a field like nutrition where the language is so unclear, where companies have successfully associated their products with words. For example, I think most people hear meat when scientists say protein, and they associate it with muscles. And they hear all plants, including beans and fruit when someone says carbs. And they associate that word with diabetes. I think of genius marketing from the meat and dairy councils when I hear those associations. [The Rock] Ladies: got to go to work. Thinking I know something about writing, I rolled my eyes when I saw the line that read Weak Effect on Satiation and Satiety and I thought, Oh come on. Is that from the Department of Redundancy Department? Surely those two words are synonyms. But I also believe that to really understand a paper like this, I need to talk to one of the authors. So I dialed up lead author Kevin Hall, and I got a humbling when I asked him about satiety. I don't know what it is about dried jackfruit, but to me it's like a candy bar and I'll just eat handfuls of it. What do you say when people say it's all about satiety per calorie? [Kevin Hall] Now, when you say satiety, I have to push back and say that has a very specific meaning in appetite science. It means like the feeling of fullness between meals that either delays your next meal or makes you eat less at the next meal — as opposed to satiation, which means how much you eat in a given meal. So is your jackfruit example...are you talking about the fact that when you sit down and you have a big pile of jackfruit in front of you, you can't stop eating them? Or are you saying... Yes. Which is satiation. So you're saying satiation per calorie is what you really mean. Oh, I see. That’s fascinating. The ability to stop eating that food and how much you've eaten in a given meal — formally those are different parts of appetite. And then there's hunger, which is how you feel before you start eating. So there's various parts of appetite regulation and control. Uh oh, I just got owned for not being clear about the definition of those two terms. So I paid $150 for this book on satiety. And it opened up a whole new world of things I never knew to help me understand this paper. For example, about the hardness of food. People eat less of a realistic meal with harder textures compared to the same meal with softer textures of the same foods. And subjects did not compensate for the difference in energy intake between the hard and soft lunch later in the day. What? Am I the only one who didn't know that? Practical tip. Higher! Faster! Higher! There were a dozen things in this book like that that I didn't know. How do flavors, smells and the variety of foods on the plate effect satiety? Dramatically, it turns out. You may be asking, why is Chris going off on this tangent? Why doesn't he get on with the results of this paper already? Two reasons: Our professors in grad school used to tell us focus on the papers that really matter. Bring as much knowledge to them as you can. That will mean less time for lesser papers. But it doesn't matter. They're mostly noise anyway. Second, I believe the knowledge of scientists who lead these studies is the most important thing, more important than the type of study, even. I want to know that career scientists who completely understand these influences kept them in mind when designing the study and interpreting the results. I've spent many days of my life studying Kevin's papers and have come to believe he's vastly more knowledgeable than any of the YouTube influencers whose clips I showed. Onto the surprising results. First, the participants rated the meals to be about the same on average in terms of hunger, satisfaction, fullness and eating capacity. Although you can see from the scattered points, there must have been considerable differences of opinion among the participants. Second, the average calorie consumption was considerably higher when on the low carb diet about 550 calories a day. We often hear chatter on the Internet that high fat meals are more satiating. So this may be a surprise to some people. But my $150 satiety book repeatedly lists fat as being the least satiating nutrient behind protein and carbohydrates. I didn't expect to see such a caloric difference between the two diets. Now it decreased in the second week, right? We specifically designed the study to look at the overall effects over two weeks and then the last week separately. And we pre-specified that because we thought that on the low carb diet, it's going to take a little time for ketones to build up in the blood. And we saw that, you know, within three days they go into a state of nutritional ketosis, but after the first week sort of ketone levels in the blood have sort of stabilized. They might be climbing very slightly but non significantly thereafter. So we thought that that second week we would have probably seen the effects of ketones, which people had hypothesized in the past as being a sort of appetite suppressant. We suspected that on the low carb diet that energy intake might decline a little bit on the second week — and it did. But there were still about 550 calories per day higher than the same people on the second week of the low fat diet. But the weight loss was higher during the two weeks on the low carb diet. That did not surprise me because as I've shown in past episodes, nothing beats a low carb diet for quick weight loss. It's a tortoise and the hare story where low carb diets work right away, whereas you can see the low fat diet took almost a week for results to show up and two before it started to close in. But the great advantage to a rigorous study like this, as opposed to lone YouTubers, is you can tell exactly where the weight loss is coming from. In the case of the low fat diet, it was coming from body fat. In the case of the low carb diet, it was coming from muscle and water wieght. You wouldn't know that looking at your scale at home. I had read other rigorous studies comparing a low carb versus Mediterranean diet and there too the low carb diet jumped out to a big lead in weight loss. But they were even after a year and the Mediterranean diet pulled ahead after several years. So why did more people consume more calories on the low carb diet? Kevin coauthored a paper later saying that caloric density of the food and eating rate are factors across four dietary patterns, including keto. In this study, the keto diet had twice the caloric density per gram — and they measured eating rates. 31 calories per minute for low fat versus 42 for keto. One curious observation is that while eating the keto diet resting metabolic rate was 160 calories a day higher. I asked Kevin about that in an email and he said it was probably because of their higher caloric intake. Now for the blood work. I have never seen so many measurements. Do you have time for an eight hour episode? I didn't think so. So we'll just focus on cholesterol and blood sugar. There are a lot of seriously crazy and hard to understand theories about cholesterol on the Internet from people like Sten Ekberg, a chiropractor not involved in heart disease research. This is very personal to me because I've lost way too many friends starting in their late thirties because they didn't know how simple the basics are and how grave the risks are. I'm going to give the very simple explanation, but if you want the whole story, the king of cutting through the fog of the Internet misinformation about cholesterol is Dr. Carvalho. A blood test called ApoB is the gold standard of heart disease risk prediction. In this study, the 20 patients entered with median ApoB levels of 73.5, which is very good. Most organizations would say less than 90 is optimal, less than 80 if you have other cardiovascular risk factors. Two weeks on the low carb diet pushed it up 3.5 points to 77. Still good two weeks on the plant based diet dropped it 16 points to 57.5, which is excellent. But you probably don't know your ApoB because it's an uncommon test and I shouldn't be such a scientist. Lucky for us all, a very close approximation is non-HDL cholesterol. You already know your total cholesterol and your HDL. Just subtract HDL from the total and voila, 97% concordance with ApoB. The median for the participants for non HDL when they entered this trial was 108. After two weeks on low carb, it went up to 114. After two weeks on low fat, it dropped to 83, 25 points lower. That's a lot. Here's what the risk profiles look like over 30 years for different levels of non HDL, the lowest line in red is below 100. The plant based group fell on that line. The low carb group landed on the second line, considerably higher risk. Sten Ekberg fell on the third line before he ate 100 eggs, which is about double the risk of the bottom line. After seven days of eating all those eggs, Sten fell perilously close to the top line at 212, which represents extreme risk — four times the bottom line, nearly a 50% risk over 30 years. The slope of those lines increase or decrease with age, smoking, exercise, etc. What do people who are good science communicators typically do? Even if it's on social media, they'll rarely discuss things in absolutes. There's I mean, the only thing that I would come across as very absolutist on is LDL cholesterol and heart disease. I'm at a point now where I'm comfortable enough with that evidence to be like this will cause, this will put artery, this will put plaque in your arteries. And now for blood sugar. I have wondered about a simple question for a very long time. And this study connected a fascinating dot for me. And the question is, if we are showing symptoms of type two diabetes and we eat foods that completely flatten our glucose curves, does that put our type two diabetes into remission? Or is it like a pain pill that just masks the symptoms? If you can never eat another bowl of fruit again, is your type two diabetes really in remission? The volunteers in this study were screened to exclude type two diabetics, and here's what their glucose curves looked like. The low carb group hovered around 76 before a meal and it rose modestly to about 82 after. The low fat group started at 83, and it peaked at about 115 an hour after the meal. That's a dramatic difference. Is it unhealthy at 120 or do we not enter the danger zone until it hits 140? What if you were to eat foods that completely flatten your glucose curve and then you did an oral glucose tolerance test where you drank a big glass of sugar water? Would it show that your glucose tolerance had improved? They did perform glucose tolerance tests on the volunteers after each 14 day diet period, and they found the low carb diet resulted in a relative impairment of glucose tolerance compared to the low fat diet. Mean glucose during the oral glucose test was 115 with the low fat diet compared to 143 with a low carb diet. Yikes. Maybe that reveals a gap in my knowledge, but I did not see that coming. So if you're not diabetic and you adopt a keto diet for just 14 days, you could see a diabetic spike of over 140 if you eat a slice of cake at your child's birthday part?, But you probably wouldn't if you were eating carbs? No problem. That's fine. Is the pancreas like a muscle where you use it or lose it? That's kind of part of the lore of low carb diets and ketogenic diets is if you're going to go for an oral glucose tolerance test, you've gotta wean yourself off of your keto adapted state. Otherwise you're going to look like you're glucose intolerant. And that's exactly what we saw at the end of this period of time. We gave people a glucose tolerance test and it was much worse after the ketogenic diet. We don't think it's because they became insulin resistant. We think it's probably because their beta cells are just not used to secreting insulin. They just have been adapted to this high fat, low carb intake. And the body's amazing, right? If you basically tell it that you don't really need to process too many carbs, it gets used to that. And I'm sure that there would be a period of time not too long thereafter of reintroducing a higher carbohydrate diet because in fact, half of our subjects did exactly that. And you give them a glucose tolerance test and they're perfectly fine. Doesn't that make you wonder what happens if you don't do this for just 14 days, but you do it for ten, 20 or 30 years? Maybe the pancreas just chills for 30 years and springs back to normal after being summoned by carbs. Or maybe eating reasonable carbs like beans and fruit keeps the pancreas healthy. For 100 years, as populations all over the world have observed. What if the pancreas goes the way of our muscles, bones and brain if we don't use those either? The thing is, I don't think we know that answer, do we? I was low carb for seven years as a Type one diabetic and had fantastic results. Like really, really nice, stable blood glucose control, pretty good insulin sensitivity. I took it to the extreme. I went keto for about four months. The first two months? Even better results like flatline blood glucose, very low insulin levels. And then I ran into a proper hurdle where my hepatic glucose output overnight, my fasting glucose in the morning was just on its way up day after day, week after week, month after month. I was actually such a keto lover at the time that I couldn't let go. My conclusion, as you've probably read in my writing, was that I'd lost glucose tolerance. I think that long term, and this is I've received hundreds of messages from people in the same position as me who are type one living with type one diabetes, did Keto long term — ran into the same hurdles. Here's one reason this question bothers me. For thousands of years we've had young doctors passionately argue for high animal food diets, and we have some today. They can look like the model of health when they're young, and many have patients who've done well on their diets for maybe ten or 20 years. But when you ask how many people can thrive on a diet like that for many decades into their seventies, eighties and nineties, the answer that frequently comes back is: Well, Dr. Bernstein has been on a keto diet for 50 years and he's 88. The thing is, we have many studies of populations who eat modest amounts of animal foods and live very long and thrive. We've had high animal food diets for a long time. They're very popular and yet we fall back on anecdotes and outliers. I haven't found large well-studied populations, of people who have genetics like ours, who lived long and thrived on high animal food diets that we can point to. And that brings up a great question. Do we have quality long term studies that can complement this very short term study? Long term studies reveal very different things than short term studies. And taken together, all kinds of fascinating insights emerge. For example, Herman Pontzer is a talented paleoanthropologist who's done very high quality studies. Arctic cultures like the Inuit have lived for 8000 years on a diet that would put us into ketosis. And here's what he said in one of his books about them: Arctic populations have also adapted to eating a lot of meat. These populations are often held up by Phinney and others as great examples of the benefits of a ketogenic diet. But remarkably, most people in these groups can't go into ketosis. Instead, they carry a mutant variant of the gene CPT1A that essentially prevents the production of ketones. The non ketogenic variant was so advantageous among the Inuit and other Arctic cultures that it is ubiquitous among these populations today. Paleo dieters often expound upon the advantages and antiquity of a high fat ketogenic diet. But in the populations who have actually lived with these diets for generations, natural selection has pushed back hard. So what are my takeaways from this episode? Number one, it's a great paper. I think if you read it quickly without a compliment of other papers to look at ,you’d look at that weight loss curve and the flattening of the glucose curve and you'd say, Whoa, keto for the win for sure. But if you're fully OCD like me, you’d look at those blood tests, including a few I didn't mention and say, Hmm, that's not particularly a good look for keto. And you'd seek out other studies and you'd say oooo, this really isn't looking good. For example, Kevin’s study did not touch on neurology and none of the YouTubers I cited earlier would have any idea what's happening to their brains when they ate 100 eggs in seven days. But here's a talented scientist who devotes her career to that, and this is what she said in her book. [Lisa Mosconi] You might have heard of ketone bodies if you've ever been on certain low carb diets. One in particular is called the ketogenic or keto diet, and it is a neuro nutritionists nightmare. It is high in saturated fat and very low in carbohydrates and fiber, which forces the liver to burn all available sugars before turning to fat to stabilize blood sugar levels. While it is true that the brain can use ketones in place of glucose, this is the exception, not the rule. Burning ketones instead of glucose is the body's providential mechanism reserved for extremes such as starvation. Were the brain able to ask you for nourishment? It would not be asking for ketones. More important, the brain cannot run solely on these molecules. It still requires no less than 30% of its energy from glucose. Number two, I don't know about using a continuous glucose monitor for people without diabetes. Blood glucose excursions up to 120 are normal for billions of healthy people around the world. What isn't normal for those healthy populations is high non HDL cholesterol. And you can get that by flattening your glucose curves, by eating high saturated fat foods in place of beans and fruit, for example. You'd never know it from your glucose monitor. In this paper, the average daily intake of saturated fat was two grams per 1000 calories for the low fat diet and 30 grams per 1000 calories for the low carb diet. I know, there are many other things you can learn from a glucose monitor to flatten the curve like maybe eating more slowly and taking a walk after your meal. Number three, there's been a very popular hypothesis for the last few decades that after you eat carbs, your insulin levels rise and that triggers fat storage. In this study, we did indeed see insulin levels rise after a meal on the low fat diet, but that was the diet that led to more fat burning over the two weeks. Ow, Kevin caught me with a bad misstatement of facts here. It isn't that the low carb group was burning less fat. They were actually burning more because they were eating more. It's just they were experiencing lower body fat loss. It doesn't seem to me that that hypothesis is aging well. I'll link to a few good papers about it in the description, but I agree with obesity researcher Stephan Guyenet and Kevin Hall. Yeah, it's probably wrong. Was I being such a scientist to use the word probably? Well then I'll have Daniel translate it into such a YouTuber language. We've been lied to. Everything we’ve been told about food is WRONG! Grandpa, can you please stop taking my glasses? Kevin got some pushback from a few scientists who said it takes longer than two weeks to become fat adapted and that could be somewhat true. But Kevin points out that ketone levels had pretty much leveled off, as had uric acid, which is also a decent marker. I actually think carb adaptation could take longer — oh it’s starting to rain — because digesting fiber takes a healthy microbiome and there's a lot of wrecked microbiomes out there from taking antibiotics. And years of eating a low fiber diet. I really need to interview someone above my pay grade like Will Bulsiewicz about that. The great news is once we are fiber adapted, this study shows we can get some really great blood work numbers, no? And number five, and maybe most important, I think I speak for almost everyone who's read your papers, Kevin, WE NEED A BOOK FROM YOU, where you can expand on this and write in consumer language. Please! You see what I do for you, Kevin? I got myself soaked in frozen to ask you to write a book.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anooptiwari2011 [1 likes]: Great Man, Great Study! Amagzing Research!
  2. @markup6394 [1 likes]: Ah yes, the words we speak and the words we hear... Do you know the novel "The Swarm" by German author Frank Schätzing? In it he describes a journalist who interviews all sorts of scientists to put their work into words normal people understand. I had to think about that character now...
  3. @TheHobbyDemon [1 likes]: Thank you so much for making this video. This has erase my 30 year belief that low carb was the way to weight loss and better health. I did the carnivor diet for about 90 days a few years ago and lost a lot of weight but craved celery like mad. I've regained all the weight and then some more once i stopped that diet (i missed going to the bathroom too much). This January i got news my liver wasn’t doing too well and that my LDL was elevated. Even though I was no longer doing the carnivor, I was still keeping some carb at bay but ate a ridiculous amount of fat without really registering it.  Thanks to you and your channel, I feel I finally got an understanding of nutrition and a better direction.
  4. @weksauce [1 likes]: 12:50 this is wrong. LDL has NO CAUSATION of cvd. It's only high circulating VLDL, in combination with knocked-down enough glycocalyx (which never happens on keto diets), and high-enough blood pressure (which, by definition, isn't present in healthy people). Nick Norowitz has a walking-around LDL of 700, and it's fine. He has literally 0 calcium in his arteries.
  5. @weksauce [1 likes]: apoB is not important.
  6. @weksauce [1 likes]: There is no such thing as THE keto diet, nor THE vegan diet. Ketogenic and vegan are adjectives that describe infinite CLASSES of diets.
  7. @DrProfX [1 likes]: What about vegan keto?!😉
  8. @arinkim708 [1 likes]: Your video was pretty useless ..the endless ranting, I literally got nothing out of your video. I still don’t know what was the conclusion of your title to your video. Garbage
  9. @arinkim708 [1 likes]: I literally lost 25 lbs in 3 months on just Hagen daz ice cream and dominos pizza
  10. @oscargarciahinde4247 [1 likes]: 0:06 You wanna die young? 'Cause this is how you die young.
  11. @LizT207 [1 likes]: Thank you, Sir. This video is superb
  12. @great-garden-watch [1 likes]: Why don’t you ask why people lose weight faster on keto? I don’t care personally.  I don’t have a food religion but i wish nobody else did either.  Anyway, I’m trying low carb Mediterranean…i.e. as low cholesterol as possible, some chicken, fish, olive oil, nuts, veg. Some beans and lentils.  Berries, some citrus, no roots. Small bit of oats.  Fingers crossed
  13. @nancythomas2193 [1 likes]: I don't know. Maybe it's the time of day that made it difficult for me to focus, but I came away from this confused. It all sounded like some foreign language. What were we supposed to come away with from this presentation?
  14. @awesomelife3710 [1 likes]: I love listening to your videos regularly as I drive to work. The sound between some takes, such a at the 6:06 mark, makes me jump out of my skin and almost swerve into the next lane because it sounds like something is shooting right at me. It would be fantastic if you’d consider gentler transition sounds (or no sounds) so those of us who drive as we listen won’t think a tire just exploded at 70 mph. Thank you! 🙏🏽
  15. @cmarenghi: So what should we eat?
  16. @jaez-stayz: "Do you have time for an 8 hour episode?" YES. YES. PLEASE. 😭😭 You are threatening me with the promise of a good time 😭
  17. @edwinGuyle: When I stop drinking alcohol for 14 days, I get drunk faster when I drink again...🙄 Crazy
  18. @jackyandrob: I'm I missing something..LFLC..
  19. @HiStyleAcademy: He Chris, I wonder what your hair looks like since you always wear a cap. As a stylist, I noticed that bold men are more carnivore eaters (Joe Rogan, Dr. Berg and Bikman for instance), Not scientifically proven of course, but fun to research. My hair became fuller and grows like crazy after becoming a vegetarian years ago. Keep up the nice videos!
  20. @BecauseYouHaveToHaveANickNow: Writing this comment deliberately before I see the results: 14 or even 30 days is not enough to evaluate a diet, especially on that relies on adaptations. I remember my beginnings with keto, when I would feel full and have cravings at the same time. That passed after about a week.

- The keto diet uncovered: The truth about fat vs. carbs | ZOE Dailies with Christopher Gardner: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to Zoe science and nutrition and our special daily series about diets each day this week we're examining one of the world's most popular diets putting the latest scientific evidence under the microscope we'll find out these diets true impact on your health I'm your host Jonathan wolf and I'll be joined throughout this series by Professor Christopher Gardner hello Christopher good to be here Jonathan Christopher is a professor of medicine at Stanford University and the director of nutrition studies at the prestigious Stanford prevention Research Center is is one of the world's leading researchers on how our diet impacts our health so what's on our plate today Christopher to kick us off Jonathan in episode 1 we're dishing up a diet where fat Reigns Supreme so fat reigning Supreme sounds pretty scary when for decades Christopher we've all been told that fat is like deadly and going to kill us and we all need to eat low fat now I know the scientific view has changed and we no longer think that fat is deadly but EX exactly how much fat are we talking about in this diet well we're talking about 70 to 75% of calories is fat when the argument has always been around the range of 30 to 35 so this is twice all of that so that's an enormous amount of fat what diet is this so this is the ketogenic diet hi I'm excited that you're here to find out if fat really is healthier than carbs if you haven't already hit the Subscribe button and the Bell to turn on notifications so you'll know whenever a new episode arrives this will really help us to continue our mission to improve the health of millions so the team did some research and found that the ketogenic diet or keto as I think many listeners will have heard of it has actually been around since the 1920s so it's a 100 years old Christopher and it started Life as a treatment for children with epilepsy so why would anyone with epilepsy follow this keto or very low carb diet and why are we talking about it still 100 years later for everybody yeah it's fascinating so if you do go back historically I I think it was partly accident that they found out let's try for these poor kids with epileptic seizures how can we help them let's try different things in this very high fat very low carb diet suppressed seizures it was effective so it's been known for a long time and what is the reason why people are now thinking that this could be a healthy diet for people who you know aren't suffering from EP epilepsy so it's gone around multiple times a long long time ago it was called the Stillman diet it was the Atkins diet uh and the Atkins diet came and went and came back again and lately it's surfaced as keto which is a little almost extreme Atkins diet but it has come and gone for years and years and years and it seems to really be back bigger than I've ever seen it before it's this backlash to low fat this is super low carb and what's the basic Theory why are you cutting out all of these carbs and and switching to Fat so your basic diet has carbs and fats and proteins for calories and uh you can store an infinite amount of fat in your body you can store a limited amount of carbohydrate in your body and you can't really store any protein so as you're eating carbs that generates an insulin response to put the carbohydrate away when blood glucose hits your cardiovascular system and people would diabetes know they don't want to have high blood glucose so one of the possible ways to regulate that is to have less carbohydrate well if you're going to have less Cobo hydrate you have to have more of something right and so you could have more fat or more protein so the basis of this idea is you cut out all these carbs you don't create any sort of spikes in your blood sugar so you don't have any of this insulin any of those things that might be affecting you know diabetes but you have to eat something else instead exactly if you go back to the Atkins diet interestingly as you read through that and that was very popular multiple times there was no recommendation for the split between protein and fat was really just low carb keto is a little different so what happens in your body if you do follow this ketogenic diet correctly so you shift from burning carbs to burning fat which sounds great because then you're burning maybe excess weight and fat in your body which you would like to get rid of but it really is a shock to your body your your brain your central nervous system they want glucose if you deprive them of glucose you can break down fat in a way that feeds your brain and your central nervous system but it really prefers carbs so I think um the analogy that I'm sort of getting from this is a bit like you've got your car and it it can be an electric car but it can run on you know petrol as well and what you're saying is it really wants to run on petrol but if you get rid of all the petrol it'll switch to Electric but as soon as you give it like a bit of petrol it sort of switches back to this because that's just it sort of default way is that an analogy that works at all here for my my body it does and it it really has to be super low carbed to make that happen so this is 5 or 10% carbohydrate when most diets around the planet are 50% carbohydrate so it's 10 times less carbohydrate than the normal ways that people eat around the world so it's an incredible restriction of carbohydrate and there's a blood level that you can check and it's called blood ketones so if you are in ketosis you can do a test and see if you have this if you are at 15 or 20% carb you are not in ketosis if you're in 10 maybe if you're in F if you have 5% carb you're in ketosis most people can't can't do that and so let's say you manage to do this you're following the ketogenic diet you know you're very committed what are the possible health benefits if you do switch to this point when you're you're sort of running on fats instead of on blood sugar yeah so you really wouldn't need any insulin to put away carbohydrate that's showing up in your blood and insulin is a hormone that's very the term for this is called anabolic it's building it's putting away it's storing storing carbs as fat storing fat as fat so you're you're shifting your hormone profile to be burning if that's the way it should work and so what is the reality then what is the what actually um might happen and are there any downsides I guess if you do successfully um follow this diet so a lot of people get the keto flu from this so in this big shift they become nauseated um it's just it's not good and it cuts back on your appe which helps you lose weight but it's not fun to be nauseated there's also a misunderstanding so a lot of people focus on the very very low carb and not on the high fat part and meat in fact is very low in carb but it's high in protein and so a a misinterpretation people have is oh this is great I'm going to go super low carb I'm going to eat a lot of meat our protein needs aren't really that high if you start cutting that low in carb it's really easy to seed your protein needs and since there's no place to store protein it gets converted to carbohydrate which is what you were trying to cut back on so if you eat too much protein actually you can't be on a ketogenic diet you aren't actually in ketosis yeah and protein extra protein is insulinogenic which means it produces insulin to be putting away the protein that turned into carb this really is a very high fat diet in order to follow it super high fat we did a study that we covered in a previous episode with you I remember you're one of the very few people who've done a big study of the ketogenic diet and I guess what was the verdict out of that study Christopher but well I have to tell you so part of that study meant providing participants with food for four weeks from a food delivery service and we said hey food delivery service we are very much into having the best diet a and the best diet B and I work with a lot of chefs these days I love the term Unapologetic deliciousness we want you to make an unapologetically delicious set of Keto meals for our participants and this had to be a week at a time and it came in jars and one of the jars they gave us was all olive oil and we said well we wanted meals you we need you to deliver meals and they said well we we can't get the fat high enough and what should you do with the jar of olive oil they said pour it on your pulled pork pour it over your avocados pour it over everything I thought that that doesn't sound right we were trying to deliver meals not jars of fat and they said having a really tough time getting the fat to the level you want one of the hardest challenges is just making this a sort of edible diet is that it is and in that particular study when we fed people the food from a food delivery service some of them did well some of them just couldn't do it then they were supposed to do it on their own without a food delivery service couple people actually nailed it but a lot of people had trouble we measured them 12 weeks after the study was over virtually no one was on it at that point they couldn't maintain that low level and I and I I think what that means is some of them might have felt they were doing the ketogenic diet but you're saying because it's so extreme in terms of what you have to achieve they weren't getting that level of carbohydrate low enough and therefore they weren't actually switching to this fat burning so they weren't really getting the the theoretical benefits and an amazing part was so we were measuring blood ketones during the study and a lot of them that were actually doing okay they were 5 or 10% um carb they still weren't in ketosis so it's really hard to get there and stay there so Christopher having like studied this you know yourself a lot in um detail and having looked at the results of your own studies what's the conclusion about you know the keto diet what's your verdict so my verdict is total thumbs down I work with preventive cardiologists and they have patients coming in all the time with very very high LDL cholesterol when you're eating that much fat and remember there's saturated monounsaturated and polyunsaturated the nutrition Community is pretty much all against saturated fat which is in meat so these people are eating a lot of meat getting a lot of saturated fat and their LDL cholesterol goes very high and preventive cardiologists are very worried final question is there any exception for example people who have quite Advanced type 2 diabetes or are there any particular cases where you would have a different view on the ketogenic diet not really especially after our study because I think the main issue here is added sugar and refined grain in the US that's 40% of our calories so if you were to cut back on that but maintain whole grains and nuts and vegetables and fruits uh you'd be maybe at a 40% carb diet or a 35% carb diet you would no way be in ketosis but if you got rid of all the crappy carbs that would be fine so for I'm all for getting rid of crappy carbs but not going beyond the veggies and the fruits and the whole grains and the beans Christopher I think it's pretty clear that's about as comprehensive a thumbs down for a diet as you're ever going to get from a professor thank you very much and tomorrow on to the next diet I can't wait thank you Christopher for unraveling the keto craze for us in today's conversation part of our special series of daily episodes about diets and our health I'm Jonathan wolf and I'm Christopher Gardener join us tomorrow when the pendulum of diets will swing to the opposite end of the spectrum and we'll be discussing low fat diets as always the Zoe science and nutrition podcast is not medical advice it's for General informational purposes only see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOrdener [1 likes]: Wow. This guy is really casual. Very unimpressed.
  2. @AntonHu [1 likes]: And the problem with LDL cholesterol is?   False science based on dodgy studies.
  3. @chrisar2252 [1 likes]: This feels like just another advert for the Zoe diet rather than serious science, Ancel Keys would be proud of it?
There are some sensible bits, the average fairly inactive person would only need 40 to 80gm (someone between 50-100kg) of animal protein or more on a plant based diet (depending on the blend of nut, grain, pulse). That could double for a much larger or physically active person, or more in extreme cases.
250g of fat will give around 2200 calories ,which might cover a medium size inactive person depending on their weight. It's not a huge amount over a day and mose people will get some energy from protein of carbs (abot 100calories from 2gm of either).Personally I'd stick to animal fats, maybe coconut or chocolate fat but definately not a jar of olive oil, it sounds like the controlled test diet was designed to put people off it. I'm inculding dairy in animal fats.
  4. @davidpaul3821 [1 likes]: Christopher Gardner is clueless 😂
  5. @petermoss4322 [1 likes]: Why are these people protecting carbs? 
Keto is not 100 years old - it's thousands of years old.
We lived for 10's of thousands of years without knowing how to grow vegetables!
I have decided that Zoe is now a money making enterprise that has nothing to do public health.
Make your own minds up!
Perhaps visit 'lowcarbdownunder' and discover what proper scientists are saying.
  6. @JMaxwell1000: Excellent information! KETO in the USA is not just a fad, it's a cult. We know an entire family who've put themselves on Keto and their "nutrition" routinely consists of 2 gallons of whole-fat milk, 6 eggs EACH per person every morning, along with 4 strips of bacon, and dinner of ribeye steak or pork chops. They've been doing this for many years. The parents now have glucose levels of >300 and triglyceride levels of >800! You CANNOT reason with them, and no amount of scientific evidence can deter them from their religious conviction that this is the way humans were meant to eat.
  7. @polibmi6510: Gardner wouldn't tell the truth even if it would save his life.
  8. @erikwillemcoenen7473: I'm quite astonished by this. Getting too much protein is practically impossible. I would have to eat more than half a kg of fish (I don't eat meat) every day to reach the prescribed amount and I find that quite undoable.
  9. @patriciaaudin4334: Does it affect cholesterol
  10. @OccamsTrousers: Many diet based companies like Zoe, Hava etc spending boatloads protecting their corner.  Pretty darn obvious to me man used to eat mainly fat, protein , with fruit ,nuts when in season. The mass of carb we eat all year around is madness. Thats my take. Ps eat veg, some berries fine. Done. Too much insulin swilling around in 95% of us.
  11. @jensbjorkkvist: If you really cut out all shitty carbs, eat normal whole food in a 10h window or so and exercise normally you will have ketones. I often have around 0.5 - 0.7 just by eating less.So isnt the normal state to have a small amount of ketones every now and then rather than having 2.0 of ketones all the time ?!
  12. @embemw: This is super helpful!
  13. @davidr1431: So glad for YouTube comments. 

People can see there is another side to that pushed by Gardner, a side from large numbers of successful keto outcomes from people in the real world completely contradicting Gardners claims.
  14. @iamsjaaktrekhaak: You don't need to eat all that fat, you burn it from your body. It is the yearly cycle, eat lots of fruits and meats that make you fat in the summer, eat meat and own bodyfat in the winter. Just like most of the animals in the world.
  15. @bertiefigueres: Interesting interview, although I feel it doesn't match my reality.

Generally I have a fairly good diet, in that we eat very few highly processed foods (except, perhaps, bread). I have been doing the 16:8 intermittent fasting for a while now. I recently started a more moderate Keto diet (about 8 weeks ago), aiming for 50g carbs a day, which is not so difficult to achieve. I have lost around 7kg (14lbs) so far. I also got a keto breathalyser to be able to check I was achieving ketosis.

I am very happy with this diet. I did experience keto rash, which appears to not be uncommon when doing keto in summer when you sweat. Keto rash appears to be a tropical yeast fungal infection of the skin, but athlete's foot medicine soon cured that. Other than that, I am very happy to keep going with this diet until I hit my target for this year (doing half the weight loss this year, and half next year). I don't intend to be on it forever, just until I reach my target weight, then I will try to maintain there by relaxing to the diet, but knowing now that too many carbs make me gain weight.

What am I eating? The basic premise is low carb, moderate protein, moderate fat. So basically meat and veggies, and a lot of salads. I try to limit fat intake because if you are eating too much fat, you will be burning your dietary fat and not your body fat.

I mostly try to avoid red meat like beef and pork, but I do still have them from time to time. But mostly fish and chicken. For breakfast recently I have been having 2 eggs, which apparently is OK. I have been snacking on cheese, nuts and olives. Cheese is a fermented food and appears to be generally a somewhat reasonably good source of fat. Unfortunately legumes are out for now (beans and lentils) and so are most fruit. Yogurt and Greek Yogurt are in, with berries such are strawberries, raspberries and blackberries (not blueberries, which are just too high in carbs), but you need to weigh your yogurt as it is still quite high in carbs.

Having been on this diet for 8 weeks, and enjoying it, I intending to stay on it for another 4 weeks. I feel the diet is quite easy to live with. But I appreciate that if you go for a more restricted carb target of 25g of carbs, it would be much more difficult to hit this target as half of my "fun foods" like yogurt would be out. But at 50g a day, it is not overly hard to stay on it. I guess moderation makes life easier. Being too hard-core makes your life too difficult, so a 50g target is much more do-able.

When going into the weight management phase, I intend to bring back healthy carbs first, so legumes (beans and lentils) and fruits. If I manage to keep my weight steady, I will bring back moderate amounts of brown rice, pasta and bread, and see how that goes, slowly up-ing the carbs until I notice the weight starting to rise, at which point I will cut back down again. At least that is the plan at this stage.
  16. @arianarubytemple6008: I tried the keto diet and I felt HORRIBLE!!!!!!
  17. @WhiteWarriorWill: Keto is a scam. I'm ripped on the low fat Mediterranean diet.
  18. @Starchaser63: No special diet needed ever ,  just eat Real whole foods,  it was the processed junk foods all along 😊
  19. @vanessac1965: Make green vegetables the foundation of your diet and eat wholefoods. Watch what happens
  20. @imagentv3768: I am not sure how people can do Keto, many years back when I was eating all kind of junk  I did Atkin, it works for loosing weight, but always short terms. 20 years ago I began to lower my consumption of junk, it help to stable my weight, I was on an omnivore diet. Even if I was stable I had cravings and had to count calories. 5 years ago I decided to go plant based, with the addition of  cheese, egg and fish. I  lost quite of bit of weight, at 65, 5'7, 132lbs, no belly fat, no craving or starving, perfect health, feeling great, better than ever. I  don't have to calculate anything, no stress about calories or what to eat. I eat as much as I want, all whole foods, zero junk/process/sugar/alcohol, only clean organic real food "nuts, seeds, legumes, fruits, vegetables, whole grain, tofu, fish, eggs and some cheese. Probably, 15% protein, 35% fat and 50% carbs 😊

- Keto Deep Dive, Staying Strong, & Aging Well (w/ Dr. Ken Ford PhD): Kind: captions Language: en Dr Ken Ford welcome to the program great to be here thank you yeah my pleasure um so just by a short uh way of introduction from my perspective um I've been listening to the stem Talk podcast for several years and it's been one of my go-to podcasts for nutrition in particular in fact it was kind of uh maybe maybe one of the main things that spurred my initial interest in fasting and that was the interview with Dr Mark Matson he's been on your show a couple times but the one from 2016 um so way back then that's kind of what got me started down learning more about that and potential health benefits and things and of course you guys talk a lot about nutritional ketosis on there as well among other topics but that's been it's it's really a kind of a I don't know if I should call you a celebrity but like you know it's one of those celebrity Encounters of like wow I've been listening to this guy for years and years and and here he is on my own podcast but so I do appreciate you being here and then other than running the stem Talk podcast which we'll mention again later um can you tell the audience a little bit about your own professional background research background that sort of thing and how you got to where you are today sure well I'm a computer Scientist by training and my specialty is AI artificial intelligence and I started in that area in the 80s and prior to my academic career I was in the Navy so I left the Navy in 1983. and went to graduate school did a PhD at Tulane um I founded ihmc in 1990 I took a few years off in the late 90s to go to NASA where I was an executive I was the associate Center Director at NASA Ames Research Center in California I returned to ihmc in 99 and I've enjoyed being here ever since that's essentially my background in a nutshell I have three Focus areas AI the other Being Human Performance and resilience and then the third is sort of Entrepreneurship in research cool very cool now uh people myself included people might be kind of curious kind of if there's any connection or if it's just kind of I mean you mentioned you have multiple interests but your background is more in computer science and artificial intelligence if there's any direct connection or if it's just because you kind of are interested in science in general that you've gotten so much into nutrition and things like that well there's not a direct connection except um I have a broad interest in science I served on the national science board and many other scientific boards for the government and uh this kept my interest in science alive I personally been interested in nutrition most of my life I was a high-level wrestler and uh as a wrestler nutrition is important and making your weight class is very important and uh so uh I had an interest in both fasting and ketogenic diets since the late 60s yeah well that's going back a little bit certainly before the current uh craze keto quiz yeah you mentioned you did your PhD at Tulane um my brother-in-law went to Tulane for a couple years before her Hurricane Katrina and I've been to New Orleans myself what was it like spending time in in New Orleans there for the PHD well um you know it's probably a easier place to do a PhD than an undergraduate because undergraduates are more easily distracted with all of the uh Amusements of New Orleans which are many right PhD students yeah and not so much you you know you're pretty focused or you won't you won't survive the um you know I found it lovely New Orleans has uh continued to experience a lot of problems crime and Corruption among them but uh I had a good time when I was there and um I still enjoyed it New Orleans is close to Pensacola it's uh Pensacola is in Florida but it's so far west it's in the central time zone so it's actually much closer to New Orleans than any large city in Florida yeah that kind of threw me off when when I realized you were in the central time zone even though you're in Florida because I kind of just assume everything's in the Eastern Time Zone uh but yeah I looked at the map and it's like way over on I guess you guys call it the Panhandle there's also an Oklahoma Panhandle but right whatever you can both people it's only about three hours by car from New Orleans and wow I didn't realize it was really nothing within three hours in Florida that's anywhere near that size yeah uh so you mentioned ihmc and that's the organization that you well you run it and you I guess maybe co-founded it um can you just tell us a little bit more about what it is and what the purpose of it is well ihmc is a research organization and we're a not-for-profit laboratory we work for The Usual Suspects you know the usual research agencies the National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Health we do a lot of work for the Department of Defense particularly for DARPA the defense Advanced research projects Agency for the Special Operations Command for Air Force research Labs the Office of Naval Research and uh the Army research lab and we have three primary focus areas the original and first Focus was AI because that's what I was doing so it's easier to recruit colleagues that you know the second area was not unrelated was Robotics and exoskeletons robots that you wear essentially and the third most recent Focus area has been Health span resilience and performance and so those are the three sort of cornerstones of ihmc but the goal for each of those areas is the same the goal is to extend Human Performance both the scope of the performance and the health span of the human through the application of technology in the first group the technology is largely computational in the second group The robotics folks the Technologies largely electromechanical and in the third group The Technologies largely biological yeah so I guess when you're talking about improving Human Performance it could come from a variety of angles as you just explained and one of those would be nutrition and other health related things and that's going to be what we're mostly talking about today not so much about artificial intelligence and things like that but that would be interesting for another occasion perhaps so so the ketogenic diet or nutritional ketosis you mentioned you've been interested in it since the 1960s which predates just about anyone else I know in terms of when they knew about the ketogenic diet and and we're going to have several kind of sub questions about the ketogenic diet but first of all how would you define a ketogenic diet yeah and that that's actually a great question uh one of my frustrations is that I see it often uh discussed in the media or in podcasts as and eat this don't eat that diet in other words uh it's the bacon diet or it's the you know whatever it's the heavy cream diet well you know and different people react to different food items differently but the nice thing about the ketogenic diet is among all diets it's one that has a clear and unambiguous definition it's a pattern of eating that induces a state of ketosis in the human and that's measurable so either you are following a ketogenic diet or not but my diet and your diet might not be the same but um so unlike you know the diet is an unfortunate word because in people's minds it implies like I said eat this don't eat that and that's kind of uninteresting and a ketogenic diet is one that induces the state of ketosis period now you could have a very unhealthy ketogenic diet right you could eat nothing but Crisco and uh with baking crumbles on it and it would be very unhealthy No Doubt but you could also have a very healthy ketogenic diet and this has evolved over time of course yeah yeah good point so I mean it's pretty simple in a way which is if you're producing ketones if you're in nutritional ketosis like that's I guess a ketogenic diet um one thing I've observed personally is that many people say they're doing Keto and they're not even measuring their ketones and they're just kind of vaguely following some outline from a blog or whatever yeah they're in Fantasyland I have a friend who uh proclaims to everyone that uh uh the reason why his cancer hasn't taken him away yet is because uh he has a ketogenic diet but not so much you know biscuits and gravy is not ketogenic yeah that's that's true right so some people that say they're doing keto are way off like they're not even close because they just are still eating something like bread like you said Like Biscuits and they just don't even make the connection um that that's high in carbohydrates and so that's not going to work out um now of course if somebody does have a concept of like which foods are high in carbs and which ones aren't and then they decide to do a quote low carb diet even without measuring their ketones there may still be some benefits or whatever but for sure like you said a lot of people are in Fantasyland where they're they're eating way more carbs and then they realize and they're not really doing a ketogenic diet um so you alluded to the fact that you um got interested in the ketogenic diet back in the 1960s and so and I've heard you say elsewhere that you've been doing it for most of your adult life been in nutritional ketosis and but uh since it obviously wasn't trendy back then um what was the reason you first got interested and and so when and why did you start and and what has that been like I started roughly in the late 60s like 69 around then and it had to do with uh wrestling and my interest was partly driven by wanting to avoid uh seizure activity and um the community diet at the time was really focused on seizure prevention and uh a group at Johns Hopkins had developed particular formulations of the diet that were 90 fat and they weren't aimed at General Health these were aimed at helping children that had intractable epilepsy and so they General Health wasn't an issue these kids were this was their last chance basically I wasn't in that category but I had a head injury that uh induced occasional seizures and this is obviously not a good thing for an athlete and um and then you know wrestling involves making weight class and I quickly found out the best way for me to make weight class and not lose as much muscle mass as some of my colleagues was to be in ketosis so I developed sort of a high protein approach to a ketogenic diet as opposed to a 90 fat you can't possibly be a wrestler you need 90 fat yeah well that that's quite an interesting coincidence that um that you had seizure activity as a result of a head injury and then then learned about or you know tried out the ketogenic diet I mean that's that's the same reason that I originally heard about it was because you know it exists for seizure control so a long story but I went to med school for a few years and then switched to become a PA but in other words in in multiple places I'd maybe heard it mentioned in like our little our very very short you know nutrition unit in those in that schooling um but it kind of as a footnote the first time I think it was literally a footnote of like the ketogenic diet is also used for seizure control in kids or whatever um so and then and then years and years later when I heard about it I was like oh that's that thing that was that footnote and that one biochemistry lecture or something um but yeah so you yeah the seizure activity you tried it you're a wrestler and then you did it sounds like kind of a modified ketogenic diet as it some people might call it nowadays done with the higher protein level because of course the original one like you said 90 fat and it had a bunch of dairy like mayonnaise and and things like that from what I recall um like the like the early 1900s version it was horrible they were like smoothie looking things but mostly all fat and um you know I I don't like the term modified ketogenic diet because either it is one or it isn't one um it's just a more sensible one the um the other ketogenic you know another point about this issue is if you don't eat anything you're in a ketogenic diet so that's why they eat this don't eat that approach makes no sense if uh if you're fasting and you're fasting for 12 hours or 16 hours you're in ketosis and so by definition uh you accomplished nutritional ketosis by the lack of nutrition so it's a very different than all other diets it's it I'm not suggesting it's great for everyone but it's a different kind of thing it's not like the eat celery diet or the you know some other yeah yeah good points uh so getting back a little closer to the present um how you know it's been kind of this crazy thing over the last few years I feel like I was an early adopter and yet I only started experimenting with keto in uh maybe late 2016. um yeah it was 2016. so so that's just you know I guess that's seven years ago now it doesn't feel like it um but uh but you're going back to the 1960s so from your perspective how has keto keto quote unquote evolved as it's gotten more trendy in recent years well the public um understanding of it has evolved for sure and um my appreciation of it has evolved you know I went off the diet not with intent just laziness and uh extremely busy when I was at Nasa and staff was also often bringing me in food to my office and you know and guess what they weren't bringing me food that kept me in ketosis right they brought in all kinds of garbage late at night and I started eating it and felt worse and um gained weight it didn't feel good so I went back to my traditional way of eating but you asked about how the how the diet changed well it the diet itself as we talked about is really about inducing a state of ketosis so that doesn't change but what did change is you know if you started talking about beta hydroxybutyrate or anything like that even 10 years ago 20 years ago you got the boring dude hat and would have to go stand in the corner you know ketosis was not cool at all and you go you go to the shopping you know go buy groceries now and you go to the cash register and they're magazine articles now they're typically very befuddled but they're there but what's changed most about how people approach ketosis thankfully is they're eating more protein and they need to you know one of the myths of the ketogenic diet because of how it evolved out of that early 90 protein diet is that if you eat any protein you'll be quote kicked out of ketosis and there are various um you know podcast people and that that claim that but it's completely uh untrue particularly once you're well adapted to the diet once you've went through the initial period of adaptation and you know protein is critical and most people in ketogenic diets don't need enough protein particular older people eat way too little so when you're young you need a certain amount of protein probably about double the RDA right so the RDA is 0.8 kilograms I mean Port 0.8 grams per kilogram a day that's very little protein and that was devised to keep you out of overt disease so yes if you eat less than that you're going to have dramatic and acute negative results but for Optimal Health uh it's probably double that at least and in older people they're resistant they're essentially anabolically resistant to all of those things that stimulate anabolism whether that be hormonal whether that be exercise whether that be nutrition so older people actually need more protein and ironically you'll see older people like think of your parents or your mom and she'll be nibbling on something uh rather than tearing into a nice rib eye yeah yeah that's a good point because when I first got interested in keto I actually read the book I think it's just called the ketogenic diet but it's a book from like going way back to when they were using it for seizure control and it talked all about you know like making sure you really strict and keep your fat really high and and and then carbs are low but protein is quote moderate or low um and and yeah like the we use the phrase modified ketogenic diet I guess meaning um not the classical ketogenic diet with higher protein as you mentioned and and in general it is kind of like people on keto sometimes fear protein because like for the reason you said they're like oh no it's going to kick me out of ketosis um and then people outside of Keto like people in general kind of fear protein because they've been told this or that that it may you know harm their kidneys for example is maybe the most common reason that people will cite uh why they're worried about consuming protein and so people broadly speaking people seem to not eat that much protein and and there are a lot of negative consequences from that I found when I I can eat a lot of protein and still stay in ketosis yeah like crazy it's normal like five times as much as a normal person would or something maybe you know give or take um and then I can also eat a decent amount of carbs and stay in ketos if I'm exercising and there's just like variables you can kind of tweak here and there the timing of your workout or or what have you seen and and and so you know back to your earlier Point like a ketogenic diet is the one or where you're still in ketosis or you know it's nutritional ketosis um and there's a lot of different ways to get there but back to the protein thing for a second so you mentioned higher protein being good because a lot of people don't get enough and and especially as you get older you kind of need more protein um so how do you kind of think about or approach or advise other people in terms of how to kind of uh uh get enough protein on a ketogenic diet or or even not on a ketogenic diet and it can be tricky particularly um people that are fasting and so that becomes another whole challenge right if you're if you have a very short eating window uh it's certainly possible but you still need to fit a sufficient daily allocation of program a protein into that window it's less important you know there used to be talk about a thing called the anabolic window and there is an anabolic window but it's much bigger than we ever thought so it used to be you know you'd see the guys in the gym and they had their you know they didn't get to the parking lot before they drank their whey protein because they thought for sure all their exercise was in vain if they didn't immediately have a giant bolus of protein so that's been disproven but it is true that some period relatively close to exercise would be a good time to have a high protein meal but it's not as time critical as people used to think but when somebody is not eating for most of the day then you have to really be thoughtful about how you'll fit enough protein into your window so I often do intermittent fasting but I have to be thinking about how how will I do this and uh you know so I live in Florida most of the year half the year and the rest of the time in Wyoming and in Wyoming we have a tremendous amount of just fabulous high quality grass-fed meats and Wild game so in Wyoming it's easy to get spectacular uh Meats of all kinds very natural in Florida of course we have great Seafood and um I like to uh devour both of those in large quantities uh coupled with green leafy you know green veggies like spinach you know papaya spinach remember Popeye it's probably keto and he ate spinach Popeye was good it made him strong yep um yeah okay so yeah like the different Meats and Seafood and things like that could be some good protein sources now you mentioned like the intermittent fasting eating window kind of thing that's a good point so you know 16 8 is a popular schedule and so obviously if you have like an eight hour window you could the way I would think of it is like it gets something a high protein meal at the beginning and the end of that eight hour window basically and then kind of look at how much total protein you're taking in make sure it's pretty reasonable as well so that's exactly right yeah but if you think about it uh let's say a person weighs 180 pounds and even given the the recommendation that I gave which is double RDA uh and many recommend more than that but I think double RDA is sensible that's somewhere between 131 and 160 grams of protein right so if you're doing 1.6 grams per kilogram of body weight a day that's about 130 131 grams of protein that's at the low end if you think about 131 grams of protein and that's at the low end over eight hours most people do not achieve that yeah that's that's definitely true I've kind of kind of come to realize that more recently um and so I've I've really been like paying attention to like well okay at the beginning of my eating window I'm gonna have high protein and at least one more time in the day and to definitely get over 100 grams most days and often closer to like 150 or something like that to kind of get in that ballpark range now speaking of protein though uh you know there's you know there's all the natural sources meat fish poultry eggs dairy yeah um and then some you know like vegetable sources and things that are not quite as complete or bioavailable um but you can still get some from there and then what is your opinion on this is kind of my personal curiosity but I'm sure some listener might want to know as well there's a lot of like protein shakes protein powders protein this and that and if and one of the most common would be maybe the Whey Protein so what is your opinion about that and if you're using something like whey protein is there anything you need to be aware of yeah so whey protein is a very fast hitting form of protein it's metabolized quickly compared to the other kinds of protein and it's particularly useful around exercise around resistance training is a good time for that to have it's in it's a time efficient way to get a big whack of protein one of the challenges is that whey protein uh taken in the quantity sufficient if sufficient quantity often engenders an insulin response and this is not what you're looking for when you're in ketosis so there's sort of a trade-off there myself I only mess with whey protein on resistance training days uh I have it with me uh when I'm resistance training and I finish it as I finish training and then I head for eggs but um you know I wouldn't have whey protein today it was an office day it may even knock me out of ketosis or certainly uh um get me really close to out if I drank a lot of it the other thing is the quality of whey protein varies dramatically by vendor and it's it's such a huge Market the vendors are all over the place and the quality and the composition or the whey protein and you know like leucine is key and so if you're not sure about how much leucine is in the a protein you can supplement with leucine and the other essential amino acids okay yeah good to know so I guess kind of looking for a a reputable product and all that possibly bringing in like the branch chain amino acids or things that will kind of stimulate even more protein synthesis yeah um and then being aware of the potential insulin rise now I've heard that actually I was in Dr Ben bookman's book he he kind of explained that if you're on a low carb diet or if you're on a ketogenic diet then protein is not as insulinogenic as it would be otherwise true but do you still find that that at least for you personally that it's it uh causes issues of protein whey protein in particular protein hits me differently than say you know eating eggs you know so uh I get almost no roots insulinic response to things like eggs whereas protein whey protein um I see it I see a response and I so I couple it on a Training Day uh where I'm giving myself a little more leeway uh your body will handle carbohydrates better on that day and um with Branch chain amino acids those are good you want all of the essential amino acids not just the subset that are the branch chain so it used to be thought that the branched chain amino acids the BCAAs uh were the way to go but now it's the eaas so you it turned out there's benefit to all all of the essential amino acids okay great uh thanks for those insights so kind of moving ahead now from the the kind of protein topic and some of the other topics we've mentioned let's get back to the ketogenic diet itself or um you know we could call it nutritional ketosis or I guess there's various definitions depending on what we say but um in general and when we look at the ketogenic diet what in your opinion are the top benefits the most important benefits or the most impactful significant benefits um of that clearly depend on the person on the individual so as we discussed earlier for some people you know it's critical for some people it has to do with seizure control for other people it has to do with cognitive performance a lot of people see a tremendous dip in cognitive performance around two o'clock in the afternoon and uh this goes away uh once you're uh well adapted to a ketogenic diet for some people it's weight loss I think for most people that go into it it's for weight loss and there there is benefit to losing weight through the ketogenic diet as opposed to strictly calorie restriction um you know you tend to lose you lose muscle either way when you lose weight if you lose significant weight you will lose some muscle but you lose less while doing a ketogenic diet than you would if you're losing weight otherwise I think there are numerous benefits but you know insulin is a big Boogeyman that doesn't get talked about it enough you mentioned Ben bickman he does talk about it but most people really insulin most docs don't even check you for insulin if you if you not known to have disease and you go to your Dock and he gives you the blood tester she gives you the blood test insulin won't be on it they'll check glucose insulin is way more um telling you know if your glucose level is 80 you don't know if it's 80 because you're producing insulin like crazy because you're insulin resistant or if it's 80 because you're healthy so uh bickman is in my view entirely right about that as are others you know if you know someone's uh inflammation level insulin level and body composition you know quite a bit yeah so that's a good point there's kind of an array of different benefits and so it depends on the person like which one matters the most um and I guess looking at Society at large we you were talking about insulin we know that there is an epidemic of insulin resistance in fact I've heard it estimated up to about 88 percent of adults in the United States might have a insulin resistance basically and so that includes you know type 2 diabetes that includes pre-diabetes and maybe some other people that don't quite qualify for those um monikers but uh but what what is your kind of take on what kind of impact can a ketogenic diet have on this diabetes epidemic I think it's the probably the most effective uh approach for most people maybe not forever but for most people you know when uh you mentioned 88 of the people I think that was a study that showed something like that uh had a form of metabolic derangement they were unhealthy in terms of metabolism and that often involves insulin uh the key inject diet and or fasting uh are great ways to address that issue um you know and you see it you see it work every day but diet is one of those things that the the country is sufficiently brainwashed that I would say not a day goes by that someone doesn't send me a paper uh or some kind of clipping about how this will surely kill you quickly and um it's quite frustrating also another thing pet peeve since I mentioned to pet peeve um you mentioned 88 of the people have some form of insulin problem you typically insulin resistance that now is normal and this is what people don't understand when they get their blood test to result back and the doc looks them in the eye and says it's normal you need to find a new doctor Homer Simpson is normal so those but you go to question you get your numbers back that's based on the population the general population many of which are in almost all of which are insulin resistant and have diabetes all kinds of other ailments and then you got this distribution and you're green so you're good to go well you're in there with Homer and all the rest you don't want to be in there with Homer you know you want your insulin level to be like three or four and believe me your doctor will be shocked if it's three or four yeah good points uh yeah yeah like the range of normal the range of normal has probably kind of migrates over time because it's based on the standard deviation or something yeah yeah look at testosterone levels go to Starbucks check out the guy who gives you your latte right he's normal um yeah good point so so the Yeah you mentioned that keto in your opinion is basically the best treatment for these people that have let's say type 2 diabetes or pre-diabetes um because of course they have insulin resistance and then the the downstream effect is eventually getting high blood sugar and that's what we call diabetes and you know start all these different treatments for it um and and yeah I'd say I'd say you're right it's it's is probably the most obvious treatment in a sense is like you're you don't you're not tolerant to carbs you have carb intolerance so let's take away the carbs at least temporarily so you can kind of get that under control get your body working better Physicians don't want to suggest that and I'm not knocking Physicians I understand it because they've got a short period of time with you on the average you're in there a very brief time if it's paid for by insurance you have a short visit and uh they're very worried because uh they put you on uh some kind of a eating pattern and let's say it actually worked and it tremendously lowered your blood sugar and it affected your insulin this this will mess up the dosing the insulin dosing so they're quite worried about that I I have a lot of new physician friends that prefer prescribing insulin and just tell them to eat whatever they want because they don't want to have to deal with what the effect on the dosing is and the effect is dramatic if you look at the success verna's had a company that Jeff volack and others uh started virtus had incredible success taking real diabetics all the way down to where they don't need insulin and unless you have coaching of course virta provides really good coaching but unless you have somebody looking at you and looking at your numbers and coaching you it makes dosing the insulin very very hard yeah yeah good point so yeah the thing about doctors and and other medical providers is first of all you know we don't really learn that stuff in school of like real nutritional interventions I mean maybe now they're talking about a ketogenic diet a little bit more than they used to I don't know um but uh but yeah and then when you have a patient visit you have yeah 10 or 15 minutes basically including the time that you're going to spend like documenting on the computer things like that um if you're talking about you know Primary Care Family Practice that sort of thing and so so you know some of the doctors end up learning about keto enough that they realize how powerful it can be for um you know their diabetic patients and often that's through personal experience where they like lost a bunch of weight and now they're converted quote unquote um but yeah like most of them you're right like any time you change the way you're eating you're going to have to change insulin in particular the like the doses and kind of taper off of it and so that requires some care and some uh frequent consultations and things to kind of make sure that it works out right um and I listened to your recent interview with Dr volich um and that's pretty amazing actually that like is pretty accessible and talked about a whole bunch of different benefits of Keto so for any listeners that want to dive into some of the ones that we're not going to talk about today that that would be a good thing to check out as well um so one thing I wonder about sometimes is uh it maybe not for someone who has Type 2 diabetes because in their case I think just like getting on the low carbon stain on it for quite an extended period of time is is probably best but maybe for someone who doesn't have full blown diabetes or maybe hasn't doesn't even have pre-diabetes yet but wants to kind of get some of the benefits of ketosis is uh what's your thoughts about kind of something like a cyclic ketogenic diet like let's say you did it for a month every few months or a few months every year or or just for a week every or it's just kind of random maybe it's not like really you know planned out that carefully what do you think about the potential benefits of that um versus like doing it 100 of the time I don't know I I'm not a fan of uh cyclic ketogenic dieting because there's an intake phase you know there's there's an adjustment where particularly if you're interested in performance where you actually have typically not always but typically a dip in performance for a while and there's all kinds of unfortunate language people use like keto flu it's it's nothing like flu anybody who thinks it's like flu has never had flu I hate flu but um sure no it's but there are other things you could do in fact you know a lot of people that are in the situation you described you know just a good solid low carb diet would be a big help for a lot of people you know uh Vivian Lowe she's in a superb physician up in the Boston area she was also on stem talk Vivian is a big fan of the ketogenic diet but she has a hard time uh even though her patients are quite dedicated she coaches them you know they have sessions on Zoom at night with the patients it's easier to get she says easier to have her patients comply with a general low-carb diet then get so far down the rabbit hole of the ketogenic diet and um and I can see that would be the case for some people for me the king died it's actually easier because I have an objective measure of whether I'm doing it or not but uh for a different personality type it would be off-putting yeah yeah I see what you're saying I guess I guess that's a that's a really good point about um when I talk about like the cyclic ketogenic diet it if somebody's like trying it for the first time like they need enough time to really adapt to it yeah um so maybe there's a place for it if you're already pretty well adapted kind of going in and out but if you're just kind of dipping your foot in the water like you don't want to just like try it for two days and then stop and then try it for three days you're never gonna get adapted you're always going to feel crappy fun yeah yeah exactly and then this is kind of a a random question but it's like related to that a little bit um for somebody that's on a ketogenic diet is there any benefit or any place for um I think I've heard it called carb cycling um that people do where they like have a higher amount of carbs on a day every so often to kind of maybe to get the glycogen build up in the muscles and things like that that's nonsense there's a bodybuilder that was pushing that I can't remember his name but it it's there's no scientific basis for that and glycogen stores actually uh repleted very quickly whether you're in ketosis or not it takes a lot to knock that down and keep it down you can deplete it through exercise but it restores pretty quickly um and uh the the it goes under different names like re-free you know refeed and names like this um for the vast majority of people this would be a bad idea okay fair enough enough said um so uh so what in your opinion constitutes a well-formulated ketogenic diet and and of course you've alluded to this a little bit earlier it's it's not the Crisco it's not a well formulated ketogenic diet but what and and maybe at the same time you can kind of you've told us a little bit about what you eat but if there's anything else you want to add about that as well well sure uh I mean to me a well-formulated ketogenic diet and this I love that phrase that's due to Jeff Bullock by the way okay um it consists of adequate to substantial protein consists of fats and we don't have to demonize saturated fat you know you you don't want some kinds of fat like trans fats and things like that but those are real outliers and generally aren't as widely available as they used to be you want to be sure though a lot of ketogenic dieters have turned it into a carnivore diet and for some people that's really good and they're benefiting because they're finally getting enough protein but if you're getting enough protein in your ketogenic diet you should not be frightened of having things like you know spinach broccoli asparagus arugula these things are all good and uh sulfursuring is good you know I I like Sprouts you know the the Little Sprouts that contain so much sulfur furane so the ketogenic diet there's a lot of ways to do it but the I would start with I wouldn't start with fat the way people used to I would start with protein and I would limit my carbohydrates tremendously and the carbohydrates they do want are carbohydrates that come from uh dark green veggies and things like that you know arugula spinach kale that kind of thing yeah good point um that kind of goes along with Dr bickman a key was on my podcast once and I've heard him talk elsewhere um so he he has a little four pillars of nutrition thing that he describes in one of them the first one well maybe it's not the first one it's like the second one is prioritize protein right so yeah basically if you have that mindset with the ketogenic diet and get your protein in place like the foundation the quarter Cornerstone if you will um and then you know add in some different healthy fat sources and obviously the protein and fat come together in many cases so you don't you don't always have to be adding a bunch of extra fat depending on if you're eating like fatty meat for example oh well it's great you know really high quality olive oil I I I'm an olive oil Nazi and so at all times I have about eight different ones and I have a little jar with a little funnel and so if I know I'm going to go to a restaurant maybe I'm planning to have steak I bring my little olive oil and I bring my Chianti salt you know salt from Chianti which is ground so fine I once got stopped coming into the United States the guy inspecting my bag thought it was something else until I pointed out the little flakes in it were Rosemary and and um fennel pollen the little pollen from a fennel plant and the guy was sort of dubious I let him have a taste you know it is salt but this Chianti salt is ground grind very very fine and so you uh it's less harsh right so I like that in olive oil to supplement my Meats but as you say most protein sources come along with a good bit of fat anyway yeah yeah good point um so part of your previous answer made me think about how you you talked about the arugula and and broccoli and other things um in the keto and and by the way there's a little background noise because my neighbors are doing some remodeling so hopefully that's not coming through on the microphone too much but um in the keto and low carb communities I've heard it I've seen it and heard it quite a few times and of course carnivore part of the part of the reason behind carnivore the things that people will say about it is that they either have certain like side effects and problems when they eat vegetables or there's even there's these whole theories and books written about how vegetables are basically bad for you and that that's why you should only eat meat which I mean there may be some people who have individual you know sensitivity or some you know gut problem or whatever with a specific vegetable in fact there's some vegetables where that's not uncommon right but uh but in general like the demonization of vegetables and idea of like and that being like a reason to eat carnivore what are your thoughts on that unless the person has um now some vegetables are somewhat problematic right lots of the nightshade family um a lot of people have a negative response to those they have gut problems you know relating to that so um you know these folks that say this have a point and everyone's different but for many people uh certain kinds of vegetables are not uh a problem and they're not a problem for ketosis particularly once you're well adapted you know once you're well adapted you've been doing it a long time you you know vegetables have carbohydrates but you could eat quite a lot of spinach and still be in ketosis yeah yep good point uh so I want to go back to something you said earlier real quick um I I don't remember the name of the guest but the guest that was talking about how uh a lot of her patients have trouble sticking with a ketogenic diet and so she has them just do like a low carb diet instead sort of yeah okay Vivian Lowe um so speaking of which there's a lot of discussion a lot of handwringing about is a ketogenic diet sustainable and will people be able to stick to it um so kind of what are your top few kind of thoughts and and maybe tips if you have any yeah in terms of like compliance and feasibility and kind of being able to actually stick with the diet yeah I think that's mostly all nonsense but that's spoken as somebody who did it most of their life so I'm a wrong person to ask right okay um but you know you I I travel a lot I have to eat out with groups and uh it's perfectly doable in a restaurant or anywhere I don't make a big scene about it I don't give the keto speech you know uh it's pretty easy to do these days in fact sometimes waitresses will go oh low carb or something I don't say anything about it I just order what I like to eat it I don't see a problem sustaining it that I think that's another just sort of malarkey piece yeah yeah I mean there's a lot of different you know beginners struggle for multiple reasons and one of them is like if they don't feel great at first and and as you talked about on the the interview with Jeff Bullock like getting extra sodium is really important because now you're like you know excreting more sodium so that's like a big big one that's going to help with a lot of the so-called keto flu symptoms um and then there's the environmental pressures um you know you talked about the restaurants some restaurants it's hard to find like a good low carb option and then you've got all these holiday Feats and family events and sweets and treats and so if you're a community yeah the social pressure is a bigger problem and people feeling uncomfortable uh obviously eating strangely compared to their friends right so yeah you know I spend a lot of time in Italy and the Italians are absolutely shocked you know they're like what is he doing he didn't eat his pasta you know or um you know uh tonight I'm going to an Italian restaurant and everyone in the group will order these pizzas and they'll give me pieces but guess what you scrape them though I won't eat the crust I'll eat all the goodies that are on it okay just taking everything off except the bread scrape it off but um it's not a big deal and I don't you know I don't care you know somebody to say oh look he's funny yeah so yeah but I can see my shoes yeah so as a just a really brief tangent um in the compliance thing as Vivian Lowe was talking about you know I think I heard Dr Jason Fung actually explain one time years ago I don't know if if he would remember this but it was on some podcast or something but that maybe one of the reasons he started using fasting so much with his patients was because he had kind of tried to have them do low carb and that sometimes they struggled with adopting it for all the usual reasons that was kind of before it became as trendy as it is nowadays it's been more normalized it's a little bit it's not as as weird to say oh I'm doing keto or I'm doing low carbs as maybe it was five or ten years ago but yeah um and fasting is the easiest fasting's easier because you don't have to coach them except to say eat nothing and I find it remarkable that people would prefer to eat nothing than something but if they would prefer to eat nothing than something then the way to go I think is intermittent fasting not long-term fasting where you'll experience muscle wasting but intermittent fasting and then fit enough protein into your eating window to maintain muscle mass because as young as you are you know this is the time in your middle age and in youth it's muscle is like your retirement account it's like your 401k or your 403 b where when you're young in middle age you put deposits in I hope right and at some point you'll be withdrawing you're going to be withdrawing from your retirement account and when in your 80s I don't care what you do you're going to be withdrawing from your muscle mass account and it's not a vanity thing this is how we lose our independence typically if it's not dementia it's loss of muscle you know so you just you know Granny can't get out of her chair uh well that's a problem or dad falls down can't get up that's a problem they're going to lose their independence over that issue and it's Frailty is one of the main things that's a problem as you get older and you can kick that down the road if you go into that period of your life with uh more muscle mass and muscle quality yeah so uh so you you kind of Broach to the topic of fasting and different types of fasting but uh but let's hit a couple more things related to keto I mean I guess I broached the topic of fasting but then you kind of carried on but but let's let's hit a couple more things related to keto and then we'll Circle back to fasting if that's okay if you don't have to like go right away at the top of the hour or anything okay then we should have time to do that um and then we'll talk about the muscle maintenance and that'll just a little bit more um so so back back to keto for a minute so we talked about you know what you what you eat and kind of what might constitute a well-formulated ketogenic diet and vegetables or not vegetables and that sort of thing um and even the compliance and difficulties with sustaining it um for some people um and one thing that comes up a lot like a lot lot and it was kind of one of the early objections to say the Atkins diet I guess I mean I wasn't in the medical field yet um at that time like in the I mean I was growing up in the 90s and then you know and hear about it and then people would be like oh that somebody lost a bunch of weight on the Atkins diet but they're going to have a heart attack you know look at all this stuff they're eating which is kind of a funny uh description in retrospect in a lot of ways um but uh but this comes up a lot because if you eat more fat one of the things that may happen is you might have a higher level of LDL cholesterol the so-called bad cholesterol has been for many years termed bad cholesterol it always in quotes um and then in fact a couple days ago um or maybe it was just yesterday there was a CNN Headline that uh that you shared with me but this comes up all the time but this is like a new study a new paper um that's talking about this again and the headline was something like um in fact I think I've got it right here let me pull it up keto-like diet may be associated with a higher risk of heart disease according to new research and I just want to read like the first sentence or so just because it's kind of comical in some ways but it says a low carb high fat keto-like diet may be linked to higher levels of bad cholesterol and double the risk of cardiovascular events such as blocked arteries heart attacks and strokes according to new research um but since this comes up so often and I'm sure people ask you about it and they're probably asking you about this latest study um what are your thoughts about that topic and about that study well yeah my inbox is still full of emails about that from stem talk listeners and I will answer them all but there are a lot of them and pasting hunting paste and yeah you know adjust it to each person but uh you know really this is a hit piece and it's nothing to do with science it's sort of an example of the absurdity of the media publishing an article based entirely on a press release so they have access to no study there is no study this was a paper presented at a conference that the media wasn't at the people who did the paper produce a press release probably their media office did the press release and they're notoriously inaccurate and there's a lot you could say about that but none of this is peer-reviewed science it's also nutritional epidemic epidemiology which is one of the least reliable parts of science if it is part of it but also the probability of any of the people being on a well-formulated diet is near zero one of the things that should tip someone off the paper is full of quotes with people having nothing to do with the study so you'll see numerous quotes from Christopher Gardner who is sort of a quote machine whenever you want the negative quote about Keto and he's a passionate opponent of Keto which a scientist should not be uh like have an agenda they should go where the data leads them and he never mentions it it's never mentioned in the articles but he's the director of the plant-based diet initiative so most of the people that are very um passionate about only plant-based consumption are very anti-keto from almost like a faith-based uh side or they're very passionate about it now it's well known and has been known way before this conference paper that a ketogenic diet can increase LDL levels in somewhere between 20 and 30 percent of the people that do it so this is a known phenomena and it's important to note unlike that first sentence you read an elevation of LDL caused by a dietary change is not a strong predictor of heart disease at all and it certainly doesn't double the risk as the paper said that's just absolute nonsense there are a lot of other things besides LDL that change so you typically see a significant increase in HDL you typically see lower triglycerides and most importantly you see a change in the particle size of LDL LDL by itself tells you almost nothing unless it's like 600 or something and then you have an actual disease you have an inherited genetic disorder but for the vast majority of people LDL is meaningless without knowing particle size and particle count so you need to know a Poe B you need to know you know you need to know ldlp the number of particles just having your physician tell you what your total cholesterol is and what your LDL is is close to a waste of time and this will change but it takes 15 to 20 years for these changes to happen uh clinically which is a shame and then of course there's all kinds of other cardiovascular risk factors unrelated to cholesterol which they seem uninterested in but blood pressure insulin sensitivity inflammatory markers I'll typically get better so it's it's um a very bad piece of work and it's an intentional hit job by the reporter you know so there's she has there were personal wrote the article has no data has no paper to reference it's just uh oh good let's uh but the damage is done because the general public will see that and think aha you know and while we're talking about these biomarkers you know a simple calcium scan is useful and very predictive you know it's a non-invasive T CT scan that will tell you to what you what degree are you building plaque in your arteries and that's something that inexpensive easy to get and it's not a biomarker it actually shows the development of disease and then even within that there are different densities of calcium and there are new technologies now that will tell you well you have this kind of unsettling calcium score but the density is the following and you don't need to worry very much or you do right so things are more complicated than good cholesterol and bad cholesterol yeah so like you said there's there's uh quite a few issues with that so-called study I say so-called study because as you mentioned it's observational research and actually there's I don't know if you've heard of it but there's this substant called sensible medicine they also have a podcast and one of the things they hit last year that I thought was interesting is there's seven deadly sins of Journalism what they call journalism which is like churning out headlines based on different well often observational research and things like that and this this article hit uh committed a few of those deadly sins and one of them is mistaking correlation for causation which is like the most kind of fundamental thing um and then anything that has like dietary questionnaires um as kind of their source of data it's going to be ridiculously inaccurate um and then furthermore in that article they did the thing where about halfway through they've put a bunch of disclaimers and but then they they're like you know this can't show causation blah blah blah and you know it's different for everyone and blah blah and but then they pivot it's disclaim and pivot is one of the deadly sins so put the disclaimer but some quote people yeah right and then you have a giant photograph in the article of a young man clutching his oh yeah that's like the featured image at the top that's not a clue it's it's a hatchet job you know yeah the quote that you mentioned from uh Dr Gardner I guess I noticed that and I said I read that and I was like wow that's really weird it says this study provides an important contribution to the scientific literature which first of all sounds a little crazy because it's just like observational research and it's not you know very reliable of course this is not a paper or anything there's no paper there's no peer-reviewed Journal article yeah it's like a there's nothing yeah it hasn't been peer reviewed or anything yeah so he says it provides an important contribution and then says and suggests the harms outweigh the benefits said Christopher Gardner um and and so I'm like that's kind of laughable to say that this would be the reason why I don't suggest anything why you would say the harms of the ketogenic diet outweigh the benefits so I mean that's a bit the there's a bigger topic which is there's going to be tons of headlines um you know anti-keto or anti this or Pro that um one of the guys who runs sensible medicine name his name is vinay Prasad he's a professor of uh biostatistics and an oncologist um he wrote a book called ending medical reversal and he's written a bunch of scientific papers including one that showed that um well basically that a lot of the stuff we do in medicine is not always really that evidence-based and then if you really test it you kind of find the opposite and but then he's also talked a lot about how with um with like nutrients if you look at like coffee or blueberries or whatever there's plenty of like data out there where you can make any kind of headline you want um and absolutely in terms of coffee we'll say coffee will save you or coffee will kill you and blueberries will save you and blueberries will kill you and like all these different things and so there's always going to be these headlines um that because they're just trying to get the clicks and or may or there's two separate things there's sort of ignorance and dishonesty of the media and that's one thing right and we see that here right this is nothing to do with Scientists it's the media has an agenda you know uh don't eat meat meat's bad for the world cow flatulence is destroying the planet all that which is utter nonsense there's that whole angle problems with the media then there's the other angle problems with science and they both have problems and our uh we just interviewed on stem talk um John eunitis for the second time oh wow the first time we interviewed them I suggest you look it up uh it was a great interview and um you know he wrote maybe the most cited paper in Science History uh and the paper had something I'll get the title wrong but it was incredibly audacious title there was something like on why most scientific findings are false most are false and in particularly the false finding rate is super high in medical papers super high like 90 or something so there you go and um the statistics are tortured to get the result that the author knows the funding agency wants or that the author wants you see this in a lot of um you know we we had a few cases of that on stem talk where you start you have to start politely hence asking questions about the statistics and why the groups were put together they were and sometimes that's the end of the interview the guy hangs up and that's it you know um it's a problem and uh the problem is twofold problem with journalists absolutely almost no journalists left and the science itself has problems and they're they're different in in their nature yeah great points really good point um John initi's he's actually kind of worked with uh Dr vinay Prasad Prasad that I mentioned I think they've done some papers together that's what made me think of him when you mentioned Prasad I thought of you know news yeah yeah they have some connections um and they both harp on that like how poor quality uh the poor quality of a lot of research the second problem that you mentioned uh with the the way research is done and so forth um and then just back to the study for one quick second another thing I noticed is that the people that they looked at in their you know observational like you know looking at the data from I think it was England and maybe Canada I don't know exactly but that the people in the study were eating about 45 fat um and then later in the article they note that a ketogenic diet is usually 70 fat or higher um so it's like wait a minute it's not even a ketogenic diet uh yeah and there's there's no such thing as what the fat allocation is indicated during diet as we discussed earlier either you are in ketosis sorry you're not you know uh one of the best ketogenic diets is the nothing diet but you can't do it very long yeah and while we're on the topic of the uh like problems with research and and inflammatory headlines um there uh we don't have to spend much time on it but there was one the other day I mean I don't know when it started but there's some study or series of studies about erythritol where people which is a sweetener that's really common in keto products if you will low carb products yes um and in fact whole companies have basically been invented around or if created around like you know erythritol based ice cream or whatever um and so then there's this this these headlines about erythritol causing heart attacks and other adverse cardiac events which I looked at a little bit the other day and it's kind of laughable when you actually look at all the details but do you have any brief thoughts about that just that I'm in the same camp you are on that uh you know if there's an issue it's a minor issue and um it's the least of our concerns you know they these people write these things and there's they have no problem apparently with uh you know all kinds of other much more dangerous things people consume you know I don't recommend consuming a lot of artificial sweeteners I avoid them for the most part just because it keeps me he keeps me wanting things sweet right so if uh if you don't eat things that are blatantly sweet uh you're very tuned up things uh that used to not taste sweet taste sweeter um you know I really don't want to I'm not a fan of finding quote keto products that allow me to pretend I'm eating a candy giantic diet but still having my bread loaf of bread or this or that in general they're okay but I view them as Franken foods but the reason I don't eat them is because it it stimulates me to return to wanting these things right so if you start eating ketogenic sandwiches because the bread is somehow uh low carb uh then you know for me at least it would make me interested again in having bread and I've lost my interest in bread I don't want to regain it yeah for sure yeah so sweeteners in general you know may be better to avoid for the reasons you stated um just for the I'll see if I can do a really simple recap of what the erythritol thing was about just for the for the listener who may not know so the first step of it was basically um they were they were just looking for anything in the blood like people kind of observing like people that end up having these heart attacks and things what are some things that are elevated in their blood that we can kind of pinpoint and one of them was erythritol and I actually didn't remember this from biochemistry back in the day or whatever but but when I was looking at a little bit of analysis of that I realized you know erythritol can be elevated in the blood just endogenously your body makes it I guess it's through the pentose phosphate pathway so in other words when they looked at oh these people that have heart attacks have high erythritol levels they didn't even ask the question are they consuming erythritol or is it coming from their body they were all they noticed is that it was high in their bloodstream so that was kind of Step One of of what they did and then the second part the third part was actually in in a Petri dish basically like putting the erythritol on the blood and saying oh it makes it clap more and so maybe it's plausible or whatever and the middle part was like giving erythritol to people and seeing Oh does it raise their blood levels of erythritol yeah it does okay so then they they stitched those three things together and said it might you know increase your risk of heart attacks and so of course the the headlines are you know out of control I'm sure right yeah and when you think about how their study was conducted it clearly had the goal of showing that erythritol was problematic yeah these kind of studies it's very hard you know I mean uh yeah I heard somebody the other day complaining about the United States um you know uh was terrible because we did worse than um some undeveloped country uh in the response to covid in terms of the fatality rate well all of their theories were nonsense if you just look at the age distribution the primary problem is in the elderly and the United States population is much more elderly than the countries they were comparing it to also much more obese but neither where was what they wanted to talk about you know they wanted to talk about something else the two elephants in the room were just ignored right just don't look over there right I mean Italy got clobbered they have maybe the oldest population in Europe you know age is the primary driver of all disease you know it's a risk factor for everything you I can't think of a disease well there's a few but they're obscure for most chronic disease age is is the primary risk factor yeah yeah so lots of lots of problems with the way that research is done and the way that research is reported so um now one more thing about the ketogenic diet so kind of switching back to that um a question that comes up a lot um is what about Ketone supplements if you will or the exogenous ketones um and I know there's different types they're still relatively new I mean now it's been a few years certainly that there's various ones available but I mean I don't know maybe like five to seven years ago it was pretty unheard of like only if small subset of people had ever tried these things and I guess they tasted terrible and whatnot they're still relatively new but there's certainly some research showing some potential benefits but what are your kind of big picture thoughts about where they fit in with nutritional ketosis yeah that that's an important question um we do a lot of research here on exogenous ketones so both for health issues and but mostly for the military for both performance and resilience like to head injury things like that so uh you know it's a big area of work here I mean we looked at every kind of exogenous Ketone you can imagine and basically they fall into a few categories so the one the Public's most familiar with are Ketone salts and uh these don't taste horrible they can be made to taste good and they slightly Elevate the Ketone level you know if a person is you know doing some form of low carb and they drink a ketone salt from a reputable maker it'll bump them up into ketosis low ketosis like 0.6.7 maybe even 0.8 millimolars that's kind of high but in that range the Ketone monoester that was developed at NIH and also Oxford was involved but Richard Veach was the primary developer uh that's very potent the monoester that'll put you around five millimolars uh very quickly and you'll stay high five or six mil millimeters for hours and then there'll be a slow tapering off um that's that one is expensive very potent that's the one that's typically used like in the Tour de France and races like that tastes Dreadful and cannot be made to taste anything better than Dreadful the uh early versions of it were worse than Dreadful then there's um other kinds of exogenous ketones that are not technically Esters but that are still blends of one three butane all the beta hydroxybutyrate one or two of those are quite palatable you asked also about how it relates to the diet you know the truth of the matter is scientific Community is still trying to understand to what extent does the ingestion of an exogenous Ketone replicate the diet and so far in about 15 things that have been looked at it does tend to replicate the diet except one thing so for sure uh you know you drink your exogenous Ketone if it is at all effective it ought to shut off the pollicis and uh La palaces is the reason that some people are drinking these so if you see people wearing their shirt in the airport and it said the brand name you know it had their brand on it and then it said fat burning machine uh no as soon as you drink that that stops so why are they losing weight are they losing weight drinking it yes because it strongly depresses appetite so are they losing weight sure I absolutely believe that that they lost weight but it's not because of elevated lipolysis the uh you know there's a feedback system and when you drink that lipolysis in most cases goes to zero or near zero so that is one difference and uh we're interested in really elevated Ketone levels for things like uh Dementia or for preventing traumatic brain injury the sequelia you'll still have the blow like if you mess up your parachute jump and you hit your head but will the downstream damage be as severe if you were first dosed with a heavy dose of a ketone Ester and we'll know that in soon we're doing those studies now we've also looked at ketones at altitude and there's a benefit uh to the Warfighter that's operating say on a mountain uh in terms of cognitive performance in reaction time yeah so so maybe maybe it would be fair to say that the Ketone exogenous ketones or the Ketone supplements are a little bit more about performance than about like trying to lose weight because they're at least temporarily going to like slow down fat burning do through the feedback mechanism now I know how they have some like glycemic benefits so the diabetic patient could maybe still benefit even if they're not much more fat or what have you and that's part of the advantage right so you these people aren't lying they do lose weight uh I think it has to do with glycemic control and with appetite suppression yeah fair enough yeah it is interesting all the different potential benefits and of course not too long ago it was like this totally un Uncharted water of like what happens when you put this into your body from the outside because normally it was always coming only from the inside and that's interesting that you mentioned how much longer the Esters last versus the Ketone salt so I'm sure like the the ones that seem affordable or relatively inexpensive or probably always those Ketone salts I'm assuming out there on the market the salts are typically powdered and the Esters are typically a liquid of course the chemistry is entirely different but uh the Esters and uh are typically much more efficacious much more expensive and tastes much worse okay um so why don't we move on move back to or move on to the topic of intermittent fasting um and a few things to hit here and eventually I want to ask a couple follow-up questions about um what you said about it earlier um about the difference between intermittent fasting and kind of prolonged fasting especially as people age but first what are your kind of overall thoughts about interviewing Dr Matson I guess maybe a couple times that I don't remember if you were the interviewer a lot of times but uh and also Dr Fung has been on your program uh once not too long ago and then I'm sure some some other people on there maybe talked about fasting in some context but uh what are your kind of your big picture thoughts about the research that they've either done or the clinical experience that they have depending on which person we're talking about mm-hmm uh Sachin Panda also uh of his episode was largely about that but he's the Tre the time restricted eating sort of Peru uh and Mark Matson is one of my favorite uh scientists working in that space he's very very solid been solid a long time and is uh highly trusted uh scientist so yeah I'm a fan of all of those folks um fungus more on the clinical side and uh the other two are more on the basic uh research side all three I think are are excellent and intermittent fasting I believe can be helpful for a lot of people partly is uh you know even when people are trying to get into the kin Jank diet I often suggest that they intermittently fast to get going because after 12 hours you're probably in very mild ketosis after 16 hours you know you're you might actually be in full-blown ketosis and that's everyone including Mark Matson thinks that that's where some of the benefit to intermittent fasting derives from is it's a safe way of doing intermittent ketogenic dieting like you were talking about but I don't think is a great idea is you know trying to do it intermittently by what you eat you know if you want to do it intermittently intermediating fast the intermittent fasting does that and uh the problem I have with uh fasting is that you probably have friends like this I have friends like this if they think that 16 8 is good then they think well what about uh 24-0 or why don't I go three days and have a lot of autophagy and uh that I don't think is good particularly as I said if you're if you're you know not a spring chicken anymore um I don't think that's a great idea yeah so it sounds like well I mean first of all you you uh you noted that there were a lot of interesting you know potential benefits that they had cited on those interviews and and so forth and that some of them have done a lot of research I am familiar with Dr Sachin Panda I just kind of forgot temporarily that he'd been on your podcast because I've heard him elsewhere and I read his book called the Circadian code um but yeah um and that some of the benefits may come from the ketones um obviously there are other other mechanisms like with a diabetic patient of just letting that sugar come down letting that insulin come down and and the ketones may play a role in that of course in some ways um and then it sounds like your main concern if you will is basically the idea of like if people get into these prolonged fasts especially if they're up in age where the cars are kind of stacked against them in terms of maintaining lean mass maintaining strength and muscle mass and that sort of thing um I guess a couple a couple little subtopics I'd want to throw at you and just kind of see what you think um because I've I've kind of written about this elsewhere is um there are a few things that kind of mitigate the potential muscle loss from a prolonged fast one of those is ketones because I guess ketones have a you know an anti-catabolic effect so kind of help they're not so anabolic they're anti-catabolic yeah so the elevated ketones um kind of helps you preserve muscle mass another thing would be I mean there's the growth hormone thing I know sometimes that's kind of exaggerated because it depends on like what population you're talking about that's you know that's kind of a very difficult subject as you know because growth hormone is incredibly pulsatile very fleeting uh the pulsive pulses are usually at night what you're measuring when you measure this is igf-1 and uh fasting and ketogenic diets lower igf-1 quite a bit about 30 percent uh in some cases in you know lower igf-1 is generally associated with extended lifespan but it's another one of those things you don't want it too low it's like a bathtub curve you know somebody over here with high igf-1 that's a problem and somebody over here with super low igf-1 I believe it's a problem both for um you know your sort of muscle mass issue but everything else too when it's really low that's a problem now not everyone agrees with that there are people who want to drive their igf-1 to zero if they could but I think that's a mistake there's no single thing right we're super super complicated organism with tons of trade-offs you know so you can optimize one thing and make a huge mess over here you know you could say all they care about is autophagy or all I care about is you know one thing and that usually leads to uh a bad outcome yeah that's a good point like if you were doing prolonged fast just because you want autophagy then you might have be having some trade-offs that are not necessarily ideal now um like in the case of Dr Fung um as an example like he has a ton of clinical research using fasting to help people put diabetes and type 2 diabetes and remission um and one of the things I've heard not from him necessarily but from um I think it was actually Dr bickman but maybe there's some other people have talked about this which is when you do a prolonged fast um if you have like depending on the percentage of body fat that you have when you start basically the more fat that you have like the more percentage of your energy demands are going to come from the fat during the prolonged fast and so that kind of speaks to the fact that maybe a certain population of people um kind of get that greater benefit than harm you know if they have enough body fat to kind of make it worthwhile to do this prolonged fast um yeah and and that population the diminution at least in the short term the diminution of protein synthesis is probably less of a problem than their obesity exactly but when it comes to um you know when when we talk about I'm talking about prolonged fasting here when you talk about prolonged fasting and the elevation of ketones and that ketones are anti-catabolic which they are uh it doesn't mean there's no catabolism if you're not eating protein the that's the rub there so the reason why when a guy on a ketogenic diet for example you see wrestlers maintaining a lot of muscle mass they're eating a lot of protein and they're in ketosis you know and uh you know you're not eating any bread or potatoes if you plan to make weight unless you're a heavyweight right if you're like a middleweight or a lightweight you don't touch that stuff you won't make weight uh so the the anti-catabolic aspect of ketones is fascinating and uh that's really uh uh work uh one of the authors of that paper is was here in fact at item C and I think it's really interesting work yeah so I think kind of zooming out for a second from some of the stuff we've been talking about I think um we could probably say that intermittent fasting also known as time restricted eating if a modest amount of that is probably beneficial for most people it can certainly kind of be one one tool in the toolbox for reducing body fat among other benefits and when we get into the prolonged fast where it's like multiple days there's going to be a risk benefit analysis and so at certain populations that would maybe get a bigger benefit than any downside from that whereas other people it would flip and it's especially someone who's thin or lean who it doesn't make sense to do very much of it because you're probably going to be losing too much of your lean body mass and that's where I've kind of kind of realized that more and more over the last few years you know because I'm kind of in that middle age where it's like well you know what if I'm not obese I don't need to be doing a lot of prolonged fasting maybe once in a blue moon you know just to kind of because there are also some interesting benefits of extended fasting as you probably know um that there's of course we talked about the autophagy which kind of you know ramps up by like the third day or whatever of a prolonged fast and then there's some autoimmune benefits as Dr Walter Longo has uh discussed maybe on your podcast maybe elsewhere um in terms of like Crohn's disease and multiple sclerosis um and and others um and obviously like really really high Ketone levels which may have some interesting benefits and you know apoptosis organ shrinking and kind of regenerating and oh oops I hit my microphone hopefully that wasn't too loud but um but anyway that that all kind of fits into the kind of the analysis on an individual basis I guess of like whether it the benefit is greater than the risk um depending on what kind of medical issues you're dealing with how obese you are and and so forth well I'm uh I'm fasting right now today is uh today is a Time restricted eating day for me and so I last ate uh at five o'clock last night and uh it's um 2 30 here so that's a pretty long fast yeah yeah yeah and close to 24 hours you're getting close there so yeah and I'm gonna uh when we finish I'm gonna have a uh an early dinner have seafood dinner and I like uh I like drunch you know people talk about brunch yeah not so exciting drunch right I think I claimed that phrase like 20 years ago drunch great yeah drunch or you could call it liner that was that's always the debate which term do you use but anyway um yeah what was I gonna say oh yeah so I wanted to connect this back to your comments earlier about the protein because in a ketogenic diet classically it was like really really high fat um and then so the protein ended up being kind of low if you have 90 of your calories from fat um and then as you mentioned it's probably better to have quite a bit more protein and kind of prioritize that and make that the Cornerstone of your ketogenic diet and then when we talk about intermittent fasting I run into this all the time which it which is something which is um people are trying to lose weight of course like that's the most common reason why they get interested in fasting or a ketogenic diet and so often those people will be like oh yeah I'm doing the whatever schedule 16 8 um maybe maybe with or without low carb and I'm counting my calories um and so they're like kind of limiting what they're eating even in their eating window and then surely partially due to the kind of the brainwashing from the media and so forth about you know meat versus plants and about saturated fat and all those things surely they're sometimes also not getting enough protein or not getting enough bioavailable good quality protein and so that kind of that becomes an important part of the discussion when we talk about you know these people who may be losing some of their lean body mass some of their muscle if they do too much fasting and the too much fasting could fall into various buckets whether it's like doing the prolonged fast too often for their body type or maybe like one meal a day which is kind of a popular thing sometimes for for certain groups so it's like regardless of what kind of fasting you're doing you really need to prioritize the protein and not be kind of like trying to limit your overall food intake because if you're like spending a lot of time not eating then you gotta like really get that protein in in there the rest of the time so that you can make those deposits into your bank account as you put it um kind of retain that strength because yeah what do people die from in old age well a lot of times they can't move around and they get so deconditioned and then they're just at a high risk of everything right yeah I I fear death much less than I fear loss of freedom you know so when I I visit my friends I'll have a friend that just passed on in fact with dementia and uh this week when I visit him you know uh he had no freedom and uh he lost his freedom uh he lost his freedom due to dementia a lot of the people that are in there with him lost their freedom due to Frailty and the inability to take care of himself and it's because they can't get up if they get in the chair they're stuck in the chair if God forbid they fall they're going to lay there until somebody rescues them um I'd like to kick that can down the road as far as I can yeah it I mean the statistics are pretty staggering like once you if you fall down and if an elderly person falls down and breaks their hip then bad news you know usually they're dead before too long um I don't know I don't remember the exact statistics but and these are frail people with very little muscle uh very poor bone density and typically and very poor muscle structure around the bones you know if muscle helps you a lot when you fall yeah and it helps you not fall so one of the big differences between a younger person and an older person with respect to muscle is most of the muscle you lose as you age at least initially is fast twitch fiber and that's the fiber you need to recover your balance when a young person awkwardly steps off the curb they so quickly recover their balance they have a lot of fast twitch muscle they can activate it very effectively and you hardly notice that there they almost fell when an older person does that they do fall or they sort of stagger you've seen like run forward to get their balance because their fast twitch muscle is largely dissipated in your older years and it starts dissipating around 30 years old I mean uh in high school if you could jump up and touch the rim by the time you're 30 you can't but your your squat might be the same or more all right so uh it's not strength you lose power at about twice the rate you lose strength and you lose strength much faster than you lose mass mass is the end but so it's power then strength and Mass very interesting in terms of the rate yeah and that kind of fits the idea of like why you're more likely to fall down as you explained you know if you can't like adjust right here you know kick your foot forward to kind of catch yourself because you can't you just switch fast enough um so uh so you were talking a little bit about um we're going to wrap this up very soon but just kind of a few final points to hit so you were kind of alluding to things some things about healthy aging and one of those is maintaining your your strength your um and I think um I don't actually I don't know for sure if you're currently working on a book about healthy aging or if it's if it's going to the publisher what the well I've put it in Hiatus uh the the book was uh about maintaining uh lean strong uh body into old age and um I'm struggling frankly and uh some of my friends have just released books and they had the same struggle um I don't want to do one of these fluffy uh books full of BS and no references and you know not very solid science maybe full of recipes um pictures of uh of people lifting weights or something that's not me and so you know I've been sort of struggling with how how to make the book accessible and pleasurable to read otherwise there's no point in doing it and yet having it be as best we can do now we'll know more later but as scientifically accurate incredible and not having it be uh you know deathly dense and uh and uh unpleasant to read and this isn't just something I have to sort out it's something that I have to then come to an agreement with the publisher on right so the Publishers typically push you to make a very fluffy book with the cutesy putsy title and uh if I go to an academic publisher they want the opposite right they want uh a very very rigorous book uh that only 12 people will read and I'm trying to find sort of uh you know I'm not doing the book for for um for financial reasons right so I'm trying to find a path and um when I started on the project the ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting where uh much less in the public eye so I I'm rethinking uh what to focus on uh in the book and I've taken sort of a Hiatus and uh but it it'll be along those lines you know it's it's important when people hear someone talk about the importance of muscle mass with aging they think just about what we've talked about so far right they think about mobility and Independence and not falling but one of the other big drivers is as a glycogen star you know so you see very lean very athletic people who win age group racists in cross-country skiing or or running you know endurance running and they have diabetes or the pride pre-diabetic because they have almost no muscle so muscle is one of your muscle and liver is one of your primary stores and uh this is another issue with respect to glycogen levels that I think doesn't get enough uh attention yeah good points um so I want to be respectful of your time I know we've gone quite a while here so are there any kind of final points you wanted to make about either the healthy aging you were talking about or intermittent fasting or even the ketogenic diet anything that we haven't already addressed I think we addressed most of it you know the this is the way I want to go happy happy happy happy dead you want to avoid this curve yeah where they put you in a wheelchair and push you in front of daytime TV yeah for sure uh so so we've made definitely not the way we want to go um so so we mentioned earlier you mentioned I mentioned uh your podcast is called stem talk um and that's you've been doing that in conjunction with ihmc you and Don cornigas or the typical hosts on there interviewing a bunch of people about many science related things including nutrition ketogenic diets fasting but also interesting things like space travel um and other physics topics perhaps um and uh and I've learned a lot from that there's a lot of great episodes um you know some of them are pretty reasonably accessible even to the layperson probably in terms of kind of understanding the main topics I think that's one of the purposes that you had is to kind of kind of get the scientific information out there to the public but so it's it's a great podcast but is there anything you want to kind of mention about it to the listeners well I appreciate you mentioning it you know our goal is to communicate the science accurately without having it mediated by a journalist so the idea is that uh we try to pick the guest not always but usually the guest is in a different field than either Don or ion our academic training I mean is usually in three different fields and that's on purpose because we we want there to be the need to do a little explaining but not too much explaining in other words we want to assume basic scientific literacy I know it limits the audience but we don't this is meant to be a podcast where you get to listen in to a conversation between three scientists but they're in different fields and so there does need to be you know some explication well what does that mean uh otherwise as you know science has got so much jargon that even if you're a scientist you can't understand what the other one is saying because the jargon is so dissimilar yeah yeah good point and that's probably uh probably does help that you're in different fields and so there's at least a little bit of of additional explanation and I know in some episodes like Jeff will like for example did a really good job of kind of explaining things as if people don't really know much about it kind of really giving the the context and I'm sure some of the other guests have done that as well so great podcast people should definitely check that out and is there anything else you want to kind of mention uh other places to find you or other things you're working on well you can always check out ihmc's website and uh and uh also our YouTube channel has millions of uh views you can check that out but uh thank you for uh having me on your show it was a fun conversation yeah I really appreciate you coming on I'm sure people if they make it all the way to the hour and 40 minute Mark which we're about to hit then they will have learned a lot yeah they'll need some ketones yeah they'll need some ketones to make it through yeah all right thanks again and uh take care Ken thank you bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @lepsizdravi [2 likes]: Great interview. Thank you.
  2. @FastingWell [1 likes]: For some additional context about the fasting discussion, listen to the intro on the audio podcast version, found here:  https://fastingwell.com/episode51/
  3. @Duwaza [1 likes]: With that voice he could also have a great career as a radio host 😂
Thank you for the interview!
  4. @awesometulips9427 [1 likes]: WOW! Great info, Dr Ford is a world known ketones expert 👍

- Ketogenic Diet safe for SENIORS ? (It Depends...): Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Dr Barry let's discuss for a few minutes is the ketogenic diet safe for seniors I myself am 50 years old at the making of this video I have many many patients in my clinic who are 50 60 70 80 even 90 years old and the question is becoming more and more common is it safe for me to eat keto if I am over 50 over 60 over 70 over 80 and so I wanted to make this video to expl explain to you why I think it's very safe and why I think it's probably the best diet you can choose at that age so if you know someone who is 50 60 70 80 90 100 uh my my oldest patient recently went to heaven she was 107 years old and she was progressively lowering her carbohydrate intake even then if you know someone who's over 50 60 70 who is considering trying to keep enic diet for weight loss or for all the other hundreds of health benefits that it can offer please share this video with them you you're welcome to share this video in your keto groups your low carb group your Banting your carnivore group anywhere on social media that you think you can help me to help more people now let's talk about this as we get older without exception this this applies to all of us including me darn it we become more insulin resistant as we get older that's that's a known medical fact on average we get more insulin resistant uh we become more likely to suffer from chronic inflammation we uh don't absorb vitamins and minerals in out of our gastrointestinal system as readily and so we need really need to make sure we're getting the vitamins and minerals and other nutrients that we need in our diets in large enough amounts we tend to lose muscle mass if we're not being very vigilant about this we tend to lose bone density which is also a very big deal and I actually talk about that in another video on this channel uh we also become more likely to suffer from vitamin and mineral deficiencies those are all the things that are going to happen to all of us as we get older if we don't eat the proper diet and live the proper lifesty so really my question is at what better age uh should you do a ketogenic diet this the the ketogenic diet that I recommend is a whole food real food fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet and I think that that's going to give anyone age 50 or older all the vitamins minerals protein essential fatty acids essential amino acids that they need for their best health uh now there are many Scare Tactics that you'll see out there in the in the mainstream media and other expert uh YouTube channels or websites and let's go over a few of those and let's talk about the common sense and the logic behind these first you'll hear oh there's no research that shows that keto safe for your age group that's absolutely true but here's what you may not have ever heard before or ever thought about there is no research showing that the standard American diet is safe for seniors to eat yeah this is just a big experiment that we started about 60 years ago of eating all these carbohydrates and no one knows if it's safe or not the research has never been done there's no research that shows that the American Diabetes Association diet is safe for seniors or for diabetics even for that matter there's no research that shows that the American medic heart association's DASH diet is safe in seniors and actually there's research that's come out that shows that cutting your salt as much as the AHA wants you to is that is actually bad for you it lowers your lifespan lowers your health span it's bad for even people with congestive heart failure to limit their salt intake as much as the AHA wants you to so there's no research backing up any of these diets and so it makes sense to me since there's no compelling research that shows that any one diet is better than the other that we should try to mimic the diet that our ancestors have eaten for the last 250,000 years and in my mind that's a fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet now the next thing you'll hear is that keto is very hard very restrictive it's hard to do most people can't do it um and I want to enlist my my other uh listeners for this if you are doing keto and you're 50 or older I want you to put in the comments if you think keto is restrictive or hard okay and if you're new to this way of eating and you're like I don't know if I can do this I want you to read some of the comments below because I have found uh the ketogenic way of eating uh currently I'm doing a very fatty meat heavy brand of Keto called carnivore I find it to be fun and delicious and enjoyable I can't wait to sit down to my next meal I also don't have any problem fasting because I'm eating so much good healthy fat I'm just not hungry and so that really helps a lot I think I find the ketogenic way of eating to be very easy and I think you'll see in the comments that thousands of other people find it to be also very easy as well uh you hear the it oh saturated fat is very bad for you first of all you can get saturated fat in vegetables and in meats you can get the you can get saturated fat both places uh actually fatty meat like red meat like pork like lamb like pork are also have plenty of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats as well as saturated fat they're actually the Perfect Blend of all the good healthy fats that you need and so that's that's where you find fat now the research is the research showing that Fat's bad for you there's some there's some very cursory research that that might show a correlation but when you actually dig into this data it's um basically all biased by the researcher's opinion that you should eat a plant-based diet and the the research is just ridiculous trying to prove that that fatty meat is bad for you I don't I don't find any research that compels me to wor about eating lots of fatty meat the next you'll hear is oh Salt's bad for you and so there's a lot of salt in in keto and they encourage you to eat lots of salt and again I already alluded to this above um also a great book if you'd like to learn about the the human need for salt is the salt fix by Dr James D nickol Antonio this is a great book I'll put a link down in the show notes um salt is good for you we need salt if you prick your finger and taste your blood it's salty it's supposed to to be salty mammals need lots of salt to be healthy it's just a myth that got started again about 50 60 years ago that salt's bad for you and even though human beings have eaten as much salt as they could get their hands on for a quarter of a million years now the fat is to limit your salt and that's just exactly what it is it's fat it's based on no meaningful research uh whatsoever so if your goals as a senior are to increase your mental Acuity to try to decrease your risk of dementia if your goal is to increase your bone density not only your bone density but your bone strength if your goal is to increase your muscle tone and your muscle mass if your goal is to decrease chronic inflammation in your body then I think you found the right place I think keto is for you uh you should at least give it a six or an eight week try and I think at the end of that time you're going to feel so much better that you'll know this is the way of eating that you should follow for the rest of your life which I predict will be long and healthy and happy and full of Adventures now if you enjoyed this video please take one second and click that subscribe button and click the little Bell right beside it that way every time I get a bright idea you'll be one of the very first to know and also I want to give a big thank you to my patrons on my patreon website you guys have made life so much easier for me you've made it so possible for me to help so many other people with your generous offer and I I thank you so much for that if you'd like to sign up to be a patron the link is right down below you can sign up very quickly and throw a buck or two my way this is Dr Barry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @User-4-mn3or [1 likes]: I'm 76 and just 2 weeks into it. Not feeling great after being vegetarian 25 years. But not quitting! Down 8 pounds in 2 weeks. Amazing!!
  2. @fgzfresh: how do u start out when u r so addicted to all the crap
  3. @lcv551: Please soak on water & sodium bicarbonate your veggies and rinse 
Them for a second soak on water white vinegar and rinse. Even ready wash and organically grown. There is no honesty from companies anymore.  
 As for me 
I am doing a parasite cleansing. I try a balance diet with carbs and started on September 2025, now Feb. 2026 10lbs up and feeling like acid reflux and heavy. Carbs are addicting. I am
Also ditching sugar substitutes from a keto diet because I don’t like the bloating and health risk. And just maybe Allulose mini cake for my B-Day. 
Or just a big steak with a candle.*
Stay strong and I am going back to my mind set of toxic beautiful plastic food, dead food everywhere.
No easy right now. My family eats the American diet and bread chips fry food is normal. I have to watch and think how nasty is that process food and sit at the table and say my stomach hurts if I eat the burger bun. And no fries for me is an easy one. My stomach do not like it will pay after a couple hours with heaviness overindulge bursting feeling . 
I am a petite size female. 
My body keeps memory for fasting prolong hours. It helps. 
I am also experiencing poor sleep. 
Not worthy to live with pains and aches and deprived sleep. 
Dear Lord help every person seeking for hope strength and the right information here, 
to thrive and reach a good, strong mind and goals and health. 
Your not alone. I want my easy life not feeling discomfort nothing after eating and full of energy. 
It is worthy. Priceless 😊
  4. @maisiechristiansen7948: 58 years old and no longer losing weight even on keto. I don't know what's wrong. I am incrementally gaining weight every single day. I only eat 2. meals a day. I don't know what's going on, I use to lose weight but now I'm just gaining and gaining and gaining incrementally.
  5. @User-4-mn3or: And it's less expensive!!!! Saving $$$$$
  6. @nan9113: I’m sure I won’t get a response because this video is quite old but here goes. I’m 66 and I was losing weight quite well with a low-carb diet and very rarely ate carbs. The only carbs I was getting was through protein bars. I have a problem that I will sometimes stop the diet and take a couple weeks off and eat whatever I want and then it takes so long to get back to ketosis again I’ve been back on keto for three weeks now and I’m still not in ketosis. I’m urinating like crazy but not losing a pound. Did I mess myself up, I’ve heard that you can do this, and it will ruin your ability to lose weight ever again on low-carb diets if you go back-and-forth is this true?
  7. @nancyr45: Waooo awesome inspiring comments I will do keto I been on low carb
  8. @douglaswallace7680: ( Only for me )This former carb addict says   DO   NOT   go cold turkey cutting down carbs to less than 20% of your calorie intake .  Transition for me was  VERY  difficult !   Constantly slipping back .
Purge the pantry of evil foods and eat only meats and veggies ?  Not to scare anybody off ,  like I said ,  this was only my story .  The withdrawl experience for me was MASSIVE !  It took a full 5 days of clenched teeth and sweat .   Dr. B. asked the question :  "Do I think Keto is restrictive ?"   I now go into  A N Y    G R O C E R Y     S T O R E    and find out that 75% of the store is    O F F    L I M I T S    to this plan !  Baking aisle ,   GONE .  Cereal aisle ,  GONE .  Chips ,  Cookies ,  Ice Cream ,  GONE .
  9. @peterfrancisharris: At 72, keto is easier, simpler, cheaper, tastier, and you are never hungry. Also, you never seem burdened by a dysfunctional digestive system. You hardly notice you are digesting anything.
  10. @joncharles5182: Very easy way of eating.  Not hungry like when I diet…
  11. @starletta8293: salt is good as long as it’s real salt and not table salt which is man made and raises bp, real salt does not raise bp.
  12. @bevjensen2913: I did Dirty Keto in 2019 which was a poor choice. Too much Keto junk food. 2025 I am doing Cleaner Keto/Mediterranean along with IF. Doing well with weight loss and inflammation.  Female 69yrs old. Thanks Dr Berry!
  13. @Patterns.and.principles: I’m 69. Keto is easy.
  14. @JillieMattiou: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  15. @GerfeScreaton: Finding the ‘woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth’ ebook should be your top priority, even if it’s the last thing you do in life
  16. @QuintonCufbin: Drop whatever you are doing and go read the book Womans’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, its absolutely life changing, trust me on this
  17. @HeidieWalrche: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  18. @BlanchMofraft: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  19. @MaticaMorde: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  20. @GabbieLauxmfann: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!

- Ketogenic Diet for Dementia: Exploring the Connection to Brain Health: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Dr Lewis and let's talk about the interesting topic of using ketogenic diet to prevent or to even treat Dementia in particular Alzheimer's disease uh and maybe you heard about keto diet as a treatment for epilepsy but there's lots of Interest now in how to use keto diet for the treatment prevention of Dementia or treatment of dementia and Alzheimer's disease so let's look at what do we know okay why why would we even think about keto diet for dementia uh and it comes down to a few essential body functions so mitochondrial function uh improved insulin sensitivity weight loss and reduced inflammation uh and all of these are super important because they fit what we know about how dementia takes place and unfolds so it's like reducing those kind of root causes of dementia so first of all let's look at cognitive functions so there are several clinical studies uh which suggest that the ketogenic can improve cognitive function for people with mild cognitive impairment or with early stage Alzheimer's yay right so that's just using food uh and those improvements are for for example for memory attention executive function uh and the research is Young and of course we need more but that's like so hopeful that food and and can be helpful for dementia because it's such a painful and difficult condition for the individual and also for family and also gives us a clue if you want to prevent dementia this is something you can do right lower your carbon take another thing is reduction of amalo plaques right so as a major Hallmark of Alzheimer's disease uh is this accumul of these amalo plaques and because Ketone diet like you know ketogenic diet uh is good for the mitochondria and reduces oxidative stress somehow all of that together helps to get rid of some of those uh plugs also ketogenic diet can help our mitochondria mitochondria are the tiny little organel inside the cells which make energy and also they detoxify they take harmful things out uh and when we're on a keto diet which produces ketones um we're not running on glucose right and it's a cleaner energy source right so mitochondria don't have as much work let's clean up for the mitochondria uh and they can focus on other things right and because in dementia glucose metabolism is problematic uh switching to ketones can be a big relief for the brain and that comes with improved cognitive function right and anything really that reduces oxidative stress anything that reduces inflammation also can slow the progression of dementia right so we know inflammation is a significant contributor to dementia and we know that ketogenic diet can have an anti-inflammatory effect right so it also like you could do a really poor keto diet or like a good keto diet but the healthy reasonable keto diet will lower inflammation and that will slow down the progression of Dementia or other neurodegenerative diseases like dementia okay another reason to consider keto diet for dementia is that the keto diet is good for the gut microbiome right so we in general eat way too much sugar and carbs and that causes all kinds of disruptions and the wrong things growing the wrong parts of our Digest of track so if you switch to keto it balances all of that out right so the gut is happier and healthier and with a healthier gut you can see benefits for Alzheimer's and Dementia so it also may like help with better production of the good neurotransmitters you want you know Gaba um and if you reduce inflammation in the gut and in the body you reduce the inflammation in the brain ALS also there's this idea about high carb diets causing glycation uh of a protein called Apple lipoprotein e okay so this glycation basically messes with the ability of this uh protein to transport lipids to brain cells and that can damage the cells and cause cell death and keto diet improves all of this by lowering this glycation thing uh so especially for people who have the uh E4 variant of the appal lipoprotein e uh this might be like particularly important because that variant increases risk for dementia so what are some tips for considering ketogenic diet number one consult with a health care provider right especially if someone has dementia right it's a very vulnerable time right so it's important to have help a dietitian a medical person who can track uh Labs overall make sure it's reasonable right then you can monitor Ketone levels right by using these Ketone meters either in for the blood or urine right some way of tracking are you actually in ketosis um another thing to consider is to do the healthy version of Keto right with like clean fats you know olive oil and avocados rather than like really living on like conventional bacon the whole time right so Al having vegetables having like a reasonable diet overall another thing is very important to stay well hydrated and to maintain like reasonable electrolyte balance because the ketogenic diet can really like affect things and change things in the body so overall keto diet may offer like a totally new and gentler approach to protecting brain from cognitive decline and a non-medication non-toxic way of uh helping someone who already has early signs of dementia right it takes work it takes effort it takes thoughtfulness um but it's worth doing whatever is possible because dementia is such a difficult condition and so heartbreaking so for all of us you know can start now right to just eat less sugar like less kbby right so maybe not full-blown keto for most of us right but keto is or trending towards keto or just you know lower carb um and healthier overall and then for people with you know mild cognitive decline a trial a full keto diet for people with the Mana a trial a full keto diet makes sense based on what we understand about the me mechanisms or kind of the root causes contributing to dementia and what this way of eating can do to reverse those root causes

  Top Comments:
  1. @Y-Browsing [2 likes]: It would have been helpful to define Keto diet first, as I didn't know what it was. Thanks.
  2. @kenadams5504 [1 likes]: Keto can prevent the Alzheimers gene Apoe4 from being Expressed (manifesting symptoms) .
  3. @kodowdus: So the gut is healthier without "carbs"?  Maybe it's time to take a deeper dive into the world of carbohydrates...
  4. @konstantinosstavropoulos3605: good
  5. @Health-And-Diabetes: The word keto is a confusing thing. Some people think keto is eating meat and eggs. No plant-based foods at all.

- Keto & Longevity: The Secret to Healthy Aging: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered how the keto diet can support healthy aging and Longevity well you're not alone many are curious about the intersection of diet and aging and how our food choices can influence the longevity of Our Lives the ketogenic or keto diet is a low car high-fat diet that's been gaining popularity in recent years it's not just a fat it's a lifestyle Choice that's backed by science this diet has been shown to impact various aspects of Health from weight loss to brain function but did you know that it could also play a crucial role in aging Yes you heard that right the keto diet could hold the key to not just living longer but also living healthier and happier in the upcoming segments we'll explore the potential benefits of the keto diet for aging touching upon scientific evidence expert opinions and real life experiences stay tuned as we delve deeper into the science of Keto and aging what exactly is the keto diet and how does it work let's let's break it down the ketogenic or keto diet is a high-fat moderate protein and very low carb eating plan it's designed to shift your body's Metabolism from burning carbohydrates for energy to burning fat a state known as ketosis picture your body as a car most of us are running on gasoline or carbohydrates it's our primary fuel but what if we run out of gas well our bodies have a backup system they start burning fat for fuel this is similar to a car switching to its reserve tank that's what the keto diet aims to do it limits the carbohydrates intake forcing the body to switch to its reserve tank burning fat for energy now let's quickly dive into the foods you'll be eating on the keto diet we're talking about foods rich in healthy fats like avocados olive oil and fatty fish you'll also consume moderate amounts of protein from sources like eggs and lean meats but hold on to your bread baskets because carbs are kept to a minimum that means limiting intake of bread pasta and sugary foods but what does this mean for your body when you reduce your carb intake your body enters a metabolic State called ketosis in ketosis your body becomes incredibly efficient at burning fat for energy it also turns fat into ketones in the liver which can supply energy for the brain some potential benefits of ketosis include weight loss improved mental Clarity and sustained energy levels it's like giving your body a full system upgrade but remember remember everybody is unique and the way each body responds to a diet can vary it's always essential to listen to your body and consult with a healthc care professional before starting any new diet now that we know what the keto diet entails what does science say about its impact on Aging we've consulted some of the leading experts in the field to understand the connection between keto and aging diving head first into the nitty-gritty let's hear from the experts themselves Dr Olivia green a renowned new nutritional scientist explains that the ketogenic diet has been linked to improved brain health by reducing carbs and increasing fats the body enters a state of ketosis which can lead to enhanced cognitive function this she suggests can be a significant factor in promoting healthy aging next we have Dr Samuel Henderson a gerontologist who has spent over two decades exploring the relationship between diet and aging he emphasizes the potential of the keto diet to slow down the aging process by reducing inflammation a key contributor to age related diseases the ketogenic diet Dr Henderson says can help reduce chronic inflammation by Shifting the body's Metabolism from glucose to ketones which are more efficient and less damaging to our cells however it's not all sunshine and rainbows Dr Lisa Marin a dietitian with a keen interest in aging points out some potential risks she warns that a long-term keto diet might lead to nutritional deficiencies due to its restrictive nature additionally it could also increase the risk of heart disease due to high fat intake hence she advises it's crucial to approach the diet with a balanced perspective and under professional guidance let's not forget Dr Ethan Harper a well-respected endocrinologist he brings up an interesting point about the potential role of Keto in extending lifespan He suggests that the diet could mimic the effects of calorie restriction a known strategy for prolonging life in various organ isms however he also cautions that more research is needed to validate this intriguing hypothesis in the world of research there's a saying that goes the plural of anecdote is not data while personal stories can be powerful they need to be backed by solid scientific research and the keto diet is no exception but it's not just experts who have seen the benefits of the keto diet on Aging let's hear from those who have experienced the effects of the keto diet on Aging firsthand our first story comes from Maria a 56-year-old woman who found herself feeling sluggish and worn out she turned to the keto diet in hopes of finding an energy boost and what she found was much more Maria shares that since adopting a keto lifestyle she's not only felt more energetic but she's also noticed her skin becoming more vibrant and her hair growing stronger then there's John a 63-year-old man who was noticing the toll aging was taking on his cognitive function he started the keto diet and was astounded by the changes he experienced John enthusiastically reports that his mental Clarity has improved and he feels more focused and alert than he has in years we also have the testimony of Linda a 70-year-old keto Advocate she credits the diet with her improved mobility and flexibility before starting keto Linda used to struggle with joint stiffness and pain but now she's back to her morning walks and even practices yoga and let's not forget about Sam a 48-year-old man who was B battling metabolic syndrome switching to a keto diet helped him lose weight and more importantly improve his overall health markers Sam is now off medication and feels healthier than ever these personal experiences are just a few among thousands of people who have noticed significant changes in their aging process while following the keto diet the common themes here are increased energy improved cognitive function enhanced mobility and better overall health these individuals like many other others have found a renewed sense of Vitality and youthfulness that they attribute to their keto lifestyle of course it's important to remember that everyone's body is unique and what works for one person may not work for another always consult with a healthc care professional before making significant changes to your diet or lifestyle these stories provide powerful evidence of the potential impact of the keto diet on Aging so what have we learned about the keto diet and aging we've taken a journey through the science the expert opinions and the real life experiences to understand the relationship between the ketogenic diet and the aging process let's take a step back and summarize all that we've explored we started our journey by understanding the ketogenic diet it's not just another fat diet but a lifestyle change that alters how your body uses energy by consuming fewer carbohydrates and more healthy fats the body switches to burning fat for fuel a state known as ketosis this metabolic shift has far-reaching effects on our health and well-being from the perspective of experts the ketogenic diet has shown promise in supporting healthy aging scientists and nutritionists have pointed to the potential benefits of the diet including improved brain health better weight management and more controlled blood sugar levels the diet seems to have anti-inflammatory effects which could help combat age related inflammation a common culprit behind many chronic diseases we also heard from individuals who have personally experienced the transformative power of the ketogenic diet their stories added a personal touch to the scientific and expert opinions providing us with real life evidence of the diet's potential benefits they reported feeling more energetic experiencing less brain fog and seeing improvements in their overall health markers however like any lifestyle change the ketogenic diet is not without its risks and it's not a one-size fit all solution experts caution that the diet might not be suitable for everyone especially those with certain medical conditions it's important to consult with a healthc care provider before starting the diet to ensure it's a suitable and safe choice for you the ketogenic diet also requires a high level of commitment and discipline it's not just about cutting out carbs it's about making sure you're getting the right types and amounts of fats and proteins and enough essential nutrients this requires careful meal planning and in some cases supplementation we also learned that while the ketogenic diet May support healthy aging it's just one piece of the puzzle regular exercise sufficient sleep Stress Management and other healthy lifestyle choices are equally important in conclusion the ketogenic diet when done correctly and under the guidance of a health care provider can potentially support healthy aging it's not a Magic Bullet but it's a tool that many people have found helpful in their quest for longevity and well-being however it's essential to remember that everyone is unique and what works for one person may not work for another thank you for joining us on this journey into the science of Keto and aging we hope you found this information helpful and enlightening

- Dr. Stephen Phinney on Nutritional Ketosis and Ketogenic Diets (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en - Hi, I'm Steve Phinney, and I am the chief medical officer of Virta Health. This is going to be the first of four talks I'm gonna be presenting on ketogenic diets and how they are effective and safe in treatment of various conditions. This first talk will be an introduction to nutritional ketosis. What led me to this field to begin with was that I'm a recreational cyclist. I like riding a bicycle long distances. I've been doing it for over 50 years. And very early on I discovered that if when riding a bike for more than an hour or two if I didn't eat when riding I would hit the wall, which is what happens when the body runs out of carbohydrates when it's carbohydrate-dependent. And you feel really lousy, and your performance drops. So I very quickly became a carbohydrate advocate. Interestingly, at this time 40 or so years ago was when the Atkins diet first became popular. And Atkins said, you know, you don't need carbs to feel well and function well. Well, I was a newly minted young doctor, and I was feeling my oats. And I was set out to prove Bob Atkins wrong. And, guess what, proved myself wrong. Now, actually, it wasn't quite that simple because if you go on a ketogenic diet for a week, or two weeks, your performance does drop. My experience had been only in short-term restrictions in carbs. So we did a study that lasted six weeks, and by the third week of the six week study people's performance was coming back up. And by 6 to 12 weeks their performance was back to or above where they've started. The body becomes capable of burning almost all of its energy from fat. In my research I actually make a habit, sometimes successfully, of trying to prove myself wrong. And you say wait a minute, why wouldn't you try to prove yourself right? If you prove yourself wrong that's how medical advances are made. If you assume that something's right, and you find out it's wrong, you can now change your understanding and change medical knowledge. And that's something that I, and my co-founder and collaborator in this, Dr. Jeff Volek, have made a habit of doing over the past multiple decades. In this process back in 1980 I coined a term nutritional ketosis, and another term, keto-adaptation. The first thing you have to consider when listening to someone talk about nutritional ketosis or ketogenic diets is, how can you trust what they are saying? The reason is that they are a lot of self-appointed experts out there, but very few people in the medical arena have much training in nutrition. And most of them have absolutely no training or research experience in nutritional ketosis. That is most people get their expertise by reading what other people have done. Now, why should you trust me? I mean, I'm an MD, and I can tell you I had no training in nutrition in medical school back when I went through that process. But after I completed my medical education curiosity drove me back to school, and I spent four years doing a PhD in nutritional biochemistry because I realized there were a bunch of paradoxes between what I was taught to believe and what the evidence seemed to present. After completing that, my PhD, I went on to do two years of formal training in clinical nutrition. Since then I published 80 papers, I've co-authored three books. I've been studying and prescribing ketogenic diets for 40 years. The first point I want to make is that nutritional ketosis is a very powerful tool when properly done, but it's not simple. It's not just a matter of cutting out carbs. And the other point is that particularly in people that have medical conditions, it's not always safe. So my goal in presenting this information to you is to share the power of nutritional ketosis, share the fact that it can reverse, and, or prevent very significant medical diseases. Oftentimes taking away the medications that are currently being used for those conditions. With this power comes risk, particularly as it relates to having being on medication because if you've reversed the disease, and you don't take away the medication, you can have major side effects. The other important point is that this is much more complex than just taking away sugars, bread, rice, pasta, potatoes, and other things. For a ketogenic diet to be safe, it has to be much more scripted than that. Getting the diet right in terms of the other nutrients in the diet is pretty complex. And it's not something that a simple slide, or even this simple talk is gonna be adequate in order to do it safely. The other important point is there are some medical conditions where people should not do this type of diet. And I'll mention those briefly in this talk, and more completely in later talks. Let's discuss what's a ketone. It turns out that there are two compounds that the body makes from fat. And the body, meaning the liver, makes two compounds from fat which are classified as, and I put this in air quotes, ketones. Now, I won't get into the details of the technicalities of that. Now, these can either be made from body fat, that is fat we've eaten before and stored, or fat that we eat, and that circulates through the blood after digestion. Fats that are eaten or stored when they circulate through the blood are difficult to transport. They're in what are called lipoprotein particles. And these are the things that you were measuring when we measure cholesterol, and triglycerides, and things like that. And because doctors worry about these things you might imagine that having too much of them is a problem. Well, it turns out that when fats in the liver are made into ketones you no longer have to worry about lipoproteins because these are water-soluble particles, and they float through the blood. They move into cells easily, so it's a much more efficient fuel for the body to use. Once it's in the bloodstream in adequate levels it can feed the brain, it can feed your heart, and it can feed your muscles. And as we'll mention in a few minutes it can do other important things as well. Now, how do we know it can feed the brain? Well, there are actually some, let's say dangerous experiments done back in the 1960's where patients who'd been fasting for weeks, so they had quite high ketone levels, were then infused with insulin, which drove the blood sugar down to an extremely low level, to the point where it should cause people to pass out. And as long as there were ketones in the blood the brain functioned just fine. So we know that ketones are a very efficient and effective brain fuel. We've discovered in the last five years that ketones are a very potent signal that talks to our genes. And some of the genes it's talked to are the genes that protect us from things that we call oxidative stress, or free radicals. And this is really important because these are the root causes of a number of diseases, including type 2 diabetes, heart disease, inflammatory bowel disease, high blood pressure. Also, people with seizures oftentimes have dramatic results when they get in a well-formulated ketogenic diet. And it's not so much about fuel as it is about reducing oxidative stress and inflammation. This is a very, very important topic in terms of understanding how ketogenic diets can be used to markedly improve some chronic diseases. We understand not just what they do, but how they do it at the molecular level. And this is important in terms of moving this field forwards, and making optimum use of this state we call nutritional ketosis. Where did nutritional ketosis come from, and why did we have to define that as a term? Over a century ago doctors figured out that when people with what's called type 1 diabetes, the diabetes typically of younger folks where the pancreas stops making any insulin at all, they can't use glucose at all for fuel, and the body overproduces ketones. The ketones build up to very high levels, and that's called ketoacidosis. When ketones build to very high levels you can actually smell them on a person. It's like a (sniffs) smell that these ketones, then say, ah, you know, this is uncontrolled diabetes. And they realize that that changes the acid levels in the blood, and that's ketoacidosis. But these are vastly elevated levels of ketones. So figure let's say a number of 20 would be a extremely high level of ketones. But if you're eating a well-formulated ketogenic diet your blood levels are not 20, your blood levels will be in a range of .5 to 3. So it's one-tenth that very high level. Yet if you eat say orange juice and bagel for breakfast, after breakfast your ketone levels will not be .5 to 3, they'll be .1 or .2. So one-tenth, 10 times higher is nutritional ketosis. 10 times higher to that is ketoacidosis. So we define this state of nutritional ketosis as being a safe blood level where ketones function to feed vital organs in the body when you're not eating a whole lot of carbohydrate. You can see that in the green zone between .5, and 3, or 4, that's what we call the optimum ketone zone. That's when ketones have beneficial effects in terms of feeding the brain and other organs in the body. And as you can see, if you were in total starvation, which we don't recommend because of negative effects on lean tissue and organ function, total starvation ketones will go up as high as seven. And you don't get anywhere near the risk of ketoacidosis until the numbers are above 10. These are very distinct states differentiating nutritional ketosis from diabetic ketoacidosis. So by 1970 all of this stuff was well-defined, and has been in the medical literature. And we kind of assumed that, you know, if we can just tell people that ketones are good for heart, and muscle, and brain that that would be a good thing. But really exciting things have happened in the last five years. The reason we know that this is not a rumor, word of mouth, there were some very solid scientific papers in the medical literature now indicating not just that, gee, looks like inflammation goes down, we actually know precisely how. The beta hydroxybutyrate, this primary ketone we have in our blood, makes inflammation and oxidative stress go down, and provides optimized control for some inflammatory diseases. Let's kind of get to a little bit more practical information. How does one get into nutritional ketosis? People who have reason to want to have benefit if they have type 2 diabetes, or they're severely overweight, or have hypertension, very often those people have what we call insulin resistance. That is their body has begun to lose its responsiveness to this hormone, insulin, which is the hormone that causes blood sugar to go into cells, and also manages body fat metabolism. So if you're insulin-resistant you probably have to get your daily total carbohydrate intake down somewhere between 20 and 50 grams of carbohydrate per day. If you want to think about that in terms of macronutrients that's less than 10%, and oftentimes less than 5% of your total daily energy intake comes from carbs. So that's very carb-restricted. And the more insulin-resistant the person is the lower they have to go to initially get into a state of nutritional ketosis. In addition to restricting carbs, this is not a high protein diet. Protein, like carbohydrates, stimulates insulin production, and exacerbates insulin resistance. So it has to be moderate in protein, enough protein to maintain healthy function of our organs, but not so much that it raises insulin levels. Then the other key point of a is this is not a calorie-restricted, stop eating when you eat x-number of calories per day. This is a diet when is done right is eaten to satiety. That is when you finish a meal you should be satiated, and you shouldn't be hungry until it's time for your next meal. And the way you do that if you're eating very little carbohydrate and moderate protein is the majority of your dietary calories have to come from fat. And we'll come back to the safety issues around, is it okay to eat that much fat if it's more than half my calories? And the answer is yes, and hopefully I can convince you of that later on. The other thing that is very important in a well-formulated ketogenic diet is getting enough vegetables, provide enough minerals, maybe fiber to provide satiety. Rather than coming from pills it should come from fresh real food. So we suggest three to five servings of non-starchy vegetables per day. Now, realize this is just an overview, it's not a prescription. Don't just say, okay, I know how to do it, I'm gonna go do it. So this is something where you need to understand the serving sizes, that we adjust the protein to the size and gender. So a small woman's gonna need less protein than a very tall guy. There are variations in this that require individualization. So this is not a cookie cutter or one size fits all diet. I want to point out that there are lots of low carbohydrate diet strategies out there, but not all of them are either ketogenic or involve keto-adaptation. For instance, a paleo diet, or a primal diet, or a low carbohydrate, Mediterranean, and certainly not intermittent fasting. Those do not allow for keto-adaptation. Either they're not sustained enough or they have too much protein. So if you look at this slide here where on the vertical access it's the amount of carbohydrates this percent per day, and the horizontal is protein. You can see that the standard American diet, I think SAD, you know, sad is a good term for that, which is high in carbohydrate, moderate in protein, and relatively low in fat, is way above the low carbohydrate level. If you cut some carbs out of the diet, and add more fat, that would be a Mediterranean diet, but it's still not low carb. But as a general rule most people in the nutrition field will call anything under 30% of calories as carbohydrate, a low carb diet. So a paleo diet typically is about 30% protein, about 20 to 30% carbohydrate, and only 50% or less fat. So it's not that high in fat. But the combination of the carbohydrate and protein are enough that it prevents the body from making ketones. So that doesn't fall into the ketogenic diet range. So you can see that to get to a well-formulated ketogenic diet it's kind of a small island of keeping protein in moderation between roughly 10 to 20%, keeping carbohydrates under 10%. So if you're 20% protein and 10% carbs, and you're holding your weight stable, that is after a period of time, you're in weight maintenance, that means that 70% of your energy has to come from fat. That can be pretty scary, but that's how one does a ketogenic diet. And that can be done not just for weeks or months, that can be done for years and decades. And the best way to measure it is to, you know, be tough, prick your finger like people with type 2 diabetes, or diabetes to measure blood sugar. And there are special strips for ketone meters that can actually measure your blood ketones, and they're very accurate. And you don't need to do that forever, you need to do that long enough just to know what level you get to if you're eating a certain range of foods. One of the keys to success here is you have to be sure that this is safe. If you do this, and do it in a way that's not safe, then you're not gonna be successful. You're either not gonna feel well, or it's gonna make you ill, or actually carry significant risk. So as a general rule, even if you're otherwise healthy, and you just want to lose some weight, or improve your energy level, you should let your doctor know what you're doing. If you have type 1 diabetes, which is a case where the body is not able to make enough insulin, you'll need specialized medical support. There are some people who advocate using this type of diet with type 1 diabetes. But it takes a specially trained physician who knows how to do this to guide you. And this is something that has to be done with very close supervision. The same is true with type 2 diabetes, but oftentimes with type 2 diabetes we can get people off of some, or most of their medications. And, again, that has to be done by a physician, but then the supervision doesn't have to be quite so close because you're no longer taking the medications that carry risk. The third situation where you would need careful medical support, and have your doctor be directly involved in what you're doing, is if you have high blood pressure and you're on medication. Because, again, oftentimes we need to withdraw those medications. If you have a heart condition, or if you have significant liver or kidney disease that needs to have careful evaluation to see if you have enough function of those organs in order to be able to manage the adaptation of this diet successfully. Most doctors aren't taught how to do this. Some of them will read books, hopefully our books, and understand how to do it. But beware of physicians who don't have the experience in doing this. The final point about safety is this is not, as I said, not just about restricting carbs, and keeping protein moderate, but getting adequate minerals. The important minerals include sodium. If you don't have enough salt, or sodium, in your diet you'll have a bunch of symptoms, which include lightheadedness, dizziness, fatigue when exercising, and constipation. Those are not side effects of nutritional ketosis. Those are side effects of not having enough salt. It just so happens that when you're in nutritional ketosis your kidneys get much more efficient at getting rid of salt. And you have to provide it on a routine basis in order to maintain your well-being and function on this type of lifestyle. An additional mineral that's very important, particularly for heart and muscle function, is potassium. And you get that from broth, you get that from vegetables, and you get that from eating unprocessed meats. We don't normally have to supplement that. If you get the vegetables, meat, and hopefully make your own homemade broth in order to maintain adequate potassium intake. A third mineral we deal with a lot, particularly in people with diabetes is magnesium. This is a mineral that most Americans don't get enough of. And it seems that people with diabetes have a significant problem maintaining adequate amounts. A major sign of magnesium depletion or deficiency is muscle cramps, whether after exercise or occurring at night. And that's easily managed if someone is knowledgeable on how to replace magnesium. But don't just accept cramps as a necessary effect of this. That's easily managed by someone who knows how to do this. Other minerals include calcium, which is necessary for bones, and nerve, and muscle function. That's maintained by adequate vegetables, dairy, and cheese, also, from homemade broth. We rarely have to supplement calcium people when they have the normal food intake that's appropriate for a well-formulated diet. And vitamins are sometimes a concern because people say, well, I'm not eating fruit, or I'm not eating enough fruit, and where are my vitamins gonna come from. It turns out that vegetables are an excellent source of the vitamins that you would normally attribute to fruit. So we find that people don't need additional vitamins with this. But if one wants to take a standard multivitamin it'll do no harm, but probably not necessary. To wrap up, a well-formulated ketogenic diet and nutritional ketosis is a healthy normal metabolic state. This is not something that is abnormal. This is not something that you should only do for a week or two at a time because longer is unsafe. No, this is something one can do for months, years, and decades. It's achieved by reducing sugar, and refined carbohydrates, and most starchy foods. But in the meantime you're eating real foods, and plenty of foods, and eating those foods to satiety. This is as I mentioned a very effective disease reversing way of living. And if you have diseases that can be reversed with this you need medical supervision, particularly if you're taking medications for those diseases. Because the good news is you have to take them away. The bad news is if you don't take them away it can have serious side effects. So it has to be monitored by a knowledgeable physician. To do this right it results in improved well-being and function. And the neat thing is this is not a calorie-restricted approach. You don't have to go away from the table hungry, and you don't have to count calories. You let your natural instincts empower you to succeed when you do a well-formulated ketogenic diet. This is a graphic that we use when we try to explain to doctors all the emerging things that happen when one goes into nutritional ketosis. Across the top on the left-hand side are fat cells where we store energy. That energy can be released by the fat cells, circulate through the blood, get taken up by the liver. Made into ketones, and the ketones feed the brain. We didn't put the heart on there. The other interesting thing, it appears to feed the digestive system, which is intriguing, and reduces inflammation. And that appears to be why inflammatory bowel disease oftentimes gets better on a Clearly, ketones and fats can feed the muscles. But it also reduces inflammation, including many people with asthma notice that their symptoms get better. There's emerging science, not on people, but in little worms grown in test tubes, and in mice grown in cages, that a well-formulated ketogenic diet actually improves longevity by reducing oxidative stress. Then, many athletes now, particularly endurance athletes who go beyond marathon distances, like triathlons, or longer distance running, and more extreme duration sports, they're turning to a ketogenic diet because the body can run mostly on fat. Then the person doesn't run out of energy and doesn't hit the wall. So, again, this has a multitude of effects, many of them beneficial. But I want to get across the idea it always has to be done with adequate information and adequate supervision to be safe. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BML1201 [30 likes]: As a physician, and having been on a keto diet for 4 years, I can unequivocally state Dr Phinney's claims and statements are 100% accurate.
  2. @corteltube [5 likes]: I started keto to lose a few pounds…about 15lb…lost it and want to stay on it because it’s so much easier than a low fat maintenance.  An added bonus I wasn’t even expecting is from when I started to present which is now 5 months…I have not had one single IBS flare up.  My gastro intestinal tract is so calm. I used to get at least 1 to 2  bad stomach aches and bloating a week…now it is all at peace ☺️. I don’t know what the issue was before…but it’s gone now…I eat dairy and eggs and meat with green veggies.  Not a single issue.
  3. @bernadinecabanas331 [2 likes]: I was carbs addick 3 years ago…I was suffering from  osteoarthritis, chronic fatigue, brain fog, severe migraine. 
Switching from carbs to keto carnivore diet, all health issues dissapeared 🤩
I purchased Dr . Phinney book, Low Carbohydrates Performance. It’s a must!😊
  4. @davidsoper3851 [1 likes]: Try to prove yourself wrong. Yes!
  5. @dort5436 [1 likes]: A true scientist is always testing and retesting what is known
  6. @marilyngandhi8571 [1 likes]: 👋🙂🇦🇺 Thanks for everything you are doing.
  7. @j.johnson7962 [1 likes]: I got banned from the Virta community for quoting Dr. Phinney.   Sad the company he formed did this.
  8. @kiwikim5163 [1 likes]: What if dairy causes inflammation and always causes me to crave carbs? I have a sensitivity to dairy protein.
  9. @DLo-v3u [1 likes]: Thank you for your dedication to learning and sharing your knowledge in Nutritional Ketosis. I am new with Virta and I already see the difference in my body. I am totally a believer because I have tried everything and only Virta made a program so monitored and so easy to follow. I am forever grateful..
  10. @Garbs9430: Thank you! It is exceedingly difficult to find a physician that is willing to help someone with this.
  11. @12-OneTwo: 20 raw eggs milkshake.
  12. @keyswiththomas1: How can one find a doctor that is knowledgeable of this?
  13. @johnsnow5264: It does not seem that Steve Finney has read the chapter on gluconeogenesis in any biochemistry textbook. If he had he would not spread keto pseudo science. No health authority has keto as a recommended diet form.
  14. @simonmorgan2877: Brilliant human
  15. @Sungodv: THIS is how we MAHA
  16. @robertrklv5607: Hey Dr looking at your protien to carbs chart for ketosis. It would be really helpful if you could explain to us the difference between a person who consumes 30% protien +5% carbs apposed to the same person who consumes 10% protien and 20% carbs. From your chart that person would be in keto either way but what is the difference in your opinion thats what i am very interested to hear
  17. @johneubank8543: I would not assume that everyone needs a well formulated keto diet with plenty of vegetables and fiber, as if these are good things for all humans. It really looks like they are NOT, at least for not all people. Auto-immune disease sufferers tend to do very well on carnivore, eating no plants at all - and some claim to be cured (seems more like remission to me, but that's pretty darn fantastic). Fiber may actually be bad for us - you really should investigate fiber (hint, start w Dr. Paul Mason of Australia - he has great stuff on fiber). Good luck.
  18. @sliverscreen: 💯
  19. @martinrossel6933: Great information here thank you. I tried my first low carb diet in 1988 which was the "Scarsdale method" and it was strictly low carb, basically the intake was proteins and vegetables. It was quite harsh but very efficient. The high fat part was not included there, and that is the only thing I´m missing in this talk? You say at one point that you will go inte the fat eating function but do not develop it as I heard. I'm specifically interested in what fats are best both from a ketogenic and a health point of view?
  20. @deansutherland9092: Can see this helping cancer patients like Dr Nasha Winters has implemented in her practice. But for building muscle - activating Mtor and recovering from intense exercise like Gymnastics strength training, Crossfit and the like i wouldnt pursue it. 20 percent  protein 10 percent carbs and 70 percent Lipids is perfect for aerobic energy systems - long distance running

- Ketosis and Ketones w/ Dr. Dominic D’Agostino Ketogenic Diet Expert & Fat Burn  - CHTV 98: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is episode 98 here we are almost 100 and we are together we are in Pittsburgh Dr Poma has joined us in the office so it's very fun I don't know this is maybe the second time since we did a recording that we've actually been on the same screen sharing it so it's fun to have you here and to be together to record we have a very special guest for you today Dr Dominic dagostino and uh before we introduce him I'm going to read his bio and then we're going to learn a little bit more about uh Dr Dominic if maybe is that what we call you Dr Dom Dr Dominic Dom is great yeah Dom okay well we'll hear more about Dom's work and um and all the amazing amazing things that he's doing in his lab um we're going to be talking about ketosis about using exogenous ketones um we'll explain what those are if you don't know and um it's going to be an amazing episode so let me get started here and I tell you a little bit more about Dom so Dr Dominic deaso is an assistant professor in the department of molecular pharmacology and Physiology at the University of South Florida uh Marin San uh College of Medicine and also a senior research scientist at The Institute for human and machine cognition the primary focus of his laboratory is developing and testing metabolic therapies including ketogenic diets Ketone Esters and natural and synthetic molecules to Target metabolic processes his research also explores the use of these therapies for a broad range of disorders linked pathophysiologically uh to metabolic disregulation including seizures nerd degenerative neurodegenerative diseases genetic diseases and cancer uh decino's laboratory uses inv Vivo and inv vitro techniques to understand the physiological cellular and molecular mechanism of metabolic therapies his research is supported by the Office of Naval Research Department of Defense private organizations and Foundations so very impressive bio so excited to have you here Dom so welcome to Cellular healing TV thank you for having me I appreciate being here yeah yeah that is a very it's very impressive work you've done Dominic and uh I I found your work of course you know I read a lot of the studies and I I love tracking down the person at the heart of them so first of all you know thank you for your work because it is changing lives it's making a difference uh I watched the keto diet and keto adaptation change many lives in your area of neurod degenerative work neurod degenerative diseases I tell you that's where I I just see it flourish and um we have doctors around the country uh that are trained in keto adaptation ketogenic diets and they thank you believe me so I thank you for implementing it and you know building a team of people who understand this and most importantly connecting with the patients and and really you know disseminating this information is is really the most important thing because I could spend all my life in the lab but if it's not being implemented and information's not getting out there then there's no use you know yeah yeah appreciate that you know one of the questions we had right away when we sat down is gosh H how did he get into this right I mean you know you your your background I mean how does someone get into studying ketosis so I'm sure our audience is thinking the same okay uh well I I mean I'll take a step back in my undergraduate I studied nutrition and biological sciences with the intention to go to medical school uh and also kind of with that in mind I wanted to do some research in a lab and I chose to work uh under the the U research dean of of Rucker University and she was doing some fascinating work on the the neural control of autonomic regulation so how our brain responds to low levels of oxygen and adjusts cardiovascular and respiratory output as a function of oxygen you know and studying it gave me the opportunity to study Neuroscience but also studying the physiology through which our brain controls so you know how our brain controls our respiration so that gave me a pretty good foundation in sort of medicine and understanding uh some things and I had the background in nutrition already uh and then my post-doctoral work was actually uh working under working with the office of Navy research and working on the other end of the Spectrum which is not low oxygen but what happens when you're exposed to high pressures of oxygen in the context of using a a oxygen rebreather uh which is really specific to Navy Seals and the special oper operations Community uh because when you're using a rebreather underwater uh the advantage is that there's no bubbles that so it's a very there's a stealth component to using this technology but one of the drawbacks is that you're breathing 100% like pure oxygen in a closed circuit rebreather and a a major you know drawback a disadvantage is that you have the potential for seizures you need to go deep if you're taking on fire you want to evade the enemy you go deep with this this instrument uh this equipment uh breathing High oxygen is a stimulant to the brain you know and in that way it can be used conser of therapeutically for different disorders with hyperbaric oxygen therapy which is about 2.5 atmosphere is Max but if you go down farther than that um in in terms of atmospheres pressure then the overproduction of oxygen-free radicals disrupts brain energy metabolism in a way that triggers a seizure and a seizure underwater could be fatal and it's going to end the mission for sure and it's it's you know if we could lift this limitation then we could make you know the the physiology of extreme environments much more safer and we can increase the capability of the war fighter and understanding this could also enhance and increase the capability of hyperbaric oxygen therapy because the protocols that are used now uh and hyperbaric oxygen therapy can be used there's 14 now there's 15 FDA approved applications that you know your insurance will cover it and then there's a lot of off kind of label applications of Hyperbaric but the limitation of the pressure is CNS oxygen toxicity so is that where keto ketosis comes in I mean they can tolerate more explain that yeah so that's what I'm going towards so oxygen toxicity is a tonic clonic seizure of CNS and the military has spent a lot of time and effort looking at things like antioxidants and anti-convulsant drugs but to get the efficacy of an anti-convulsant drug it needs to be used in a dosage that's essentially sedating and you don't want to sedate a Navy SEAL and send him off to a mission where he's got to dot right so uh in the process of looking at the cellular and molecular mechanism with all the tools we have in the lab I realized that this is the the breakdown in brain energy metabolism was really what was leading to the seizures and I just kind of stumbled upon the ketogenic diet because I was searching what do people do when drugs fail for for seizures and I saw that the standard of for drug refractory epilepsy drug resistant epilepsy was the ketogenic diet there's also you know vagal nerve stimulation but the ketogen diet had a remarkably good track record and when I pulled all the literature and I spent a few weeks reading it I was really blown away I was like this is a highly a grossly underutilized metabolic therapy that had tremendous implications how many years ago is that that you started researching it I discovered it like in 2008 I believe and I actually knew some people around me one of them is Mike dancer actually he was in Europe at the time and connected with me and I recommended that he try it because he was going to have brain surgery for temporal low epilepsy and it it literally almost like cured his epilepsy it stopped you know he went from being homebound to to having you know his life back again and I just was reading you know one one paper and one report after another and I contacted the program officer in 2009 I believe and within a year or two after that I was able to you know write up a proposal and dig up enough information and uh kind of get the the all the logistics in place to run an actual study in the lab so about 2010 I was really uh full force in the lab running seizure studies looking at mechanisms of oxygen toxicity so the program officer at the time was not really interested in the ketogenic diet because this uh using a high fat low carbohydrate diet the low carb diet I could kind of get them on board with that but when you talk about a high fat ketogenic diet there was a little bit of push back and it was just like well can we achieve the same elevation of ketones you know the ketones seem to be playing a neuroprotective role can we do that when can we circumvent the diet and develop a ketogenic diet in a pill so in par to our ketogenic diet research I was also working on developing various forms of exogenous ketones Ketone supplements yes and Esters and Ketone salts and we would develop these things and then test them individually to find out which ones were most most potent and which ones had the greatest potential for therapeutic efficacy and there were a there were a few particular Ketone Esters that had the most Anti seizure anti-convulsant effect relative to some other things that we were trying and they they are the substances that we've been focusing on uh and advancing their kind of use you know as far as safety toxicology pharmacology we're doing all this work for the FDA and tracking them as a medical food for very specific neurological disorders but also for the Special Operations Community where they have like first choice or first dibs if you will of the highest potency Ketone products and then and then these are more synthetically based or synthesized Ketone products and then there's natural naturally derived Ketone products like Ketone salts like a mineral salt sodium potassium calcium magnesium and even various amino acids can be bound to ketones namely beta hydroxy berate and these can be developed in a way that's somewhat palatable and formulated with powdered Med chain triglycerides you know so we're testing these things individually and now we're in the in the process of formulating them together to get a balanced electrolyte you know and amino acid formulas uh and you got to do that what looks good on paper does not always pan out in in the person's stomach so sometimes or their pallet so you gotta formulate it in a way that tastes good and formulate in a way that's tolerable to your GI and we're gonna we we we have a lot of questions uh about exogenous ketones meaning ketones you take as opposed to going into ketosis so before we even get there because that is uh some of the questions that we had had and we had a lot of people write in about the you know exogenous ketones probably knowing that your name was connected to uh you know studying some of these uh you know I think it's interesting that you work with these I mean right now I don't even know if we can say where you are you know can we say where you are right now uh I'm in uh Special Operations yeah Community uhal operations at a at a at a base right now yeah so yesterday I couldn't connect because I was you know kind of the signal would be scrambled exactly right so I mean you're working with all these special ops right I mean it's whether it was the seals the Rangers I mean so I mean that's really an amazing interest because they're obviously seeing the benefits of ketosis no domic you all the the benefits of ketos Beyond even seizures and neurod degenerative conditions you know as we did in our world you know dealing with people with unexplainable illnesses and realizing that wow I mean ketones have a major effect on so many different conditions why is that why is ketosis such a powerful tool I think there's there's numerous reasons for that uh we know from you know a decade or I'll say A Century of basically almost a century of using the ketogenic diet for drug refractory epilepsy and the ideology of epilepsy is largely unknown for the most part for most forms of epilepsy but what we do know is that there's aberant neuronal activity and you could say you know that you know impaired brain energy metabolism is really pathophysiologically linked to pretty much all neurod degenerative neurological diseases right yeah yeah so the the data was pretty clear that when you go when a person gets on a ketogenic diet it numerous Pathways I would say there's 20 off the top of my head really that are kind of brought back into homeostasis so if your Gaba level is low and your glutamate is high uh if you have excess reactive oxygen species uh if your you know certain brain energy metabolites like U Alpha ketoglutarate succinate malate are low the ketogenic diet is what we call anotic it actually feeds into the kreb cycle and elevates these kreb cycle intermediates U Alpha ketoglutarate is actually a precursor for glutamate and glutamate is actually converted into Gaba and Gaba is an inhibitory sort of neurotransmitter it maintains you know neurological homeostasis so the ketogenic diet does some key things it converts more of a neurotoxic substance or signaling substance glutamate which can be neurotoxic at high levels and it shuttles the excess glutamate to Gaba which kind of makes makes us feel calm yeah GL glutamate just for the Watchers is the most excitatory neurotransmitter whereas Gaba is the most inhibitory am I right on that yes no so and just for the the people watching we have doctors and and public watching uh you know know look what you're saying is basically it brings balance to brain chemicals it brings balance to energy and how the matter of fact it improves cellular energy which has an effect on all these processes how your brain works how your metabolism works yeah you know so that's what you're saying so it brings homeostasis Balan to basically every process in the body uh that can drive inflammation which obviously causes a lot of diseases yeah it downregulates inflammation and brings balance these chemicals is that simply that's perfect that's much better put uh yeah you hit on a couple you good topics so by restoring brain energy metabolism and these intermediates it also feeds into the production of neurotransmitters right which also is put back into balance and uh and neuroinflammation too so we looked at a variety of neuro uh neuroinflammatory or just systemic inflammatory Pathways and many of these are supressed uh by nutritional ketosis specifically by Beta hydroxate uh we have a nature medicine paper showing that just so people listening beta hydroxy berate is the most abundant Ketone that's formed so when we break down we make ketones and beta hydroxy berate is one of these ketones that we make that we know makes the brain work better turns off genes Etc yeah that's that's right and when I got into this in 2010 the signaling properties of metabolites specifically ketones were not even discussed really I mean we just understood ketones as an energy metabol something that could more or less replace glucose as a brain energy Fuel and now you have you know a science paper showing that it functions as on gene expression so there's you know it regulate through epigenetic regulation it can enhance our antioxidant capacity uh it can have a profound effect at decreasing inflammatory Pathways that are chronically uh overexpressed in age related diseases and even many cancers uh so we're looking at you know a dozen or more different signaling Pathways that ketones are working through and not just a it's much more than just a metabolite and so our our research is going in that direction and we're also using uh what's called metabolomics so we will'll do will collect blood and we'll collect tissues from animals that are on a ketogenic diet but also on Ketone supplementation and we can look at all the metabolic pathways by looking at the metabolites and we have a firm understanding specifically of of kind of what's being what's being altered you know what precursors are being you know uh generated from being a nutritional ketosis and that gives us greater insight into you know the benefits of ketosis and yeah of course there's a lot of pharmaceutical companies interested in this data because if they can identify specific things that are being regulated by the ketogenic diet then they can make a druggable Target and uh I can just tell you that the big pharmaceutical companies have contacted me and they want to know I mean they're not even shy about it they're like how can we create you know a a what are druggable targets of the ketogenic diet like can you come to our in institution our facility and give a talk and you know and just on on all the different Pathways that we can create drugs for because we realize that this has tremendous therapeutic potential so how can we make this into a drug and it's going to be hard because there's a dozen or 20 or more different major Pathways that are being altered kind of synergistically with nutritional ketosis when we look at you know cultures and history right I mean you know all of them utilize ketosis at different parts of the year the hanzu people I we can go down the history you know ketosis is something the body's naturally goes through and I don't even you know I just want people to understand listening because people listening have different things energy problems you know conditions weight loss issues I mean hormone issues what you said is so key it's like ketones go up okay they stabilize glucose and Insulin which is I mean how many diseases right there does that affect including anti anti-aging right so that's that's a benefit but it turns off bad genes I people that are watching this a lot of you know things that you're your genes are expressing is why you don't feel well and you've made dietary changes you've made a lot of things in your life however these genes are still turned on so what you're saying is ketones go in and turn off those switches literally change what our genes are expressing and Dominic that happened to me you know when I was in ketosis you know several times know like I had certain chemical sensitivities genes were turned on certain Pathways I felt them I watched them down regulate and I know it was the keton just turning off those switches so that's amazing research yeah yeah I mean I there's no limit to I get emails every day there's one uh NIH investigator contacted me and had you know a rare genetic disease and you know the only thing that worked for her was the ketogenic diet and she's like a drug research and was like I want to steer the ship of my lab in this direction and start studying the ketogenic diet because it worked for me uh another person uh and more or less an Ivy League institution had Grace disease you know a big researcher and contacted me and said ketosis was the only thing that worked for her so we have studies going on now with things like glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome and this is a a fairly rare genetic this disorder where you have a persistent molecular pathology that's largely silenced when one is kept in nutritional ketosis so this disorder glucose transporter deficiency prevents the brain from getting glucose by a deficiency in the glut one transporter and when these kids and adults that have this disorder are maintained in nutritional ketosis it provides an alternative energy source of energy to brain and it it's it's the most powerful way to stop their seizures and treat the motor function you know deficiencies that Associated it is the standard of care so that's where Ketone supplements kind of come in is that to maintain these kids uh if the kids are out of ketosis the symptoms are severe and they're you know in a wheelchair and if they're you know they get into strong ketosis they're like a different person uh so we're working on you know some of these these pathologies that are highly responsive to nutritional ketosis and one that just kind of popped up is Angelman syndrome and the leading investigator of this is uh Ed Weber at at our university University of South Florida and you know the the Angelman syndrome Community has you know contacted us and uh and him and said when we put our kids on the ketogenic diet it works better than any drug that's out there so heard of it what's that what is the syndrome oh the syndrome uh is primarily you know drug resistant seizures and really bad uh kind of motor function uh issues so coordination uh is really impaired there's there's it's a genetic disorder where there's a deficiency or an abnormality in What's called the housekeeping Gene and uh in the brain and it leads to kind of a host of neurological and physiological symptoms and the as as far as I know I think the ketogenic diet from the literature has been the most you know potent uh therapy for this so that's one of the we've did uh a mouse study where we looked at drugs and we looked at that the diet actually supplements Ketone supplements and it had a remarkable effect so the foundation is actually more interested in putting funds towards developing uh Ketone therapy instead of a drug therapy for this disorder so we're working really close with them and that's going to be like one of the because it's a rare disorder it's more likely that we can get approval for for using ketones for this and that may set the stage for a lot of other pathologies so in addition to like you know the Special Operations Community where we want to use it for protecting you know neuroprotection in underere extreme environments and also enhancing cognitive and physical performance there's that sort of research but we're also uh I think it's it's really great to be able to leverage the research that we did for the military and to to use that same research as a foundation for these rare neurological diseases and even Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and ALS are things it makes the brain work better heals and you said something uh you know the special ops using it for athletic performance and yeah absolutely yes that was the original application of of Ketone esters the work that was funded by DARPA and this goes back more than 10 years about 15 years that was one of the original applications was physical performance and it has proven to enhance physical performance you know above and beyond what was expected even in Elite level athletes well I said before we got on the show that every summer I go into ketosis because you know as a cyclist I become Bonk proof I mean literally you know endless energy my body gets so efficient in utilizing fat for energy you know in ketones for energy that I can go go and go and go with without eating and without losing energy really is yeah important part of that and that's cycling and running too or mostly cycling I'm not a runner I I mean you know I don't run either ex I actually hate running I'm actually you know genetically really gifted at it just do not like it but I love cycling uh but yeah I mean it's my performance just goes up and I had said to you also that Stephen Professor Stephen finny uh Dr Finny uh came to um Park City where I live and he lectured to a group of uh endurance athletes who are carboranes these people you know they're doing the high carbohydrate endurance diet if you will and his message I don't know I mean it was received by some but I could tell there was a lot of resistance with people who are like couldn't get how you could be high performance you know on a keto high fat diet and and still you know run long long distance and cycle long distance you know I think we had we had one question for one of our doctors uh who sent in um go go ahead and give it because I don't want to yes we'll fit this in and this is from Tammy Stewart she's an amazing doctor um or well practitioner so we've heard it before but why would some people not lose weight in ketosis and she'd like to hear Too more reasons on why people have a hard time getting into ketosis so there's variety of reasons for that right I think I think someone needs to work with a a a do a doctor or a nutritionist that's sort of Savvy in the ketogenic diet and I think it's really important to uh before anyone even starts the ketogenic diet there's certain things that they need to do like they need to know that they have support of the people around them they need to clean their house out of all the different foods that are potentially non- ketogenic they need to invest in some you know readily available technologies that are out there uh from a a urine Ketone strip to a blood meter to maybe even we've been experimenting with the Ketone breath analyzer yeah I I've been we've been experimenting with that too her question Dominic is specific for hey we're we're measuring the blood ketones with okay a particular patient client and there's and they're saying hey I'm under 50 maybe even under 30 maybe even under 20 and they're still not a ble to see the higher numbers I I think that what she was focused on oh not higher Ketone numbers okay like the person the patient or something not getting into ketosis even though they seem to be doing everything perfectly and they're not getting the blood reading yeah so the the more you you follow the ketogenic diet the easier it gets and the more sort of uh benefits you derive from it and you're also it takes a while the keto adaptation phase that Dr Stephen finny may have talked about uh one of the processes not only does it upregulate the Transporters for your tissues to use Ketone for fuel but you're also upregulating the ketolytic or ketogenic enzymes in your liver so by following a ketogenic diet you're enhancing liver ketogenesis the process of Le liver ketogenesis over time if you're doing it right uh and then so you'll will over time probably be making more ketones most people do I know me for example it was really hard in the beginning it took about at least three to four months to reliably see like one even one to two Miller on the uh on the on the meter the blood meter but now you know if I take a day and I kind of get out of ketosis for one reason or another by middle of the day the next day I can be quickly back into ketosis and that was not the case uh so I think over time there's maybe epigenetic effects that you know where you have enhanced mitochondrial biogenesis enhanced mitochondrial efficiency an increase in in Ketone uh production through enhancing the enzymatic Pathways uh and also for people that are using this for weight loss A lot of people think if they follow a ketogenic diet I don't need to count I don't need to count calories I don't need to count macros so a lot of people you know or like no I'm not you know I communicate a lot with the fitness Community where they use I guess what it's called If It Fits your Macros I ifm so If It Fits your Macros is like you know you work with a dietitian and they assign you you know you had 200 grams of carbs today you know 150 grams of protein and just stick with that eat whatever food you want but just stay within that macronutrient range you know sort of like a Weight Watchers sort of thing where it's like points but uh and there's an app that's popular you know If It Fits your Macros and that's used by a large population large part of the the fitness Community when people get on a ketogenic diet they think that they can throw out you know this whole idea of counting calories and anything they really need to you know if you're eating something like uh macademia nuts or cashew butter or uh you know I make ketogenic ice cream at night you know if I'm really hungry I can shovel a lot of that down my down my mouth and and get a big calorie load you know and those excess whenever you get a calorie Surplus those calories are going to need to be stored uh the thing with the ketogenic diet as it works for most people is that it inadvertently causes someone to uh revert back to normal calorie intake absolutely absolutely fluctuations and insulin and glucose will stimulate Cravings that will trigger uh you to binge and those excess calories are sort of damaged I mean and they cause pro-inflammatory spikes in your body but when your appetite is controlled you know with nutritional ketosis you're much less likely to kind of fulfill those Cravings uh and you kind of just revert back to a healthy way of eating where your appetite is controlled where you eat to sustain energy and not eat to fulfill some kind of psychological or physiological deficiency and that's what we notice when when people go into ketosis and their body works correctly there's certain things that are released when you break fat down that actually go I'm not hungry right so when I go into ketosis I'm going gosh I forget to eat right and yeah so you know it's not like I always say you can't get on a chloric restriction diet just pushing food away because eventually you fail on a diet right I mean chloric restriction that way but when you go into ketosis when things are working correctly you automatically eat less however some people like you said whether it's emotionally they don't automatically eat less right for whatever reason and therefore they're still taking in a lot more food than their body actually needs and and then it wouldn't work for weight loss in that case so we always say and discuss this with safery is that uh ketosis or fasting you know create restriction and eventually the body starts to do the right thing and eventually people go oh gosh I'm such an efficient fat burner that they really then we get all the benefits it seems but I know that what you said now what we had noticed for people who aren't getting into ketosis were on three four months and they're still not able to break through we have broken them out of the diet went back to a healthy I would say healthy I higher carbohydrate diet still considered low uh in America and then three months later go back into it boom all of a sudden they go go right back into ketosis because I think you're right I think something genetically shifts um you know and they're able all of a sudden to get back in yeah the first time you try the Q Jen diet for most people it's really hard to adapt and uh there's a lag time so your brain goes through what I call glucose withdrawal right so if you transition to a ketogenic diet your brain is like where is my glucose and it sends a stress response to your sympathetic nervous system your sympathetic nervous system your adrenaline gets released your cortisol goes Skyhigh and it have a pretty big stress response and you can you know I I've seen this in women especially because I think women's hormonal systems are much more sensitive to uh deprivation of glucose and carbohydrates and they kind of get a pretty big stress response unless they're like a hardcore athlete where they're sort of bouncing in and out of ketosis anyway from Super prolonged exercise but that's like the level of like you know a triathlete or or Iron Man uh Fitness athlete and and men too that engage in you know even the high carb Community that's transitions to a ketogenic diet has a pretty easy easier job doing that some of them because they're kind of bouncing in and out of ketosis you have this phenomenon of post exercise ketosis if your glycogen is depleted but when you take a sedentary person who has really high glucose insulin inflammation and transitioning them completely devoid of carbohydrates they have uh they'll have a lot of issues that they kind of have to go through and I think that's where exogenous ketones may may come into play uh but also when they're in nutritional ketosis you do have not only as glucose and Insulin kind of controlled uh but neuropeptide Y which actually goes up when we fast uh is is regulated in ways there's a lot of neuro neur viewers don't with neuropeptide why uh it's it's actually a neuropeptide that's involved uh that's actually released when we when we fast um and it has uh I'm interested in it because it has anti-convulsant effects and there's certain receptors and Pathways in the brain that uh that are activated by neuropeptide Y and there's uh the literature is not really clear on exact what it does but from a pharmacology point of view it tends to hyperpolarize the uh the membrane potential of neurons and it keeps keeps the brain sort of in a in a it helps regulate homeostasis in the brain and it has some interesting effects on appetite regulation too but I think another thing to acknowledge is that the ketones themselves uh have a satiating effect and help to control appetite because it helps helps to boost and maintain brain energy metabolism if you keep the brain Happy by giving it fuel it's going to say it's not going to have that stress response and you're not going to get these Cravings you know if you deprive it of its fuel it's going to go in a stress response and you're going to be seeking High you know uh hyper palatable Foods in the form of you know salty very very sugary foods to to mitigate the stress response but if you're feeding the brain ketones it has a steady fuel Supply and I think some of the uh a large part of the uh glucose withdrawal and issues that people have in transitioning to a ketogenic diet much of that could be mitigated with ketogenic supplementation whether that be you know coconut oil would be the simplest MCT there's a powdered MCT that I really like to the more powerful exogenous ketones that are on the that are let's talk about that right I mean let's talk about now exogenous ketones because we put people like I said in ketosis keto adaptation like I said in a healthy person it takes two or three weeks right and you know you're you're telling us that some you know these people that have trouble breaking through you know we have utilized pulling them out of it eventually moving them back in and you're saying hey it's just time right and and you're right I I I agree with that we've we've found that um and we've used our diet variation where we you know switching people's diets around uh to break them in later and it seems to work but let's talk about these exogenous ketones because we've got a lot of questions about them and and merth you have them there uh you know first of all a question that I have right ketones are a byproduct of breaking fat down and your body makes these ketones to make up the glucose the energy right at the cellular level so uh when we put someone in ketosis we're you know cutting their carbohydrates down so much that their body has to start burning fat it starts utilizing fat more efficiently and it makes ketones that the brain can use the body loves to use okay we get the benefits you said them I mean turning off genes balancing energy all these amazing things for the brain and our body okay so if we take ketones okay exogenously we take them would that shut off fat metabolism eventually could it are there side effects yeah that's a great question uh I think we need to acknowledge that ketones are a calorie containing uh food really so almost like a fourth macronutrient really right so you have fats you have carbohydrates and protein and I think of ketones is like if you take you know longchain fatty acids and and you chop it up like a like a you throw it into a wood chipper right you get these small molecules and these are water soluble fat molecules I think of Ketone bodies and then these have the capacity to cross the blood brain barrier and then you know maintain brain energy metabolism unlike longchain fatty acids which are stored in our atopos or or consumed in most fat sources uh when we consume if we're in a state of natural ketosis with just strictly the ketogenic diet and we consume a large bolus of exogenous ketones in the form of like powerful Esters or uh Ketone salts uh what you will see so we want to do some respiratory quotient you know look at look at we're using a metabolic cart we pl to study this phenomenon but I think I think you could probably turn down fat metabolism a little bit but it would be turn down less if uh you were to consume an equal amount of calories from uh carbohydrates absolutely and protein even so you can maintain the fat burning process much much longer and and give your brain a high energy source uh you may turn down fat metabolism a little bit just because you're putting energy into the system whenever you're putting energy into the system right any system you're going to turn off the oxidation of fats to make those ketones your body is going to regulate that pretty well and it does that pretty well with exogenous ketones so when we take EXO exogenous ketones our our blood Ketone levels will get elevated to a point where it causes a very small release of insulin and that small release of insulin nowhere near is what you'd get if you drink a sugary drink or even protein that small amount of insulin will start to turn down hepatic ketogenesis that's how we actually regulate so when we're making ketones our Ketone levels get higher with a ketogenic diet and then we have Ketone Uria and then if they get really high there's a there's a ketone induced release of insulin and that will turn down hepatic ketogenesis okay so I guess maybe an easier way to describe it if I'm fasting or if I'm on a ketogenic diet and someone injects insulin into me that insulin is going to shut off my that's going to put me in a kind of a bad situation because it's going to be make me hypoglycemic and also turn down my body's ability to to make its own ketones although there's a lag time it'll take like an hour or two and there was an interesting experiment actually done at Harvard by uh George Cahill who is a Pioneer in in fasting and ketogenic research and he fasted people for 40 days and adapted their brains to being in ketosis and there's no way you could reproduce this study nowadays because it could never pass IRB to completely and they looked at blood going to the brain and blood coming out and they found that about two-thirds of the brain energy after about 10 days with being derived from ketones and in that state of fasting ketosis he injected them with 20 IUS of insulin which would be fatal to most people but these the people that were in a in a fasted condition they were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia and they were even they're Co they did cognitive function tests and they even perform performed well on cognitive function tests yeah uh and their blood glucose went down to one to two Millar which would give a seizure and a coma for most people but because their ketones were elevated they had extreme metabolic resilience against hypoglycemia they didn't even feel it and that's when someone's in nutritional ketosis or someone's using exogenous ketones and they have dips in blood glucose which causes Cravings it makes you hangry and irrit you know irritable it shuts down performance you're resilient against that you're you're kind of Bonk proof because your brain is being you know using another fuel but getting back to your question yeah it can start to turn down fat metabolism a little bit just because you're putting more energy into the system but at the same time you're enhancing all the metabolic pathways that allow your body to use ketones for fuel so you're enhancing mitochondrial biogenesis you're enhancing mitochondrial efficiency so you consume ketones your Ketone levels get elevated and then come back down when you burn them up and if you do that over and over it's actually enhancing your metabolic pathways in mitochondria to make you a better fat burner and a better Ketone utilizer over time so you think the best benefit would be when someone's adapting this three- week time when they're adapting that's a better time to take them is there I think so when you're in ketosis let's say you're just full-blown ketosis is there a benefit taking them then I think I think think yeah there's definitely a benefit in that transition phase yeah and if someone's fasting maybe if someone's choosing to do intermittent fasting and they only one time a day like at night we only we one and a half we don't eat breakfast you know we go you know we do that daily all the time so so good let's finish your point yeah that so maybe doing that and further kind of increasing your ketones throughout the day if you need a boost you know someone could do that but I think the main application would be transitioning into a ketogenic Di diet and maintaining uh enhancing that compliance because I find the biggest issue with people following the ketogenic diet is compliance due to Cravings due to just that that transition period if they can get through that transition period at about the three to four to you know up to six week Mark they really start you know knowing the benefits getting the especially if they do blood work they'll see their insulin levels are under control their their inflammation goes down their glucose is under control uh they'll see all these health benefits starting to come up and if they want to get for athletes a performance boost so you could use a intra workout pre-workout intra workout um and I just think in general that ketones may be you know like I said it's more than just a metabolic fuel right it's it's affecting gene expression so if someone's was consuming them you could expect that you'll be activating Pathways that are anti-inflammatory you'll be activating path Pathways that epigenetically you know regulate uh endogenous antioxidant Pathways that you know longevity Pathways even so these are becoming a focus of the the major Labs that are looking at longevity now there was a a paper published in enco Target and I think the title of the paper is beta hydroxy berate the the longevity metabolite you know and it's has a elegant kind of experiments where done in celegans the nematode worm where the original calorie restriction was kind of done using this model and and in that model you get an extension of Life about 25% if you calorie restrict uh the worms to se elegant you can mimic that same effect independent of calorie restriction simply by feeding beta hydroxybutyrate wow you can extend the lifespan so it mimics many of the effects of calorie restriction and I know Dr cir it's really big on restriction he really big on calorie restriction and I think you know you know I think maybe when we started originally talking he was thinking that a lot of the benefits being derived from the ketogenic diet were simply due to calorie restriction we did some studies showing that it's more than just calorie restriction it's the effects of the ketones but if you are in ketosis and you calorie restrict you get like a a twofer you know you get like a double Wham you get the benefits of calorie restriction and then the benefits the one of the problems I always have with caloric restrictions nobody can do it when they're just saying I'm just not eat right it's not sustainable however when you caloric restrict because you're just not hungry that's the way that's when people look at the okowa people or these people these groups that live long and they they don't eat much it's they're not not eating because they're going I'm just gluttonous I'm gonna push it away they eat less because they're not hungry because they're efficient fat burners they're efficient utilizing ketones and fat in really that's what I want people to understand is that's the state where you're increasing your life you know you're you're eating less you're chloric restricting we chloric restrict every day but I'm not hungry you know so and that's because we're so efficient at fat burning and you know obviously it takes time to get there you know utilizing these strategies that we're talking about so exogenous ketones you feel are most useful you know in that transition uh you know absolutely I could see that right where people are going to fail so once somebody adapts is there still a benefit to taking it and I also want you to say how often should people take it I mean how much in a day and also which ones do you like so there's three questions and long-term risks still wondering about that longterm risks okay uh okay that's a lot of questions so sorry man I I just I'm so excited about this I know I know I'm coming out of my skin because I'm thinking gosh if I don't get these questions answered I I fail my viewers well as you know know I'm a big fan of the ketogenic diet so I follow the ketogenic diet too and uh and I just like eating that way like I like the foods that are part of a ketogenic diet and I would more or less call it like a modified uh Atkins or modified ketogenic diet because instead of 90% fat you know I'm probably getting about uh 60 to 75% fat that's what I do as well yeah okay and that would fall under that's a little that's away from the clinically used ketogenic diet and that falls in the Camp of the the modified ains or modified ketogenic diet and from a clinical perspective that's being Advanced by uh Dr Eric kosoff at John's Hopkins has sort of been using that diet very successfully for for seizures and whatnot and it's written some elegant reviews on that showing the literature showing that you don't have to be this strict you don't have to necessarily be on a 90% fat diet that was the original John's Hopkins protocol he's having very good success ESS with the modified Ain so I think that's really what athletes will benefit more from because it's higher in protein and we know we do need protein for rebuilding you know after workouts to maintain lean body mass so uh in the context of that diet your ketones are going to be a little bit lower you know than the than the standard ketogenic diet so instead of you know three or four you're going to be hitting one or two but you could bump it up from a clinical scenario you could bump it up to three or four or molar I personally feel best like between one and two millimolar and when I for you know if I take exogenous ketones and I start getting up above three to four to five I just don't feel I start to feel a little loopy like I get like a like a ketone Euphoria or something especially if I'm sitting at my desk you know no I have to say that that's true but I I only got it when I took the exous keton so I was probably around one or two because I intermittent fast daily so I'll hit High ketones even when I'm not in ketosis towards the afternoon right yeah and I took some exogenous ketones and I said gosh I I almost felt a little loopy just like you said I I felt something that's what I felt I didn't realize I didn't T Test my ketones at that point it's happened twice to me so that's what it was and it could range from uh even if I take MCT like a lot of it I start to get like a little bit anxious sometimes like it's sending so much energy to my brain I guess especially if I'm in like a kind of a wellfed or kind of a a well-rested situation but sometimes I've you know if I'm traveling overseas and missing a couple nights of sleep and sleep deprived those the Ketone supplements really help in the context of that situation like I was talking you know with the special ops community and they're really big on using modil or provigil which is kind of like a stimulant or amphetamine Dex dexamphetamine uh but the ketones actually are a natural way that they think you know they can preserve their uh cognitive and physical performance under conditions of you know missing a few nights of sleep they do their operations at night time so a lot of a lot of the guys are sleep deprived uh so I think in the context of you know sleep deprivation and stress ketones can really shine and I I use them more sort of in that scenario but I don't really besides MCT I'll put MCT in my coffee MCT powder I use Quest Nutrition makes a really good one uh actually help you know test test that product uh and and I like it a lot uh but I just I will use Ketone supplementation I tend to eat a small relatively small breakfast uh high protein you know ketogenic high fat breakfast and I don't eat for 12 hours yeah what would that your breakfast just people are curious yeah so it'll vary like uh so I went a couple weeks just doing one meal per day and I started you know losing weight about one pound per week I just can't maintain you know my size and my strength and I don't you know I don't I'm not I don't desire to be like really big but my my weight is about 100 kilograms so I like to kind of I feel that's a good weight for me for my height uh and it starts to drop below that if I start to do the one you know one meal a day intermittent fasting so in the morning I do one and a half to two and my sweet spot you know I get about you know 18 hours maybe you know I'm saying of fasting maybe 19 yeah yeah that's my sweet spot so yeah you have to find your sweet spot yeah that's what I find too uh so yesterday I'm traveling so uh actually the hotel had breakfast but uh and I could ate here but I had I had sardines packed in olive oil and I had and I had uh oysters packed in olive oil and I you know have little bags of spinach that I brought so I just like put that in the thing and ate that and I had to wake up real early for a meeting so I just down that and and you know and that was my meal and then in the evening I'll have like had a like a fish salad with avocado and uh actually get avocado oil and I'll put a mixture of like Olive avocado oil and MCT oil in a salad dressing and use that and uh usually some kind of uh protein beef chicken fish a lot of fish uh used to eat a lot more beef and chicken in the past but now about 50% of my dinner would be some type of fish uh usually with a uh a green vegetable that could be asparagus I love asparagus uh broccoli cauliflower mashed potatoes is probably a big staple of mine because you you make the mashed potatoes and you can add a lot of butter to it and even like a little bit of MCT uh and that becomes like a really uh or coconut oil and that becomes a pretty good you know staple of mine so it varies but I you know I I generally keep the ketogenic ratios depend even if I'm at home or if I'm traveling and I found ways people use the excuse of well I can't do the diet just because I'm I'm travel too much as much as we travel yeah yeah at all just yeah it makes it easier actually I think it makes it a lot easier because you know what you're gonna eat what do you like about the powdered MCT versus the liquid we we we ask because maybe we should carry it here we we have a we have a nice liquid but yeah yeah I I like the liquid too uh the thing if I just take the liquid on an empty stomach my tolerability is about me too yeah one and a half tablespoons maybe two tablespoons on an empty stomach if I add it to food it's a little bit better so uh about a year or so ago you know I was kind of working with Quest Nutrition just kind of as a just helping them because I I want them to develop a ketogenic meal line and they were developing a medium chain triglyceride and they they spr coat uh the triglyceride with a probiotic soluble fiber and uh and it's Quest you know MCT oil powder is out there and I you know I I tested it and realized that it allows a person to take more MCT uh I think I could tolerate up to 12 to 15 Scoops per day and I could literally keep my ketones at about 1.5 to 2 Millar per day above what I normally do because the powder when you ingest it the soluble fiber tends to slow gastric absorption a little bit so a lot of the issues people have with MCTS is that it just kind of goes through you so fast but when it's spray dried with the soluble powder then uh and there will probably be other versions of powdered MCTS coming out that are you know formulated in different ways but I found that you know I don't have the GI issues especially on an empty stomach and since I can tolerate more I can get my Ketone levels up yeah that's problem I have if I do even two tablespoons I'm like blo it out run into the can you know yeah for traveling too it it's much easier to travel with a powder than with a liquid right so if I'm traveling overseas I can just dig a little ziplock bag and pour in you know uh you know some scoops of MCTS and bring it with me and it's not looked at suspiciously you know when you go through uh security so it's it's a practical and and it tastes really good so if you just add it to Coffee it tastes like coffee creamer so I find this to be really versal and I think most um okay got it so I kind of helped you know beta test this and then I was at Nutrition Smart and I saw it's already on the Shelf already you can get powdered coconut oil and powdered uh MCT oil and there's there's no there's absolutely no like uh artificial sweeteners or no fillers or or anything in there I think they use a little bit of calcium quinate just to coat it but it's like no no protein amount uh and they use a soluble fiber to spray coat it and uh yeah it's really tasty and and pable so that's kind of my choice there's another product on the market keto it's made by keto Sports and it's a sodium and potassium beta hydroxy berate powder and one could just like combine you know the MCT powder with the beta hydroxy berate salt together and this is kind of what I do in the afternoon like I'll eat my if I need an extra kick I'll do a scoop of each okay so you do that the afternoon a lot I do not all the time but uh right but I do especially if I'm at my desk and I'm have long days ahead of me like midday I'll get i'll boost my ketones I'm usually sitting at about you know 1.2 to 1.5 millimar in the day and if I take a little bit of that it shoots me up to like 2.5 and up to three and I feel like I can really hammer out and really really focus on had for you which your favorite exogenous Ketone like I I actually she just sent me um well had someone send me that that the one you just mentioned sample of the keto Cana yeah which is the salt you said to clarify for our viewers it is what it's a ketone salt yes it's beta hydroxy berate with sodium and potass or sodium and calcium is that the you like I I like it yeah it's there's uh there's a lot there's there's a few multi-level ones which yeah there's uh there's some other ones and they kind of claim to use sort of the the thing the product that we used in the lab and they are to their credit they are using sort of a formula the formula that we tested in the lab with MCT combined with beta hydroxy beate salts and that combination gives a better pharmaco kinetic profile it's better ated and we see kind of enhanced therapeutic effects when that combination of the MCTS and beta hydroxy berate are used together so you have you know prove it is is out there they sell a product keto OS which is pretty good I like that product uh and the ketok products there's also a company out there it's probably the actually the the stuff I've been testing recently and I really like it it's called kenic and uh kenic is new I think they kind of stay a little bit low profile uh but it's a quad salt which means there's sodium potassium calcium and magnesium beta hydroxybutyrate combined with a powdered MCT product and uh I have some bags around here somewhere in my suitcase but uh I've been testing that and what I do during the day uh when I'm fasted up to about two in the afternoon I'll check my ketones and I'll take the product and I've been testing different I usually test a product five times so I'll get five curves of my glucose and ketones every time and I really like the the kenics products it's a little bit maybe watered down so it could be I think they're going to make a product that's more geared toward the medical community but the kenics uh MCT Ketone salt product is one that I've been testing and I really like it it's on the market now Caine you like you henics you like and the proved products pretty good too I like that the pro it you know I mean one of the things that I've seen with some of the advertising I don't know if it's proven or one of them but you know it's almost like they're saying um hey get you know this will put you in ketosis faster well not really just it just puts ketones in your blood that doesn't mean you're in ketosis would you agree with that yeah I think the the marketing is definitely over the top and it's not something that I approve of I actually uh I'm not associated with any of these companies I don't have ownership or yeah I'm not a I don't I'm not spokesperson for any of these products but what we do like our University will create some intellectual property behind specific types of ketones and their combinations and some of the some of the companies have you know gotten licens for that with the with the the stipulation is that they have to use this specific kind of Ketone in this specific combination because if they're using things outside of you know if they're using a different kind of Ketone salt or a different formula then they're not going to be getting the The Beneficial effects of the ketones that we see because we spent a lot of time and effort identifying what ketones would be most therapeutic and most efficacious so and that that a lot of that time and effort was a lot of money to to Really nail down the ideal formulas uh and I think that these these guys you know coming out with products I think it's a good it'll in no way will the they be anywhere as near as potent as the Ketone Esters so the Esters uh are will be incredibly ketogenic and they will be in the realm of the Special Operations community and also as medical foods and you know I'm working with a company that they think they might be able to bring this to Market to the general population too so it'll be like sort of like these products times two eventually in the market but they they don't taste good so the more potent a ketone product is there's like the palatability is like inversely proportional to the potency right so the more potent these keto ners are the more UNP they become so we're working on the pability issue and I think that'll be solved in about within six months and there'll be a product on the market that's very potent yeah you know I mean I'd be interested in talking to you about doing it just a physician line of this you know that you know ketoester products just a physician line not overthe counter prescription you know but a physician line of products like we carry most mostly physician line supple mation that can only be bought through uh Physicians and maybe that's a way to go with that product yeah yeah that's we need to we're doing a lot of the safety studies right now and the idea is to within the near future to get generally recognize as safe is what's called grass you know get grass approval for the product and all the data is there and we've done chronic you know 15 we very high does feeding studies where we look at liver function kidney function every possible you know biomarker and we know that this is safe so it's putting this together as a package and just showing it to the FDA that uh these break down to bioidentical Ketone molecules when they're ingested so you break the eser bond with intracellular esterases and it liberates the Ketone and whatever it's esterified to we use usually something found in nature can go to the liver and that also gets broken down into energy metabolites and even ketones so uh that's we've been putting together different types of vestors and I think the main application right now though is for these genetic disorders and the special ops Community but I think a sort of less potent or sort of mid-range somewhere between the Ketone salt products and somewhere between sort of the special ops Community product somewhere in the middle that it won't be like you know dangerously potent but it'll be something that could would really be of interest to Elite level uh athletes I think and and also for for like a physician what what you mentioned a physician based medical line I think would be important right yeah so you know I mean I think you motivated me to you know when I'm in ketosis you just use some exogenous ketones as that boost kind of like you do right lacking sleep or you know don't have a time you know just use it as a boost otherwise my body's producing it uh by itself through the breakdown of fat which is important I think I'm going to start utilizing it more as we've been experimenting with it in these people that are trying to break in to ketosis I was worried that it might slow it down they may not keto adapt if they're taking exogenous ketones and you're saying that that that's not the case that it would help with the symptoms but not stop them from breaking into ketosis that true yeah I think it could mitigate the symptoms and also maybe stimulate those ketolytic Pathways so stimulate the metabolic pathways that are important for using ketones for fuel for shuttling ketones because if the ketones are there in the system like the body will actually upregulate the Transporters for that you know and uh and and if you have people uh patients that are type two diabetic what we find we have a paper under review now I think it just got accepted showing that when you give an exogenous Ketone it lowers blood glucose and we don't actually know how it's working but I can tell you from someone we do a lot of met Forin studies uh for our cancer research and we could I could say pretty convincingly that exogenous ketones have a much greater effect at lowering blood glucose than like a g than a uh a diabetic drug like like metformin so it's really potent so I think this could uh be a pretty effective way to manage type two diabetes exting that's a big population of people they have trouble fasting right I mean so person utilizing ketones would make even a fast which is has all types of different benefits even than ketosis you know you can utilize that you know safe fre always says glucose down ketones up ketones up glucose down yeah you know they how that happens uh you know obviously the body you know regulates they work opposite so I I can see this being utilized you know we love fasting people intermittently long four day fast 10day fast you know whether it's uh beef stock whe water or just water and uh you know this this could really make a diabetic break into fasting um a lot easier if they just have that little bit of fuel yeah that's great that you do that because I think not only are you deriving a lot of physiological benefits or you know by enhancing metabolic physiology with a fast but you're also training the patient to not be psychologically dependent upon food and I think that that uh you know I've talked to a lot of people who fast and many of them some of them had what I would call like a preoccupation with food and just you know they're obsessed with eating and and by doing intermittent fasting or just you know occasionally doing fast it it they feel like it puts them in control of of the food initially they might get some like crazy Cravings but after they do it for a while they feel like they have so much more psychological kind of control over their appetite appetite becomes regulated because their metabolic physiology improves and it has a double effect by improving sort of their overall psychology behind food itself you know Dr Dom you should see the benefits we know we we teach people uh to even do a four-day fast once a month every other month and every fast we see a different level of healing because just what happens I mean I don't even think we understand from a scientific point of these amazing things that transform metabolically you know throughout the body I mean at the cellular level every fast heals and it periodic fasting just reconditions the body like I said that's how you get them eventually becoming efficient at utilizing fat and ketones and you know remarkable things happen during fast yeah I think you know that's definitely the case with almost everybody but I think you got to gauge the fast a little different I'm sure there's an art and science to to how you do this uh you know when it comes to some of the patients that contacted me some of them have are cancer patients that have gone through chemo the standard of care it failed and they want to know what options and some of them if they are sort of have a healthy or a high BMI you know they are they are ideal candidates for a fast you know they've been told to drink as much andure and sugary things as possible you get the patient that has uh chemotherapy is incredibly catabolic and contributes to CIA so sometimes you get patients that are kind of wasted and they really need to build themselves up and sometimes fasting is not sort of the best situation for them but a ketogenic diet uh that's well formulated could you know actually add muscle if they do some strength training on top of that we completed a study it's under review hopefully published soon that uh an elite level sort of advanced athlet showing that you can actually add lean body mass over an we study with a ketogenic diet so can lay down new muscle on when I go into ketosis I actually gain muscle because I spare my muscle honestly my body just kind of eats muscle uh too easy especially if I'm doing Endurance Sports but when I'm mean ketosis I spare my muscle when I'm doing Endurance Sports and I actually you know can put muscle on so it really benefits me that way and that's why we use way water fasting often times for those those people we use beef stock fasting so we utilize and of course we use ketosis in fasting so we utilize these things in different tools but ultimately the Restriction I mean saf fre is Right restriction plays a role but it again it's not you know purposely necessarily caloric restricting diets you know we get people to the point where they automatically start eating less uh but we do it through a lot of these you know temporary restricted moments whether it is ketosis whether it is a fast whether it is daily intermittent fasting it works I mean it's just amazing happens and many people fear losing muscle mass when they get into ketosis or you would suggest a ketogenic diet but that's not usually the case necessarily true I mean it's gonna each person you got to adjust the calories and the level of protein uh but no that's not the case you can gain muscle and I'm a big proponent of you know resistance training too so I think if you couple the ketogenic diet you could further enhance you know the muscle building effects with resistance training obviously my son went he put on like just massive muscle like that when he went into ketosis and you know he definitely you know he kept his protein uh you know up and his uh caloric intake probably more so than the average person looking to lose weight but but it worked for him he gained all this muscle and lean 17 years old he got ripped and lean and put on muscle it was amazing to watch well we're at the end of our time I'm tell we could probably do three hour this is a topic that we love you know I know great yeah exactly we could go on my you know make us a promise you're gonna come on again because I would love to yeah would love to I'm sure'll be more questions too as you know fire away but you know I would love to even have you gush you know maybe we should get him an April seminar you know Stephen finny and you Dominic you know so we'll see if your schedule's clear I mean this would you know there's just so much to learn I look this is an important tool you know really that I believe is part of an answer answer to an epidemic of problems and why people don't feel well hormone neurological conditions neurodegenerative conditions you know I mean just fatigue I mean everything that people are about brain fog I mean all these conditions what we're talking about is part of the answer you know and that's why I we want to get this message out you know yeah to get it mainstream like I'm you know I'm at a medical college or medical school has a few hundred medical students and I'm giving a lecture on all this uh in about three weeks and you know the enthusiasm from the medical students they're like we don't get well they for first of all they're not taught any nutrition and then this is like something that's completely foreign to them but I'll give a little lecture on it or mention it in a lecture even though you know it's not it's not part of what they should be learning because it's not part of the medical boards so the school kind of dictates what's on the curriculum based on what's on the boards because they want the scores to be good but from a the standpoint of the student interest they have more interest in this than than most topics that they're covering so I get a lot of interest from medical students saying I want to incorporate this into my practice like we're not even taught this information it is so important I mean it could literally put type two diabetic into remission and we're not we're just taught to you know write a prescription and and not tell them you know uh to change you know they treat they they say you know how should we uh lower you know a a diabetics blood glucose well with more insulin that's how you lower a type you know a diabetics glucose so they're not they're not talked to uh use food as medicine and I think that needs to get mainstream and what we're talking about is really a powerful metabolic therapy it's not a fat diet no that that message needs to get out now this is a this is a tool that uh you know we've seen work for so many different things and just transformed so many lives and and really it's part of our you know who we are as humans I mean you know every culture that's lived long and healthy ketosis is a part of it yeah no doubt about it well gosh you know so we will have to do a part two yes we have to do a part two thank you so much Dom for your amazing research and what you're doing to get this information out to the public uh any final words uh I just want to thank you guys like I said for getting this information out there because I could spend all my time in the lab but if it's not people not for people like you that recognize that this research has tremendous benefits for the end user the patients uh I think I'm just very thankful for that that you kind of acknowledge you know the research that we're doing I do I I I'm working on a more comprehensive website but I do have a website where I've compiled information uh us that website right now keto ketonutrition.org and uh I'm working on another one maybe even a podcast in a more extensive blog uh in the future that's sort of in the pipeline something that I'm working on uh I would like to get you know we could talk offline a a list of the doctors so I would like to add sort of the doctors that are ketogenic Savvy nutritionists that are keto Savvy I guess so I can put it on that website as a list of resources for patients to go to absolutely we have we have doctors trained around the country in this and and you had said you know you really have to work those watching with someone who is trained because light depletion there's a lot of things that people do wrong absolutely y you know lose muscle get sick rapid heart rate drop of energy we we see it all and it's common mistakes that are made so absolutely you want to work with a practitioner who understands keto adaptation for sure and we'll give you that list doc because okay great we're training doctors around the country that understand these principles of fasting and ketosis and cellular healing and detox I mean that's what we do so you know thank you and keto nutrition.org you know we absolutely send people there and we'll give you the practitioners for there and we're going to do a part two Dominic thank you so much thanks for having me appreciate it absolutely thanks Dom and if you're watching want to know more about the ketogenic diet head over to Dr pompus website Dr ppa.com uh two articles on ketosis um one kind of laying out the framework and then another on troubleshooting shooting and um if you're kind of wondering about Dr Thomas Saed who we mentioned as well did an episode with him it was I Believe episode number 95 on Dr Pomp's YouTube channel and you can check that out as well okay great awesome check it out um thank you thanks everyone for watching and um we will see you next week and we're gonna be interviewing um Robbie bner on um emfs electromagnetic fields and I'm learning a lot more about that and some of the the health issues surrounding those so so tune in next week for episode 99 and um we'll see you next time thanks for watching for

  Top Comments:
  1. @mixedmelodies [6 likes]: Amazing Interview! I have been struggling with multiple health issues all due to severe inflammation.  I weigh 300 lbs and over the last 5 years I have been very compliant when trying new diets but even calorie restriction and a vegan diet didn't help reduce my weight but didn't help me lose any either and the body pain was better but not gone.   Addressing the issue on a cellular level has been the obvious solution for awhile now and videos like this one are really helping me on my health journey. Thank you!
  2. @nutri.jordanoliveira [1 likes]: I don't feel good on a high fat diet.. Does it mean that my digestion isn't good or that I'm a carb type (Nutritional Typing) ?
  3. @bkid59 [1 likes]: I have actually understood 95% of what has been discussed bravo , I felt as thought I was involved, that makes me appreciate the information and exchange.
  4. @stew4665 [1 likes]: Awesome! I really enjoyed this.
  5. @TP10190a [1 likes]: D'Agostino is so incredibly insightful - I love listening to his interviews and this is one of the best that I've listened to. 

Great comments Dr. Pompa re: calorie restriction; it took me several months on a ketogentic diet before I started noticing that I really am not hungry much of the time. I now eat when I'm hungry but when I first started the diet I was hungry much more often. One thing I struggle with is the high calorie additions, for instance large latte with unsweetened whipping cream or "fat--bombs". I enjoy them but don't really need them and I have a hard time knowing whether to cut these things out completely to ensure a bit more weight loss. Some might say that having these will reduce hunger in general the rest of the time.
  6. @pearlofyahuah8472: screw big pharma!!!!
  7. @Chimonger1: Very interesting discussion!
  8. @lovetoplayharp: Thank you! Great interview and information.
  9. @tonyzamberlin: Is the Ketone diet sustainable long-term for a vegan?
  10. @Law-of-Scholars: interesting..
  11. @paigeblaken7035: #Jason Dames D'Agostino is so incredibly insightful - I love listening to his interviews and this is one of the best that I've listened to. 

Great comments Dr. Pompa re: calorie restriction; it took me several months on a ketogentic diet before I started noticing that I really am not hungry much of the time. I now eat when I'm hungry but when I first started the diet I was hungry much more often. One thing I struggle with is the high calorie additions, for instance large latte with unsweetened whipping cream or "fat--bombs". I enjoy them but don't really need them and I have a hard time knowing whether to cut these things out completely to ensure a bit more weight loss. Some might say that having these will reduce hunger in general the rest of the time. @Michelle Proctor
  12. @Quesadiaboy: Could someone please suggest a detailed video on how to switch from a high carb diet to a keto diet
  13. @Soldier4ChristUK: The euphoric comments ring true with myself , I thought it was just me . Yes , I have changed my diet to a vast reduction in refined carbs . Now I take protein , veg juices , good fats , 5 to 7 pints of distilled water a day , omega 3 via wild salmon and descent balanced capsules etc etc Goodness me even bad news can not knock my euphoric state .   I think if the world was on a ketone diet we would all be running naked through the fields of peace and happiness ha ha ha I must try some mct powder and get to the next level . I may apply for the job of Santa Clause this year , he takes a night I believe I can get that down to half a night . Forget the mct powder as it seems coconut oil is better , although there are some differences .
  14. @vegetablepolice: I'm feeling great benefits with intermittent fasting as well.  Truly amazing ;)  I also follow a high fat diet, though it's plant based.  Definitely works!
  15. @RobinKirbyGatto: AWESOME VIDEO!!!!
  16. @gilleslejeune6823: I’ve lost 35 pounds in 6 months by suppressing all processed food, and increasing fruits and vegetables. A large amount of this 35 pounds was fat, How is it possible without being in keto ?
  17. @NeedBalance: Great video! There are so many incredible benefits to nutritional ketosis. I have seen shocking results!
  18. @msgatormary65: This is so amazing!!!...
Thank You!!!...
  19. @trinidadrodriguez6195: I have something that can help people that are emotional eaters stay in the low carb Ketogenic diet and would love to send you samples, it's not mess!
  20. @vincentscully8422: If I'm doing intermittent fasting, what time of day should I take my exogenous ketones? Do they interfere with the fast?

- Keto Changed Their Lives But Their LDL Went Up: Expert Panel: Kind: captions Language: en-US Here at Metabolic Mind, we're excited for you to see a new documentary called "The Cholesterol Code." You might be wondering why we're so interested in cholesterol, but this documentary is about far more than just cholesterol. It highlights members of our community, who have used ketogenic therapy to address serious mental illnesses like bipolar disorder, major depression, and anorexia nervosa, and who faced a real dilemma when their LDL rose significantly as a result. "The Cholesterol Code" explores their journeys and, while it may not have all the answers, it sheds important light on a critical question. We were also fortunate to host a panel of discussion after a special screening, where these individuals shared their stories firsthand. We hope you enjoy the recording. For Dave, for Wide Eye, for the Baszucki, for hosting this, for having us all here. And as you can see through the documentary, the science is really at the, kind of at the core, you could say, asking the questions, examining maybe what some don't want examined. So some see science as the star of this film. I sort of see it as the supporting star. The real stars are the individuals, because it's not just science for science sake. This is science because it affects people's lives. As you can see, as it was so well documented in this film, how people's lives depend on answering these questions and looking into it. And we're so fortunate to have four of the individuals that you just saw on the screen, who are here live and in person with us. So let's welcome to the stage, first, Robyn Dobbins, Dr. Eric Rodgers, Michelle Herman, and Lauren Kennedy West. All right, let's have a seat. Now I sort of feel like we kind of don't need to introduce everybody because we just saw them on the screen. But real quick introduction. So Robin reversed her bipolar disorder predominantly with a ketogenic diet. And interestingly, as you heard, she started it to lose weight and lower her cholesterol. And lo and behold, all of her symptoms of bipolar depression started to whittle away. And of course, her cholesterol over time went up and she's only been able to maintain it for seven years. So pretty remarkable. But with an LDL of 300 and a calcium score of zero. So what to do? Dr. Eric Rodgers lived with severe depression for many, many years. And as a marathon runner, eating a high carbohydrate diet to start to develop pre-diabetes. So he said, "Why don't I try this low carb ketogenic diet for that?" And similar to Robin, started to see his depression just kind of melt away, remarkably in ways he hadn't seen before. But of course, his LDL went up with an elevated calcium score. So as you saw in the documentary, decides to take a medication to lower his LDL. So we're going to ask you about that as well. And then it's kind of weird to introduce yourselves to yourselves. Here I am introducing yourself. So Michelle Herm, who at 12 years old was an inpatient treatment center for anorexia and really had racing thoughts about food, struggling to eat and live with this for many, many years. And sort of out of desperation tried an animal based ketogenic diet and again saw reversal within weeks of her eating disorder thoughts, her anxiety, her anxiety around food, and also with an elevation in her LDL cholesterol. And finally, Lauren Kennedy West, who has documented her own journey, quite dramatically and in a very sort of honest and raw way on her YouTube channel. So if you haven't seen it, I highly recommend you check it out - @LivingWellAfterSchizophrenia until she's tried a ketogenic diet in 2024 and with dramatic improvements working with her psychiatrist tapering off her medications now living well after schizophrenia. So with that introduction, let's jump into some questions. Now, I mean, a lot of this has to do with how does this treatment compare to other treatments that you've had? So Michelle, let's start with you about, the range of treatments, the type of treatments and what they did and did not do for you as you were living with your eating disorder. Oh my goodness. Yeah. And you know, what's interesting to me is anorexia and eating disorders, across the United States, there's not a standard of care. You can go to someplace, a rehab center in California, completely different in Texas, different in Hawaii. And what was also very interesting to me is the tube feeding formulas are the exact same formulas that when I was 12. It's still like high fructose corn syrup, maltodextrin, soy protein. Yeah. So the treatments that I went through when I was actually 12 and I was in treatment, I was put on seven different medications, basically to kind of zonk you out because I was so anxious. Yeah. I had multiple therapists. I had all kinds of, gosh, but you know, it was always the standard American diet. They always came back to that. I remember many therapists and other people telling me, "You will know you are well when you can eat all foods." and many eating disorders, they're right. They literally will put you in a room and you have to eat these cookies. I remember when I was 12, at that point I was the last class of individuals that went through where they combined the adults and adolescents after that they separated laws and made you separate. But I remember the adults, one adult came up to me and was like, "Do not tell them you're anxious. Tell them you feel fine, so they'll let us go." I was like, "Why?" I'm so anxious. "Don't say anything. Say you're fine." Like it was literally almost a game. You would gain weight. There's a great article that was written about the fact that, it's called crisis and care. People with eating disorders go into treatment, gain weight rapidly, come out of treatment, lose weight rapidly, and the cycle continues. So, and you know, that was kind of what I was doing. I was weight stable through adolescents, but that constant, always worrying, thinking about food, having those blood, roller coaster up and down. So yeah, it wasn't until I really appreciated metabolic health. And I'm a registered dietician too. So it's amazing to me that I wasn't taught metabolic health or ketogenic diets in the dietetic program. Yeah. So now that you've improved your metabolic health, you're using ketogenic therapy, you've gotten, you've put your eating disorder into remission and anxiety and all the thoughts. What do you think your dietician colleagues will think about all this or what do they think about? Yeah, I'd like to think it's getting a little bit better as we start to have some research, more research papers. But when I first started talking about it, it was not okay. I'll never forget. I was still actually practicing in acute care and I went from, paralyzing anxiety, not being able to focus. I was running marathons, not running to completely changing my life on this low carb diet. And one dietician kind of like said, "Hey, I need to talk to you." And she's like, "All this meat is not good for your heart." And this dietician was obese, and it was just like the cognitive dissonance was amazing to me. I was like, "I think I'm doing okay." but once again, I think we really have to, we have to be a part of the people that shift the paradigm. I think one of my favorite things, and this was my first time seeing this documentary was they kept saying like, "We have to be curious. We have to ask questions." And if it's a question that bothers you and ask dieticians about keto or LDL that will bother them. That means we need to explore it. We need to see, you know, because if you had told me, gosh, throughout my twenties and early thirties that I could just feel so much better, you know, I could, you're going to be able to be calm and be focused and not be so inflamed. I wouldn't have believed you just because everything I was taught said the opposite. Now you all had your own journeys and I'm sure you all had some, maybe some doubts and some curiosities as you were starting with ketogenic therapy, but Lauren, you were the most public of everybody starting it. I mean, here you were sort of announcing it to your hundreds of thousands of followers on YouTube. So I'm curious how you felt when you were starting. Were you skeptical? Were you optimistic? "Everybody's going to think I'm crazy." Kind of what was going through your head? I think I was a little bit skeptical, honestly. I think I approached it from the perspective of, "Well, what harm could it do to try to improve my metabolic health?" Mmaybe it's not going to get to my symptoms of schizophrenia, but I don't know, the worst thing it can do is improve some other aspect of my health for the six months I'm dedicating to trying this." So I started sharing on our YouTube channel about this kind of N equals one real time experiment of using ketogenic therapy to try to see what effect it could have on my schizoaffective disorder. And I think maybe naively I anticipated a response of like, "Oh, thank you. Thank you for showing us this. This is really exciting. We're excited to see." Not the response at all. Well, that's not true. Like there were some people who were of that mind, but largely like hate and fear and calling me dangerous and harming the community. And so that's been a tough thing to try to navigate over the last two and a half years. But it's really interesting how, ingrained that skepticism, it's not even skepticism. I think it's a fear of the unknown and how much I guess identity gets in woven in things like navigating a chronic mental illness. And just to point out, you said your six month experiment, but it's now been, you said two and a half years? Two and a half years. Yeah, it went well. So I'm still doing it. Yeah. And so it's clear you've all been impacted your own lives dramatically, but also your family's lives. So Robin, I mean, nothing is more dramatic in this documentary than you your daughter and your husband and your family. And just what kind of impact has it had on them? How can you even summarize how it's changed your life and their lives? Well, that is a hard one to summarize. It's just absolutely, it's just different. Everything is different. Before, when I was really ill, I didn't really participate in anything that was going on. We were doing the bare minimum tasks, get you to school, feed you, make sure your homework is done, get you to bed. Just pretty regimented actually. This was being treated, right? You were actually in treatment. I'm in treatment. And yes, that's what life was like. Because when they were gone, if they were at school, I was asleep. Very sedated on the medications. And now, I mean, we've been here two days and my son's texting me all the time, like, very excited about us being here. And my daughter, she'll come back into the house after she leaves and realizes that she didn't give me a hug. So she'll come back in the house and give me a hug. She's 18 now. So she's getting ready to leave. I'm not sure what we're going to do without her in the house anymore. But it's just, you can't describe the difference. We went and did her senior photo shoot together this past weekend, and just got to spend some special time just she and I doing something together. And that just was completely unheard of when I was in those treatments. I think that's so dramatic to see on the film. So thank you for sharing that. And Eric, of course, we saw how it changed your life as well. But you present sort of the maybe what some people don't expect, right? LDL goes up and maybe we're learning that that's not important. But it seems like there's this kind of false dichotomy that like, "Oh, you don't have to treat it. Treating is bad. "We don't want to treat LDL." but you chose to. So maybe it's not such a dichotomy. Help us like go through your reasoning. Well, I think watching the movie helps me each time I watch it. Because right after I say "I choose to lower my LDL, I see a boot off in Agustin." Saying what they said. So yeah, there's not a lot of evidence in the situation I'm in with high CAC and a lean mass hyper responder. And so if I can lower it without having side effects is what I'm doing. Why not do that? And if someone said you had to stop the diet because of your- I can't stop the diet. That's actually interesting. Were you all told at some point to stop the diet or to consider stuff? I wasn't. They're disinterested. They're not interested and my doctors aren't interested in the diet. I want to say how I found it, if that's okay. How I found Keto. Oh please, please. So I'd had mild depression, and it would be years where I were pretty good. And then you would have extreme lows. I learned on the way over here that sometimes that's called double depression. That's not better. So they got progressively worse. And then the very last one, I actually lost interest in eating. So I started losing weight accidentally, and I got just a fraction better. And then I went to the bookstore and I said, "Well, you know, let's at least not gain all the weight back." And I saw an article in psychology today with Dr. Ede going to a conference, and I went to that conference, she sat with me. And where Dr. Palmer, discussed a patient who stopped hearing voices because of the keto diet. I remember that vividly. And so there you go. It was no brainer. And that was in 2017. So it's almost 10 years. And I've had a high CAC for about 10 years. Right and I think that's so important about, your case, and specifically in why so many people live like that. CACs don't have a timestamp on them, right? So you started ketogenic diet, it doesn't mean the calcium was built up after you started ketogenic diet. There are plenty of other reasons the way you've lived your life before, right? It's probably slowed down. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be either you're on the ketogenic diet, or your LDL is higher. It's not, you can do both, you can have high LDL and treat it. I mean, sorry, you can be on the ketogenic diet and treat your LDL if that's appropriate. So I think that's important to highlight. But the science is teaching us so much more. So are you comfortable with your LDL? Robin? I don't even think about my LDL on a normal basis. So yes, I'm comfortable with the decision I've made. Yeah. A way to change your lives. No one can blame you. No, there's, I say in the film, there's no reason to go back to how I was, just because of this one number, that to me, it is very significant. But to me, in my life, in my daily life is not a significant number, my overall well being, the joy that I feel on a daily basis, the energy that I have, the things that I can do now. There's no trading it because of that number. Like Dr. Unwin said, "Okay, if it's gonna shorten my time, then I'm okay with that because of how I feel now. But it sounds so pleasant when she says it with her British accent. Exactly. I didn't know how to say it the way she said it. Now, one of the other issues with the ketogenic diet is some some physicians well meaning physicians or dieticians might say, "Yeah, it might help. But gosh, it's just so hard to do. And nobody can stick with it." So, Lauren, we've seen your husband and your young children here, how do you stick to it with a family? And what's it like? I get that question so much. Like, how it's so hard, how do you do it? It's not that hard. I feel kind of bad giving that answer. They're wanting it to be hard. It's not. I think maybe the hardest thing is that we don't feed, we haven't changed how our kids eat yet. We have three kids. And my husband switched to the ketogenic diet with me when I tried this, but we haven't switched our kids diet. And at first, yeah, that was a little bit challenging, more from like a time consumption perspective of preparing multiple meals every time. But it hasn't been super hard. And maybe the hardest element is I think coming to terms with what we're feeding our kids, which is really just what's socially acceptable and what we used to eat too. But I think having gone through this experience myself of benefiting from changing my diet, it doesn't feel good to know how we're feeding our kids, even though that is very much what's socially accepted. And honestly, that's maybe the hardest thing is trying to figure out, "Okay, well, what does it mean to look after myself and my family within the context of how our society is structured?" Yeah, I think it's hard, because they're telling us it's supposed to be hard. And I think that's the only thing like if we keep putting it out in the world that this is hard, nobody else will try it. It's not hard. Except for maybe in a social situation, like you said, but it's not, you just make the decision not to eat these things. And you can't turn around all of the things that get better. And once that happens, so give it like two weeks, once that happens, you don't ask any questions anymore, just keep going. And it's clear that you've all had incredible mental health benefits. But the rest of life changes too. So Michelle, I'm really curious from an athletic perspective. I mean, your story is pretty dramatic. Can you give us a little bit about your athletics and sort of how they were suffering and how they changed? Yeah, and I'm just a piggyback to a hardest so relative, you know, having worked in acute care, like, changing your eating is hard. I'm like, "Well, losing a leg from type II diabetes, going to dialysis, anyway, let's talk about something happier. So I was a competitive marathon runner, I really wanted to qualify for the Olympic trials in the marathon back in 2020. And to do that at that time, you had to run 2 and 48 minutes, and my fastest time was 254. So I was training really hard, I was following a super high carbohydrate diet. And I just all of a sudden was having a lot of pain, like a lot of pain and fatigue, you get your iron checked, everything was fine. And I just couldn't explain it, I was having panic attacks, talking to a few dietician friends, and they're like, "You need more carbs, more carbs." It's like, "Oh, geez!" because I was already eating a lot of carbs. So I was like, "Okay, let's do it." And as you can imagine, that didn't go particularly well, I remember driving to work, and I like started sweating, like cold sweats, and had to pull over. And I didn't understand at the time I was having like rebound hypoglycemia, I was having so many carbs, I was just spiking my blood sugar and crashing. And kind of had that "Come to Jesus" moment where I just decided I wasn't going to do it anymore. I was like, "Okay, 36 at the time, I'm not going to run." And I just intuitively knew, and I think a lot of us probably intuitively know like something is really wrong. And so if I'm not going to run, why don't I eat less carbohydrates, you know, let's try a low carb diet and a ketogenic diet. And as you can imagine, someone with a history of eating disorder, you go to your spouse and they're like, "Hey, I'm going to do this, I'm not going to eat carbs." We thought about it, didn't you know, but she was like, "All right, whatever, you're going to quit." And nobody told me, "Drink a lot of water, take electrolytes." So this first few days going from 500 grams of carbs to zero were kind of rough, came home with the headache. "How's that low carb diet going?" It's great. But no, once it got past like the first few days, I was just amazed by how much better I felt. But anyway, let's fast forward. After about a month of doing really low carb, I was just home more because you know, when you're marathon training, you're gone. And so my partner was like, "You should go for a run, you should go try." And I was kind of scared because I, you know, I hadn't run in over a month. But I was like, "You know what, let's go!" put my shoes on, go run 10 or 15 minutes. And I ran for an hour and I felt really good. And so, Korean, my wife was like, "Oh my gosh, this is great. You're going to be a recreational runner. We're going to all take pictures, you'll go to the trails." And I was like, "What if I could run ultra marathons?" So instead of running a marathon, an ultra is anything above 26 miles. And so, she's such a good sport. And of course, COVID hit during that time. So I signed up for a race, I had a coach, I got canceled, I signed up for another race, I got canceled. And then finally, November 20, 2020, I did my first race and I won, I was six hours, I ran a little over 44 miles. And yeah, I'm a low carb diet. So it was, it's been pretty incredible. It's been quite the journey. And I work with a coach, he was a formerly a very low carbohydrate athlete. So I do use carbohydrates strategically in my running. I'm not a zero carb athlete, but being able to oxidize fat for fuel has just been a game changer. So Eric, compare your mental health now to- Well, I want to piggyback on that. I started running marathons at age 40. And then at age 55, I was told I was pre diabetic while still running marathons. And that's when I started learning about diet. But then I did two marathons, keto, fasted, water and electrolytes only, and no wall. So I just wanted to throw that in. But what was your question again? So again, mental and physical benefits. Really dramatic. So if your treatment, this keto treatment were a pill, what do you think? You think people would be prescribing it? Of course. The side effects are you lose weight and your blood pressure goes down and, by the way, your mental illness gets better. But it's actually happening in the reverse also. Doctors are using it for diabetes and all their mental illness went away. So of course. And so what do you think about the LDL research? Do you have a take home from the documentary from the research we've done? This wasn't in the documentary, but ApoB, LDL didn't associate with plaque progression. So what am I doing? And you are a cardiologist. Yeah. So, I mean, my two senses, this is how science starts, right? I mean, it doesn't answer all the questions. It's going to ask more questions than it answers, but it's a question that nobody was asking. Like, "How can nobody be asking this?" With you for the way you're living your lives? How can nobody be curious to say like, "Wow" well, I wonder if it really means what we think it means considering how much you transformed your lives. Of course- It's just not curious. It's also suppression. They don't want anybody to know that this is possible. But I also like what I heard some cardiologist say, "Treat the disease, not the lab number." Yeah. That's a fair. I like how Dave said "It's almost as if the LDL is the disease." Correct. How he said that in the film. Right. Well, this has been great. I think we're running out of time here. So we do need to wrap up. I want to thank you all so much for sharing your stories with the documentary and for being here live and in person to share your stories. And I'm sure people will want to ask you more questions throughout the evening. So thank you so much. Yes. So there are a number of funded studies that are coming out very soon. One being anorexia, Dr. Guido Frank doing a study from UCSD, he did a pilot study. So we expect to see that published very soon. And there are so many ongoing trials, actually plug metabolicmind.org. You can go to our science page where you can see all the ongoing trials, all the published trials. We really try and make the science really visible for everybody. And our THINK+SMART page where people like you are sharing their personal experiences. So you can learn about the science and the personal nature of it. Well good. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sheyz123 [6 likes]: The ketogenic diet has saved my life. I have had emotional problems all my life I was able to get off my medication 3 years ago I feel like a new woman at 76
  2. @hughscot [5 likes]: It was amazing for me as well.  In 1967, out of the blue, I started having panic attacks. I never missed a day of work, but it was hell when I had them.  Meds pretty much stopped it, but a couple of years ago a close friend started on the Keto diet to lose weight, and to show support, I went along, and within a couple of weeks, I noticed how much calmer I was feeling. To my surprise, I realized the diet was responsible.  I am not on a strict Keto diet but I have continued eliminating a number of items with a lot of sugar.  It works.
  3. @mdV-7-1 [3 likes]: "ApoB & LDL didn't associate with plaque progression." Thank you for saying that, is that in the movie?
  4. @mabelheinzle2275 [2 likes]: Me too - LDL 290 - CAC=0- very low triglycerides and high HDL - so well on carnivore
  5. @reason3581 [2 likes]: Keto changed their lives but they had progression of artery plaque build-up.
  6. @joycearmstrong280 [1 likes]: I have a friend with familial cholesterol and would love to see data on someone like her on a low carb diet
  7. @csk062353 [1 likes]: I agree that adopting and maintaining the keto diet is not hard, and it has produced about a 90% reduction of symptoms of Crohn's. I take no meds.
  8. @SeekingTruth2023 [1 likes]: But what is, when your Cholesterol is 388, LDL 258, HDL 50, TG 205, ApoB 173 on a clean keto diet? Arachidonic acid 703.
I am keto for one year now. When I tested these markers to see whether keto might improve them, I was shocked to see the new results. (See above)

I had expected for LDL go up quite a bit, but TG stay high and AboB increasing soo much?

These are the new results I got yesterday. After one year of uninterrupted keto. These last months I had cut completely: pork, poultry, eggs etc and most saturated fat, no cheese, no butter, only very lean meat, no oils but a bit of native cold pressed olive oil
I did eat some salmon though because of Omega 3. I did not eat absolutely low fat. I drink one coffee a day with a bit of cream. But relatively low fat for keto.

So I don't understand. I ate below 20g of carbs, ~100g of lean protein (wellnapart from salmon) very low fat and about 300g of non starchy vegetables, which I rotated.

So why is it, that some people do react sooo paradoxically to keto?

I am convinced of keto (because I feel a lot better than before) but the results of the blood test frighten me so much, that I consider to quit keto and maybe change to low carb. (I benefitted greatly from ketosis!!) but the cholesterol, ApoB, etc frighten me. (It is not a genenetic factor btw) Before keto I was almost vegetarian for years (but felt absolutely miserable!) Lip(a) is low.

So what might people like me do with this astronomically high cholesterol?.....
  9. @Sammy-uv1kl: Angioplasty coming
  10. @melihapaydn2137: It is not ldl ldl to 300 is fine at the past the limit was 300  triglicerid is the main issue .
  11. @Dr.KevinTran: For APOE4 carriers, the LDL-on-keto question has an extra layer.

APOE4 impairs LDL receptor recycling. At any given LDL level, carriers have more oxidized LDL circulating and more cholesterol being deposited in arterial walls than an E3/E3 person at the same number. The LMHR pattern (metabolic markers improving while LDL rises) may represent neutral risk for some genotypes. For E4 carriers, that LDL still matters. The target I recommend for 4/4 specifically is ApoB under 60 mg/dL, regardless of metabolic context.

Ezetimibe is my tool of choice here. 20-25% ApoB reduction, no desmosterol suppression concerns that come with statins in APOE4 brains. Diet + ezetimibe + 15 hours/week of exercise brought my own ApoB down 39%.

More on the lipid management picture for APOE4 carriers — with Dr. Grant Fraser (board-certified longevity doc and APOE4 carrier himself): https://youtu.be/btrclmF2SE0
  12. @allisonbush8811: Just watched it! Great documentary!
  13. @TylerReynolds-w1v: Possibly those claps could be fake they don't care about people who are disabled or mentally ill it's all in disguise because we are one of the most hated people on earth because we have these conditions so every single ideology about humans black white other races both genders is a contradiction. In fact the funny thing about that is they all join in alliance to attack and say that we are small and that they are most powerful then us so nobody cares take the disguise off I or a few people can see through that exactly.
  14. @葉瓊鞠: 以下是《The Cholesterol Code Panel: Keto Changed Their Lives But Their LDL Went Up》（來自 Metabolic Mind）的**重點整理＋評論（中文）**：


## 🧠 核心主題

這場座談探討一個爭議現象：
👉 很多人在採用**生酮飲食（Keto）**後健康大幅改善，但**LDL膽固醇卻上升**。

---

## 🔑 重點整理

### 1⃣ 生酮飲食帶來顯著代謝改善

與談者普遍出現：

* 體重下降
* 血糖控制改善
* 發炎降低
* 精神狀態更清晰

👉 尤其對**胰島素阻抗**族群幫助明顯。

---

### 2⃣ LDL上升確實存在，但不能單看數值

部分人（通常是偏瘦且代謝健康者）出現：

* LDL升高
* HDL升高（好膽固醇）
* 三酸甘油脂降低

👉 這種型態被稱為「Lean Mass Hyper-Responder」，由 Dave Feldman 提出。

---

### 3⃣ 挑戰傳統膽固醇觀念

傳統觀點：

> LDL高 = 心血管風險高

座談觀點：

* LDL需要放在**整體代謝脈絡**看
* 更重要的指標可能包括：

  * 三酸甘油脂 / HDL 比值
  * 胰島素
  * 發炎指標

---

### 4⃣ 「能量模型」理論

Feldman提出：

* 低碳時，身體以脂肪為主要能量
* LDL增加是因為在「運送脂肪能量」

👉 換句話說：
LDL上升可能代表*能量運輸增加，而非疾病*

---

### 5⃣ 長期證據仍不足

即使支持者也承認：

* 缺乏長期研究
* 特別是針對LMHR族群

👉 這是目前最大的不確定性。

---

## 💬 評論（批判性分析）

### ✅ 有說服力的地方

* 真實案例顯示代謝健康確實改善
* 指出「只看LDL太簡化」這點合理
* 強調個體差異（個人化醫療）是正確方向

---

### ⚠ 需要保留的地方

* LDL與動脈粥樣硬化的關聯仍有大量科學證據支持
* 「能量模型」目前仍屬假說，尚未被充分驗證
* 缺乏長期心血管結果數據，是重大風險

---

## ⚖ 平衡結論

* 生酮飲食*確實可能改善代謝健康*
* 但*LDL升高不能輕忽*
* 更合理做法是：

  * 綜合多項指標評估
  * 依個人風險調整
  * 與專業醫師討論

---

## 🧾 總結一句話

👉 膽固醇問題正從「單一數值」走向「整體脈絡判讀」，但科學仍未完全定論。

---

如果你願意，可以把你的血脂數據（LDL、HDL、三酸甘油脂）給我，我可以幫你做更精準的解讀。
  15. @MsSilver41: 10:19 robyn and bipolar
  16. @MsSilver41: With a feeding formula of High fructose syrup , maltodextrin and soy protein and the SAD no wonder people never get well both physically and mentally
  17. @PeiwenCheong-l3t: Dr Pradip Jamnadas mentioned that fully LDL is better than dense LDL. The Dr I thinks that numbers doesn't matter while density is more crucial.
  18. @anthonycarey6835: Amazing
  19. @espinosalexis: I understand you are focusing on the large amount of other diseases beyond solving Diabetes with Keto. That is understandable, because you are showing us people that really can't stop Keto, as there is no other "official" solution to their problems. But I still wonder why you have sort of quiet down the Diabetes-reversal speech at all?! I do think you should keep speaking about it (if it works for Diabetes and metabolic syndrome) and extend the lipid metabolism theories you have to explain how lipids work under metabolic syndrome eating a high carb diet. And how lipid metabolism evolve from that sick state towards LMHR status along the way of using Keto diet for a year or so. That would be amazing and I think that if you extend your lipid hypothesis to cover the  whole journey, it may help a lot to understand and for people to accept this diet and the LMHR state.
Coming back to your very low voice (almost silence) on Diabetes reversal, I wonder two reasons of why you are doing this:
1. There are too many other channels and groups that are dedicated mainly to the Diabetes-revesal, so there's not much to add here.
OR
2. I saw the results of the 5 year study Virta Health, where it is clear that their results are kind of rubish. Great for the first year, and that is what they keep bragging about, just the first year. But even in their first year graphs it is clear that their marks are rebounding by the end of the first year. Then in their report of the second year, they hide the rebound by changing the frequency in their graphs from 1 point like every day in the first report to 1 point per year in the second report. If Feldman reads that second year report he may vomit!🤮 Phinney and Hallberg hiding results is insulting! Then reports for third, fourth and fifth year are almost impossible to find. So, maybe you already know that the Diabetes reversal is not permanent and will come to bite us back in the second year. Is that right? Is this the reason why you are a bit quiet on this?
  20. @ajk2009: ❤ so nice to see Dr. Bret Scher 👏🏻

- This is what the keto diet does to your body | Professor Christopher Gardner: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Welcome to ZOE science and nutrition, where world-leading scientists, explain how their research can improve your health. Ketogenic diets ignite furious debate. Keto has been promoted as a magic bullet for weight loss by its supporters. And slammed as dangerous by its opponents. It's no surprise, that completely removing almost all carbohydrates is not what most people consider a balanced diet. With carbs off the table, and on keto, we still need to find our energy somewhere. This means a dramatic increase in fat intake. At the same time drastically reducing carbs means starving our gut microbes of the fiber that feeds them. Nonetheless, doctors prescribe keto diets to treat people with severe diabetes and see dramatic improvements and many healthy people swear by keto for weight loss. On top of this removing carbohydrates prevents blood sugar spikes and crashes, linked to inflammation and disease. On today's show, we want to ask what the latest science says. Are keto diets a crazy fad or could keto be right for me? To help answer this question, I am joined by a leading nutritional researcher, Christopher Gardner, a professor at Stanford University and a member of ZOE's scientific advisory board. Christopher is excited to share the results of his landmark clinical trial of keto diets published this week in the American Journal of clinical nutrition. You'll find links to this paper in our show notes. Christopher, it's always such a pleasure to spend time with you. And I'd like to start with our regular quick-fire round of questionnaires that our listeners are sort of used to now. So let's kick off. Can you improve your health on a ketogenic diet? That's complicated because there are good and bad ketogenic diets and there are good and bad normal diets. I can imagine a ketogenic diet that's healthier than some people's regular diet if you followed it a certain way. So we'll have to come back to that. All right, so it's complicated. Can you lose weight on a keto diet? Absolutely. It's a very restrictive diet. For the things that are still allowed, the palatability will run out quickly and you'll say, I am hungry, but not for that. So nope. Not gonna eat. Lowered my calories. Lost weight. Is keto a good diet for most people? I'm personally opposed to it because of its absence of grains and fruits and beans, which don't seem justified to me. So I don't think in the long run that it is, it's great for getting rid of added sugar and refined grains. Is doing keto from time to time helpful? I'm opposed to anything that isn't a diet pattern that you'll follow for life. I'm opposed to things that are just transient, I'm gonna do this for a while and it's a diet that I'm going on, and then I will go off the diet when I got where I wanted to be. Well, if you go off it, then the other stuff comes back and it was useless. What's the biggest misconception about the ketogenic diet? That it's high meat. People think it's low carb. And what has low carbs? Oh, well, meats have low carbs, but really the ketogenic diet is a high-fat diet. If you end up eating a lot of protein, then you've met your needs for the day and you convert your proteins into carbs and fats, and whoop. You threw yourself outta ketosis by making carbs outta your protein. That's amazing. And I did not know that. Thank you, Chris. The final question will cutting out carbs. Stop your body's ability to process them? No. That was simple. All right. Well, look, I'm really looking forward to digging into those answers more, the whole topic of ketogenic diets ignites furious discussion. And I think a lot of confusion, I personally have never tried it because of the idea of giving up bread and croissant for good, I just know that's a step too far, but as someone with bad blood sugar control, I know there's some impressive evidence that keto can help people with diabetes come off insulin. So there's some real clinical evidence that suggests there's something interesting there. And so I think it really fascinating, Christopher, for you to take us through this, and maybe we could just start with what is a ketogenic diet and how does it work? Sure. So the ketogenic diet actually goes back 50 years as a diet that was used to treat epileptic seizures. It's been around for a really, really long time, but it's really odd that people are now taking this and doing it for weight loss and some athletes are trying it. And it's certainly relevant in the world of overweight obesity, and diabetes, because a lot of that has to do with excessive carbohydrate intake and the inability to process those carbs. So if you wipe carbs outta your diet, if you go to extremely low levels, other than some above-ground vegetables, and maybe some berries, you can resolve some insulin resistance issues, and you will lose some weight. So there is some basis of interest in this, especially given how many simple and unhealthy carbs people eat these days, but a central component of our discussion, Jonathan should be good carbs versus bad carbs. Brilliant. And before we go on to that, because you mentioned the word ketosis before. Can you explain a little bit more beyond just this idea that I'm not eating carbs and I'm eating fat? What is this ketosis, what is going on inside my body as a result of following this diet? If you think about this, the normal person on an average day is gonna burn a combination of carbohydrates and fats all day long. I think everybody, at least in the US learns this phrase. The mitochondria are the powerhouse of the cell. That is the basis of biology in the US. I think my son told me he learned that this month. So there you go. I think it's universal. And it has to do with the thing called the Kreb cycle or the TCA cycle is another name for it. So you've lost me now. So, so explain. It's a cycle where carbs feed in at one end and fats feed in at the other end. Carbohydrates are usually 5 or 6 carbon atoms bound together. And fats are anywhere from 4 to 26. And you feed in as fats break down little 2 car units and you feed in as glucose breaks down little 3 and 4 car units, and you spit out carbon dioxide. You breathe in oxygen and as you breathe in oxygen, you breathe out CO2. What happened? Ugh. You added carbon to the oxygen. You just breathe in. And in doing that every time you break carbon bonds, you make energy. So glucose and fat all day long is what people burn. If you stop eating carbohydrates to a very low, low, low level, then this cycle stops running. And these little two carb units of fats that are breaking down to provide you the energy that usually gets burned together with carbs, start to pool up, and they have an alternate path. They make ketones. They make four carbon units and these four carbon units can be broken down into single carbs and can generate energy. But it's in a slightly different pathway that excludes the use of carbohydrates. And a lot of people probably do this actually overnight. If you haven't eaten for 6, 8, 10, or 12 hours, some of your carbohydrate stores are used up. And so overnight, most people probably make some ketones. Over the course of teaching nutrition, we say, you know, really is healthiest to have carbs and fats burning together. There's a blood-brain barrier. The blood-brain barrier in the central nervous system doesn't like to burn fats. They really prefer, and almost exclusively can only use glucose because that's what will get into the cells. But in the absence of glucose, if you had to these four carbon units that are ketones could feed the brain and they could feed the central nervous system. So now there's this movement, oh my God, maybe it's even better. The keto folks are saying, oh God, maybe ketones are even better than glucose feeding the brain feeding the central nervous system. And that was sort of a pivot point in trying to think, could you just burn fat instead of burning carbohydrate and fat together, which is the usual recommendation. Got it. So it's an unusual situation to be in for our sort of normal historical diets to be in this ketosis. That is my strong opinion. So why have people become interested in this? You mentioned that 50 years ago, they looked at this for epilepsy. That's a long time. Why the discussion today? I would just speculate that it's part of this ongoing whiplash about low-fat diets, not being the best thing for us. And so maybe it should be low carb. Maybe it should be lower carb. Oh my God, maybe it should be extremely low carb. When you use the terms low, fat, and low carb, you need a qualifier to go with that. Is low, lower than yesterday? Is low half as much as you had before? Is low 75% or 25% of what you had, but it's quite undefined. What do low carb and low fat mean? And so Jonathan, when we go to the literature and I'm trying to pool studies together and say, oh, let me summarize all the low fat, low carb studies. Oh my gosh. They are all over the place. And when a headline says "Low fat, yes. Low carb, no." and the next day, the other thing you have to say, oh my God, those were not really similar levels of carbs and fats. They used completely different ones. They used different sources of food to achieve them. So it's a gray area and I think keto has been a result of, well, could we go lower? Could we go lower? And there are some people who are fanatical about it and some people who are appalled. Many of them on the west coast are I think definitely one of the hotspots of this. Right? And so what you're saying is, you know, there was this whole thing about low fat being the way that we're all going to be healthier. The evidence turned out to be really bad for this. And so there's always been this just to make sure and, it's almost a swing back, which as well if that case maybe carbs or the source of all evil, could we go down to the point? There's almost none. So if I want to be on a ketogenic diet, I want to be in ketosis, how low carb is that? What fraction of my diet is actually coming from carbs? So generally people start out at about 20 grams a day as a Kickstarter point, and then maybe go up to 50 grams a day. Now let me just tell you what that means with a little bit of math. I was gonna say, how many pieces of toast am I allowed with that, Christopher? Yeah, so, I mean, most people have about 400 grams of carbs a day. It's not a lot. It's not a lot of toast! Carbohydrates have 4 calories per gram, that if you were eating 400 grams of carbs, times 4 calories, Is 1600 calories and you're eating 3000 calories a day, that would be 50% carb. So that wouldn't be 80% or 70% or 60%. So let's say you're eating 300 grams of carbs. That would be 1200 calories. And if you're eating 2000 calories a day, that'll be 60%. Most people's diet is more than half carbs. So to go to 20 to 50 grams means cutting back from 300 or 400 grams a day to 20 or 50 grams a day. There are not many choices. So it's almost nothing. There's almost no carbohydrate whatsoever is what you're saying. This is extremely extreme. I'm not even allowed a single slice of bread, I guess, is what you're telling me. Not a chance. Okay. We've already established. This is not the diet for me, but that is fine. That is not the purpose of this podcast. Let's talk about your new study. So it's just been published in the top journal, the American journal of clinical nutrition. We will provide links in the show notes for anybody who'd like to read that before we talk about the results of the study. I'd just like to take a minute to talk about the approach because you are really famous for doing large-scale randomized control trials and have done many. And it's part of how we first got to meet. Can you just explain why these sorts of studies are so important and why they are rare in nutrition? Yeah. So first of all, it's really hard to get people to change their diet. It's much easier to get rats, to change their diet, put 'em in a cage. You only put that food in there and you're pretty sure they ate that. And if they didn't, you can see it. The other thing we do is we say, oh, I've got 10,000 people. And I asked them what they ate. And I watch them over time to see what happened. And I can select the people who ate the lowest of this or the highest of that. And those are called observational epidemiological studies. And the challenge there is that the people who did eat the most are the least of this or that. tended to also do the most or least of other things like exercise or take supplements. And it's very hard to pinpoint a causal relationship between diet and health outcome. If they also did lots of other things that were different. So the gold standard in theory, and I do want to provide some caveats with this is you randomly assigned them to diet a or diet B. They had to agree to participate in one or the other willingly. And so, you do have people who exercise more or less, you do have people who take more or fewer supplements. You do have people with different weights and physical capacities, but when you're randomized an equal number of both of those ended up in both groups and that's actually the way we control for those confounders is we say, ah, we balanced it. It's in both groups, so it's no different. So that's the gold standard for us. The challenge here, Jonathan is when you do a randomized control trial, you really only get to pick one approach. So in our randomized control trial, which as you said, is a great way to do a study from my perspective. Good design. Good to get it published. Good to find out information. Let's keep in mind that our one study is that it's one study. So it doesn't answer all things. It. This very specific ketogenic diet, this very specific alternative diet, and comparing those two gives you these really strong scientific results, but it doesn't tell you anything about a third diet. You're saying at this point, I have no information on that. Yep. So I know some of the headlines are gonna appear and say keto and Mediterranean, do this and do that. And I'm just gonna cringe. And I'm gonna say no if you really wanted to define the way we did it, it would be too long a headline and no one would read it and it wouldn't be good clickbait, but that's really how it works. Well so the good news is this is a podcast. We got a bit longer, Christopher. So maybe just tell us about the study. What were you actually doing? And then tell us what the results were. Yeah, I took a very specific approach to this. I think it's really been fascinating. This whiplash from low fat to low carb back and forth. And I tend to see the two compared head to head and ketogenic is definitely a low-carb diet. So you would think maybe if somebody would want to compare that to a low-fat diet, but my interest is actually in grades of low carb. I mean, a really fascinating thing about the yummy tasty, Mediterranean diet is, that it exceeded what was for a long time in us that cut off of 30%, total fat, don't have any more than that. If you do that, you end up with a lot of carbs. And so if the Mediterranean diet ends up being 35, 40, 45, or 50% fat, and you get 20% of calories from protein, you now have a low carb diet, but not five or 10% calories, 30, 35, or 40%. So in comparison to what you're talking about to be ketogenic, you've gotta have this incredibly low level of carbohydrates. You could still have what a normal person might think of as a relatively high-fat diet, maybe compared to what they were taught when they were younger. I always talk about like my dad being told he had to go on this very low-fat diet, because he had high cholesterol, 50 years ago. So for him, what still seems like a radically high-fat diet, because it's got olive oil and nuts and whatever, but you're saying it's still radically different from the ketogenic diet that you were testing. And so our idea here was that we would make the Mediterranean and a ketogenic diet that was designed in such a way that they agreed on three things, lots of above-ground vegetables. And I'll just clarify, the reason I'm saying that is that avoid potatoes and tubers and carrots. So the ketogenic diet focuses on broccoli and cauliflower and red bell peppers and things like that that are above ground because the below-ground vegetables tend to be starch here. The absence of added sugar and refined grain. So those are three components that are similar. And then beyond that, the ketogenic diet says, oh my God, to get down to 20 or 50 grams of carbs a day, you can't have any grains, even whole grains. You can't have any fruits other than occasional berries. That's the one allowance they give you and you can't have any beans, no chickpeas, no lentils, no Pinto beans, kidney beans, things like that, which is quite odd because if you go to the dietary guidelines for Americans or the world health organization, or the American heart, they will say, please try to increase your whole grain intake, your fruit intake. And your legume intake, legume covering the whole thing of lentils, chickpeas, peanuts, beans, things like that. And your issue is that these high-fiber foods also inevitably have carbohydrates in them. So you just can't eat them and stay within this very, very tight, daily limit. And being the microbiome lover that you are Jonathan. And I know you are a recent convert to the microbiome, if we're gonna feed the microbiome with fiber, the main sources are gonna be whole grains and beans, and fruits and yes, vegetables, but I don't think you can get all that much fiber from vegetables. So yes, all those fiber-rich sources are also high in dietary carbohydrates. So if you wanted to get to 20 to 50 grams of carbs a day, you'd have to wipe out those entire food groups, which would run counter that pretty much every public health recommendation that's out there. And so Jonathan, I wanna be very specific about how we frame this question. We wanna design our specific diets. We're calling it the keto med study, but it's really a well-formulated ketogenic diet, according to Phinney and Volek, reading that book, and it's also a Mediterranean plus diet. If you go to lots of different Mediterranean scores, they'll tell you the things to eat the most of and the least of, and none of those scores have I ever seen avoid added sugar and refined grain. I don't think it's counter to the Mediterranean diet, but I don't see it in the scores where they try to see how Mediterranean you are. So we called it the Mediterranean plus diet. If you're in nutrition, people talk about the Mediterranean diet all the time, but I think if you're outside of nutrition, particularly, maybe if you're living in Europe somewhere, then you're a bit confused because like there's a lot of countries and I've been to Spain and I've been to France and Italy, Greece, and they seem to eat really different things. So there's a sort of concept of a Mediterranean diet, right, Christopher? Which is more like a label to be applied to the view of what is healthy, what is a Mediterranean When you describe this because I think everybody, every nutritionist I ask would give me a different answer. So it's funny cuz I'm actually working on a write-up of this right now and I've got a whole bunch of Mediterranean studies where it said, this is what we called the Mediterranean and it's basically more vegetables, more whole grains, more beans, more fruits, fatty fish, avocados. Olive oil. It's actually less meat. I've seen them flip flop on dairy, actually. Greek yogurt seems very Mediterranean. Some of the scores wanna do an absence of yogurt. Quite a few of them say less meat. Some of them say, to switch red meat for poultry and fish. Most of them say fish is the Mediterranean. So those would be the major categories. Alcohol's a really odd one. Alcohol in all the Mediterranean diet scores. Hopefully, this will sound the Mediterranean to your listeners. You get dinged for not drinking and you get dinged for excessive drinking and you get a point for drinking moderately. That sounds like most of my Mediterranean, experiences. So, that seems real. So, and I guess one of the things out of that, then that's in common is. In all those cases, you're saying not, sort of the highly processed foods that are such a big part of our diet, you know, even with all those variations, that sounds, that's sort of one of the big things that seems like it's in common and very different from what most of us are eating. And I think if we stepped back and took it at that level, the Greeks and the Turks and the French and the Moroccans would say, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. So the question was centered around the keto diet, having this complete absence as much as possible of whole grains and fruit. And beans. So three things are similar and three things are different. And so the way the question is framed Jonathan is if we take people with type two diabetes or prediabetes, and we ask them to go on these two diets for 12 weeks, each in a crossover manner. So everybody gets to try both of them. We are assuming since they both eliminate carbs in terms of added sugars and refined grains, that they will experience blood glucose benefits, but would there be an additional benefit? Getting rid of the whole grains and the fruits and the beans would seem counter to health professionals' advice. So we were looking to see if there was an additional benefit. So what happened? You've been teasing us. And now we want to know, I hear quite a lot of skepticism about the ketogenic diet. So I'm assuming that it was terrible. What were the results? So people lost weight on both diets. We can get into some of the pros and cons and there are some fun nuances to get into So the main outcome in terms of all of the glucose, Jonathan was glycosylated, hemoglobin. I don't know how much your listeners will know what that term is. If you are a person with diabetes or prediabetes, you would know this is something to do with the red blood cells in your body are a sort of 90-day marker of how well you've been managing your glucose. So when you say glycosylated Hemoglobin, the hemoglobins from your red blood cell. And it means some glucose molecules randomly stuck on the red blood cells and it sounded kind of a good hint then we looked at, okay, so what about other things that happen? Let's look at blood pressure. Let's look at blood lipids. Let's look at liver enzymes and pretty much across the board, everybody did better in everything. On both diets, the things that stuck out as being statistically significant were two. One is that for the keto group, their LDL cholesterol went up while in the Mediterranean group, it went down and that was statistically significant. So that was a point for the Mediterranean. In both groups, their blood triglycerides went down, but they went down even more drastically in the keto diet. And so that was actually the point for keto. And I think just to make sure we explain that for listeners, right? That's really surprising. Cause that triglycerides are just like all the fat in your blood aren't they, Christopher? So basically you're saying you ate nothing but fat pretty much is what you're saying. And yet the fat in your blood went down, is rather remarkable. it is. And that's a really funny part of metabolism. If you want me to go on a quick riff for that, the idea there is that if you're eating fat, it gets processed and stored as fat. If you're eating a whole lot of car, the idea here is that you quickly absorb and use your carbohydrate for brain energy and muscles' immediate needs. The next thing you use it for is to repeat these storage depots for glucose. So some are in your liver, some are in your skeletal muscle, and it's pretty easy to fill up your stores. And after that, you turn all your carbs into fats. So this is a bizarre concept, Jonathan, but you got it right. When you eat a high carbohydrate, low-fat diet, your blood triglycerides go up, but it's not because of the fact that you were eating, that was being metabolized and put away in a more controlled fashion than the excessive simple carbohydrates that you're eating, it's a very counterintuitive finding. You're correct. And so the summary of your results, if I understand right is that if you go onto this sort of healthy ketogenic diet, sort of the best one that you've designed here, actually the health results are really good. You say all these markers have improved, I've lost weight. This sounds like a win, Christopher. So it's a wash. I would say it's a wash between the two. They both worked for weight loss and get a point for one and a point against the other. But we looked beyond that. So a couple of the key issues here are adherence in being able to maintaining the diet. And another factor given that our study periods were only 12 weeks long is what happens to other nutrient intakes. What might happen over years and years of doing this? What might happen to your microbiome? Because a ketogenic diet is pretty much by definition, a lower fiber diet. And I actually won't have these results to share with the listeners today, but my colleagues, Justin and Erica Sonenberg right now have a freezer full of poop from our folks. And they are looking at what happened to the microbiome. And we're looking at a whole panel of inflammatory markers. So tell me if we're ready to look into the nutrient intake and even more interesting actually to start with would be the adherence if that's okay. Let's talk about exactly that. So adherence is like science word for the sort of like how sustainable this is, right? Like, is this something that I can keep doing? Like I, and here is when you tell me to do it, but for myself, it's like, can I stick with this for the long term? So for me, that's always been the biggest concern about the ketogenic diet, as I think about, you know, friends and, and family members who've done this, that they've tried it for a bit. And then it becomes very hard to maintain because you know, you go to your kid's birthday party and they're having a cake and there's a lot of societal pressure to eat a cake. And I think you've just explained that's already blown my day, but you've now done this real study. What have you seen in terms of sustainability? So, and let's talk about, there's an element of the design that I didn't explain for the 12 weeks, Jonathan. And that is we decided that we wanted a kickstart everybody and get them to be as adherent or compliant in following the directions as much as they could use whatever term you want. And for 4 of the 12 weeks of each phase, they had food delivered to them. Which sounds great. Having said all of this. If you deliver the food to me, I'd eat almost anything! There you go. And then by design, we left the last 8 weeks for them to prepare food on their own. So that we could see how well they were and, you know, what did it look like when they were very adherent? And what did they look like in real life? And we have one additional time point Jonathan, which is after doing the crossover and doing both diets in random order. 12 weeks later, we went back. And asked them what they were eating. Because my big question was, okay, you definitely mastered this thing. You had 12 weeks of help from a dietician. You had group classes, you had individual meetings, and you had more help than most people will ever get when they try this on their own 12 weeks after the study, what did you do? So here's the fascinating thing is that on average, we had made an adherence score from 0 to 10 and 10 was perfect. And 0 was lousy. We kind of assumed that when we delivered the food, everybody would be at a 9 or a 10. Both groups, on average, when we were feeding them food, got a 7.5 out of 10. So they didn't do a very good job, but they went from, you know, a couple of points before the study to 7.5 out of 10. So that kind of looked pretty good. Interestingly more so on the keto diet than the Mediterranean diet, we had people scoring at the 2, 3, and 4 levels when we were delivering food. Some of them were just outright rejecting the food that we delivered. Now, first of all, I'm irate, but on the other hand, thank you for being honest. Really? We enroll you in a study and you didn't do what we told you to do. So does that undermine the finding or is that an important part of the finding? That was difficult to do. Fast forward now to when they do 8 weeks on their own. And when they did 8 weeks on their own, we, again assessed how closely they were following the diet. And interestingly on their own of the 40 or so people in the study, 5 of them on their own kicked butt on keto, they were all in the 9 to 10 range, but about 5 of them were from 0 to 2. And so it was very polarizing in my mind. Some people got it and some people just could not do it. Interestingly, the Mediterranean diet group had the same average level of adherence as the ketogenic group, when they were on their own, they were about a 5.5 each. When they had been provided all their food, they were 7.5 each. Mediterranean group was yeah, kind of from 3 to 8. But interestingly, no one when they were feeding themselves in the Mediterranean was a 9 or a 10. And I think that's partly because Jonathan, our Mediterranean had a lot of rules. You had to eat beans and whole grains. And fruit, and cut out added sugar. And cut out the refined grain. And there were a couple of other things it's like, God, I can't. Every day I gotta keep track of all these rules? The keto diet was more like, don't eat carbs! Eat lots of fat! It was a much shorter list of rules. And so pretty funny to me that on average, they look the same, but if you look at the distribution across people, some people did quite well at it. And some people did not, on keto. That was different between the two groups. And remember I said that, we asked them for 12 weeks when the study was over, what were they eating? You had these people who got both and then 12 weeks later, they had a real experience of both of these. What were they doing? So the thing they all remember the most was getting rid of added sugar and refined grain. They all did better than that. This is at week 36. 12 weeks of one diet, 12 weeks of the other diet, 12 weeks of nobody watching you anymore. The studies all over, they both did well at that. They both maintained pretty much all the weight loss that they got in the first 24 weeks, which is really fun to see, but they pretty much went back to their old habits after that. And when you scored that. It ended up being a more Mediterranean diet than a ketogenic diet. So we saw that the keto diet was not sustainable, even among those people who, when they were getting their own food were scoring 9s and 10s for those 8 weeks. They were gone. They couldn't do it 12 weeks after this study was over. So to me, this is a hugely important part. If the benefit that you get from the keto diet is being really low on carbs and seeing your triglycerides go down. If you can't maintain that, then I'm not a fan. And I think that's a really important question. And I think this study that you've done, like really takes us some way forward on this, which is how strictly you have to follow the ketogenic diet in order to be worth it. And we had lots of listers questions really on this because many, many of our listeners have tried this and many of them are there for not fully on it. In your view, how strictly keto do you need to be in order to get the sort of health benefits that you saw in the ketogenic part of this study? Well, in theory, you have to be in ketosis. And so another thing we did Jonathan, that I haven't mentioned is we looked at blood levels of ketones and most of them were not in ketosis. They couldn't do it. More of them did it. During the feeding phase of this study, they were most successful there. Almost no one was able to do it when they were providing food for themselves. And by the time they got to 12 weeks after the study, no one was in ketosis. At all. And so that's the major point of the proponents, as I understand them that you have to maintain ketosis to get this improvement in insulin secretion and insulin resistance. And so they weren't experiencing that because they were back up to 100 grams of carbs a day, which was way less than they were eating before. But it wasn't as low as you'd need to. To be in ketosis. So they were no longer in this situation where they were just running on this fat, they were back into this sort of middle ground. So Christopher, one of the original arguments for these sorts of ketogenic diets, which I think you sort of touched on is people who have diabetes for whom really their ability to deal with blood sugar is really bad. And that there have been these studies showing that if you follow a ketogenic diet for a long time, that looks like the results are very good. Is that because actually, they manage to be compliant. And so that's different from this situation or is that, you know, most of our listeners are, are probably not injecting insulin with diabetes. So they're in a broader range. Are you saying ketogenic doesn't work for anybody? How should we interpret this? If you're listening right now and sort of trying to decide whether to give this a go? So I'll give a practical note here. The folks on keto toward the end, I think were better having anchored them so low in added sugar and refined grain. I mean, for the cheating, wasn't a cupcake for them. Cheating was a piece of whole grain bread. And said "whole grain bread? That's not cheating! That's following the Mediterranean diet." So God forbid you have a teaspoon of sugar or you have white bread. I really think that that anchored them quite well in seeing, oh my God, I actually had these sugar cravings before I clearly had to go completely off sugar. Wow. It's been a couple of weeks and I don't crave sugar as much as I thought. So there's just some really interesting physiology there. So I think there are some potential benefits of seeing how well you could do. Eliminating all those and keeping that up long-term, we're actually doing another mini analysis from our old diet fit study that sort of supports that. So anchoring someone psychologically really low. So in that regard for the people who are doing ketogenic transiently or temporarily, I could see learning some new things, that could be helpful, but just from a, a taste and a longevity perspective, I think a high fat, Mediterranean diet gives you more options, easier for social events. And so people were really sticking with this more, as I think just on that other side, the Mediterranean diet, although you may have said it was a very complex thing. It was easier to stick with as a permanent part of your life rather than a temporary And I think, you know, we all know that diets are basically a bad idea, right? There's no, Who's ever done a diet who believes it's a good idea, right? That you're saying that the problem with the ketogenic is its sort of like a diet and this Mediterranean is potentially a lifestyle that, that you can sustain permanently. Is that right? And then we saw multiple nutrients that were lower on the ketogenic diet than on the Mediterranean We didn't see any nutrient deficiency symptoms because these are only 12-week diets, but long term, if you really did follow this long term, it's such a restrictive diet. That there are quite a few nutrients that will be lower on ketogenic. And in particular, the one that you and I are very interested in is fiber and the microbiome. I was gonna say, can we talk about that for a few minutes? Because I think, you know, I know your study, there's nothing published yet, but I know there've been some other things. What is the likely impact on the microbiome of a ketogenic diet? Part of, this is a funny story, Jonathan, that we will have to pursue. So one of the things that the microbiome produces from digesting fiber is a short chain, fatty acids, and some of those short chain fatty acids are ketones. So you could actually get some of the products of what the microbiome would generate from digesting fiber. by eating a ketogenic diet. On the other hand, I have a colleague Michael Fishbach at Stanford who just got a massive grant award to study the molecules that are produced by the microbiome. And he has a little graphic of 100 different molecules. We haven't named them all. We don't understand what they all do, but that's part of the likely effect of the microbiome. Is digesting the fiber, creating small molecules that we absorb that look like they lower inflammation and improve immune profiles and immune function. And those are results that will take a longer study to look at. We actually are looking at some of that right now, but we're also writing a grant to try to do a longer 6 or 12-month ketogenic Mediterranean type study, where we could see longer effects on the microbiome. Fiber is sure to go down. If you exclude all whole grains, all fruits, and all beans. So in your ketogenic group, the fiber intake is lower than in the Mediterranean group? Has to be by definition. Yes, it is. Yes. Significant. That is the most significant difference of all the nutrient differences. And there were a half dozen fibers was the one that stuck out the most. So, you know, you're sort of taking a hit on how you're supporting the microbiome in the hope of trying to improve what's going on with your blood sugar which maybe if you have bad diabetes is a good tradeoff. That's a pretty big cost, I think from other studies that we know about the importance of the microbiome, even if this study, which is sort of shorter term nature is not gonna be able to see that impact. Is that fair? Am I putting words in your mouth? Nope. That's perfect. Getting started on it and you know, as well as that, it's a complicated issue, but we really are pinging away at it or we're making some progress. We're gonna know more soon. Fantastic. And so very final question, which you touched on right at the beginning, there are a lot of people who are concerned that if you follow a ketogenic for a while, it's going to have some sort of permanent damage to your ability to deal with carbs. And I think this is cuz there's been a lot of things, talked about maybe a transient effect on how you eat carbs when you just switch off a ketogenic diet. You would've gone through the ethics, I'm sure of doing this study of putting people on the ketogenic diet for 12 weeks. Do you have any concerns? No, no, no. I mean all the molecular metabolic pathways there, the enzymes that you're making for digesting, they won't go away. Sorry. This reminds me of people who go vegan thinking, oh, now that I've gone vegan, I no longer make the enzymes that digest meat. God forbid I eat meat. Then I won't be able to digest it. Proteins are made of 20 amino acids, plants have 20 amino acids. Animal foods have 20 amino acids. You have the same enzymes when it comes to carbs, glucose, fructose, and galactose, that's all. That's their starch long chains of glucose. You have these carbohydrases, A-S-E stands for an enzyme. You have, they digest carbohydrates. You wouldn't possibly be able to eliminate your ability to digest carbs. You would bounce right back. So no real concern. You know, if I think about this as practical advice, maybe you can't stick with a ketogenic diet, but you're not causing yourself any long-term sort of permanent harm by having tried this? Not for carbohydrate metabolism. If, as the, my partner, my division chief as preventive cardiology saw these folks on keto with LDL sky high, if that's adding to atherosclerosis and the plaque, that might not be something that you can recover from some of the long-term nutrient deficiencies could be something that you don't recover from, but carbohydrate metabolism, not a problem. Bounce right back. Amazing. Christopher. I am gonna try and summarize what was a wide-ranging conversation. So, correct me if I get this wrong. So to start with a ketogenic diet is a diet where you go very low in carbs that the diet's actually been around for a long time, but only recently have people thought about as a way that if you wipe out carbs, then you can resolve insulin resistance and fix diabetes. And from that, we started to say, well, maybe it's a good diet for everybody. In this study where you got people to do both, you saw a lot of people lose weight on this ketogenic diet, the same as they did on this sort of Mediterranean diet, that on many of the health measures, you saw improvements as well. So in that sense can be some positive impact from following it. However, you saw that sustainability of this diet is significantly harder than the sort of, broader Mediterranean diet that you tried and that by the time you were 12 weeks off the study, actually, even the people who are most keen were no longer in this state of ketosis, which is where they're just firing off fat. It just wasn't possible to sustain it at the level to give the results that are really required. It doesn't seem any better than a high-quality high-carb diet. And you have some real concerns, particularly think about certain nutrients and maybe most of all about what it might be doing to your microbiome because you're taking away, all of these fibers. So conclusion with me is like, that I get to stick with my current ZOE diet that lets me indulge in bread in the occasional cake. And I don't need to move to the ketogenic diet, which is good, but that it's very personal. And maybe I think that's the final thing that there are individuals you were saying who actually really found it possible to follow And so that if there is someone who just, this really works great for them, then they might be able to do that for most of us, we're probably not going to be able to do it. So before we wrap up, I've got one final listener question from Jane on Instagram. I'd just love to wrap up with this one because it made me laugh. And her question is why is keto popular? It's horrendous. I think it's clickbait. I think a lot of people are having fun thinking, I think incorrectly, this is my invitation to eat meat. And so my takeaway from this is they don't actually understand how keto works. Keto is high fat. It is not high meat. Thank you so much as always. It's so much fun. There are so many other things that we could have touched on. So many of your other studies. So I'm hoping that you'll come back again and we can talk about some of those as well, as some, as the following analysis that that comes from this. More to come Jonathan, happy to come back sometime soon. Wonderful. Thank you, Christopher. Thank you to Christopher Gardner for joining me on ZOE's science and nutrition today. We hope you enjoyed today's episode. If you did, please be sure to subscribe and leave us a review, as we love reading your feedback. If this episode left you with questions, please send them in on Instagram or Facebook. And we'll try to answer them in a future episode. At ZOE, we want to improve the health of millions by understanding the right food for each of us to improve our health and manage our weight. Each member starts with an at-home test, comparing them with participants in the world's largest nutrition science study. If you're interested in learning more about ZOE, you can head to joinZOE.com/podcast and get 10% off your personalized nutrition program. As always. I'm your host, Jonathan Wolf. ZOE science and nutrition is produced by Fascinate Productions with support from Sharon Feder and Alex Jones here at ZOE. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clickaccept: The way this is debunked instantly, is to recognise that arctic inuits and Mediterraneans are different.

A good way to make diet advice utterly utterly utterly useless, is to refer to "public health recommendations" and randomised trials.
  2. @qwertyujsmdksk: these folks calling keto as "fad" are so selfish and ignorant. many people with mental illness have thrived and remissioned because of keto diet. i myself have helped by keto a lot mentally as when i eat carbs. i have uncontrollable cravings and causes my symptoms to worsen. keto keeps my brain stabilized
  3. @jessig9344: I want to be in a keto diet MAINLY because I want my GROCERY BILL to be less, which I noticed MOST items I buy have very high CARBOHYDRATES.
  4. @westcoastweave8041: Fruits on keto-blackberries raspberries blueberries rhubarb advocacies olives. Lots of green vegetables. It’s not beef and bacon-give me a break. I make brownies and muffins with almond flour. I have never felt better in my life. Lost 20lbs. Glucose resistance reversed. Most important thing is removing garbage processed foods.
  5. @insight8881: Do a keto diet if you want to have cardiovascular problems such as blocked arteries, heart attacks, or strokes.
  6. @MeHeidiE: Been on keto/carnivor since 2014 and my blood markers are textbook perfect. I feel fabulous. It has been sustainable for me.
  7. @Starchaser63: The elimination of carbohydrates results in both weight loss and improved mental and physical health 👍
  8. @chelseamazeall1989: What about the Mediterranean diet for epilepsy?
  9. @KidsNeedTheirDadscom: Get this Christopher Gardner off your channel, and all the other guests who spew out numbers.. and number.. and numbers.. and numbers.. and grams.. and grams.. and grams.. and grams.. so No One has the slightest clue what these Bozzos are talking about.
  10. @myopenmind527: There is no reason why a ketogenic diet should be low carb. 

What planet is this nutrition “expert”from? 

How badly was his “well formulated ketogenic diet”? 

If I reviewed his paper I would have rejected it as being poorly constructed. 

What hard evidence is there that high LDL is harmful? Recent research suggests that prior conventional thinking on this may be seriously flawed.
  11. @myopenmind527: I eat less than 20g of carbs per day. 
The food options are delicious. 
No sacrifice needed. 
Check out David Umwin on low carb diet.

Christopher’s paper states that his well formulated ketogenic diet could eat up to 50g of carbs so they may not have been in ketosis. 

I also suspect that compliance was not perfect.Patients wore a CGM but the study would have worked better if the patients were wearing a continuous ketone monitor (CKM).

The latter tells you just how much fat you are burning. 

When I started wearing a CKM my CGM measurements flatlined with no spikes.

Compliance is much easier when you monitor ketones directly.
  12. @myopenmind527: Christopher bias and ignorance from the outset.

Keto is a lifestyle. 

It’s not a low fibre diet unless you choose to. 

It’s a pity given his influence and the number of people that he could help.
  13. @exploring.flavors: Why is a vegan against keto teaching about keto, sooo biased!
  14. @Pipstar66: This guy does not seem objective and unqualified
  15. @acsearchingfortruth: I don't care if he's supposed to be some kind of expert, he is quite wrong about so much it isn't even funny. I wonder who paid for his studies.😂
  16. @sampark5567: Keto can have nuts and legume.  I think the guest is uninformed properly due to prejudice.
  17. @bartmcdonald1251: lol even though this bs is 3 years old, there are still grifters out there looking for clicks today. "carnivore gave me diabetes' or 'keto is bad and will kill you' but if you eat plants you will be fine. lol ok so how come 80% of the west is obese? the expert here is getting money from big food/seed oil/sugar lobby for sure. ask who funds his 'research' and you will have the answer. right off the bat he makes the claim that keto is a 'high meat' diet. wrong, it is a high fat diet. your body, the human body, will mostly use carbs or fat for energy, so  no carbs means high fat, not high protein. yes you will make glucose from protein, and that is a problem if you eat high protein...but that is not keto/carnivore. study on glycogen showed that there seems to be an upper limit to carb intake also.  your bloodstream right now has about i tsp of sugar in it, thats it. how many donuts do you need to eat? what happens to the excess? getting the fuel to the cells is a complicated process (like every thing in the body) and then turning that to atp. i would suggest watching https://www.youtube.com/@benbikman and learn about how all of it works. dont watch people on either side of this that can not back it up. what does keto do to your body? ask a person you know, not some bot on the you tube
  18. @ReallyJustAnotherDay: What the hell is he going on about
  19. @RumplStiltskin-r6e: This guy is a a dough-ball.
  20. @shellydallas6818: This guy is so monotone.

- New study compares Keto vs Mediterranean Diet!: Kind: captions Language: en a brand new study just came out comparing&nbsp; a ketogenic diet and a mediterranean diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's called keto-med (appropriately) and it's&nbsp; led by christopher gardner's lab at stanford.&nbsp;&nbsp; the main question they were trying to answer&nbsp; was, which diet is best for people with diabetes&nbsp;&nbsp; or pre-diabetes? both diets were designed to&nbsp; be clean, meaning that the participants were&nbsp;&nbsp; asked to avoid junk food, refined grains and added&nbsp; sugars, and both included non-starchy vegetables&nbsp;&nbsp; like leafy greens. the main differences were, the&nbsp; mediterranean diet included legumes, whole fruit&nbsp;&nbsp; and whole grains, while the keto diet avoided&nbsp; most of those foods, except for maybe some&nbsp;&nbsp; berries. the mediterranean diet also had&nbsp; plenty of olive oil, characteristically,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the main animal product was fish, whereas the&nbsp; keto diet had more animal foods like meat, eggs,&nbsp;&nbsp; cream etc. now, the macronutrient breakdowns&nbsp; were approximately 18% protein, 39%&nbsp;&nbsp; carbs and 45% fat on the mediterranean diet,&nbsp; so fairly typical, and on keto 24% protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; 12% carbs and 62% fat. now, i already know there's&nbsp; some viewers saying it's not low carb enough,&nbsp;&nbsp; because every time we make a video about&nbsp; a trial that's either low carb or low fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; regardless how low they go, there's 50 comments&nbsp; saying wasn't low enough. joking aside,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was actually pretty solid, the people on keto&nbsp; were asked to stay under 50 grams of carbs a day&nbsp;&nbsp; and they actually averaged 43, and they actually&nbsp; had an objective measure of ketosis, they measured&nbsp;&nbsp; the level of ketone bodies in the blood of the&nbsp; participants. they asked them to try to stay above&nbsp;&nbsp; 0.5 millimoles per liter and most of the time they&nbsp; succeeded, they were between 0.5 and 1.5 which the&nbsp;&nbsp; authors consider light ketosis, above 1.5 being&nbsp; optimal ketosis. we can compare this for example&nbsp;&nbsp; to the virta study, which is a study run by a&nbsp; company that specializes in low-carb diets and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's actually overseen by some of the intellectual&nbsp; leaders of the low-carb/keto movement. in Virta&nbsp;&nbsp; they were also shooting for ketones above 0.5,&nbsp; same range as the keto-med trial we're looking at,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that seems reasonable. in Virta the&nbsp; participants stayed in average right above 0.5&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first six months, by one year most were&nbsp; under 0.5, so no longer in ketosis technically,&nbsp;&nbsp; and by two years only 14% were in ketosis.&nbsp; now, Virta is much longer than keto-med but&nbsp;&nbsp; even early on they were right above 0.5, just&nbsp; barely making it into this light ketosis range,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it's just difficult to get people to&nbsp; adhere to these strong elimination diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is not specific to low carb. we had&nbsp; a recent video where we looked at a trial&nbsp;&nbsp; comparing mediterranean to a diet they called low&nbsp; fat and we saw that they had a really hard time&nbsp;&nbsp; getting the participants to significantly cut&nbsp; back on the fat so this is just something we see&nbsp;&nbsp; consistently. so the issue is always that you're&nbsp; not dealing with mice in cages so there's a limit&nbsp;&nbsp; to how much experimental control you have. on the&nbsp; other hand, when we're just choosing a diet for&nbsp;&nbsp; ourselves, this aspect of populational adherence&nbsp; matters much less, the only factor is whether&nbsp;&nbsp; you can stick with it it, doesn't matter how many&nbsp; other people can do it. okay, back to the trial,&nbsp;&nbsp; so they looked at 33 people that were either&nbsp; diabetic or pre-diabetic, so it's not a large&nbsp;&nbsp; number of subjects, so that's a caveat to bear in&nbsp; mind, although they used what's called a crossover&nbsp;&nbsp; design, where each participant goes on both&nbsp; diets sequentially, so in a way you get double&nbsp;&nbsp; the amount of data. so each participant went on&nbsp; one diet for 12 weeks, then the next diet for&nbsp;&nbsp; another 12 weeks and finally 12 weeks of follow-up&nbsp; where they didn't get any dietary instructions so&nbsp;&nbsp; they could eat what they wanted, and the order&nbsp; was chosen at random so approximately half of&nbsp;&nbsp; the participants did the keto diet first and&nbsp; then the mediterranean, and the other half&nbsp;&nbsp; did the mediterranean first and then the keto.&nbsp; the main parameter they were interested in,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's called in nerd speak the primary outcome,&nbsp; was glycated hemoglobin or hemoglobin a1c,&nbsp;&nbsp; as it's also known, and that's an average of the&nbsp; glucose levels over the previous three months.&nbsp;&nbsp; both diets lowered hemoglobin a1c compared&nbsp; to the baseline, right before the experiment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there was no significant difference between&nbsp; the two. now, honestly when i read that at first&nbsp;&nbsp; it was surprising to me, i expected both diets to&nbsp; generate an improvement but i thought keto would&nbsp;&nbsp; have an edge. in type 2 diabetes the carbohydrate&nbsp; processing machinery is sluggish so there's two&nbsp;&nbsp; things we can do, in the short term we can avoid&nbsp; excessive or supraphysiological glucose peaks&nbsp;&nbsp; while the machinery is still defective. that&nbsp; doesn't solve the underlying issue but it&nbsp;&nbsp; avoids a problematic manifestation. the other&nbsp; thing that can be done is to fix the underlying&nbsp;&nbsp; issue so the machinery works normally, and the&nbsp; main lever to do that shown in randomized trials&nbsp;&nbsp; is to moderate overall caloric intake and to lose&nbsp; a little bit of the excess fat mass that people&nbsp;&nbsp; tend to carry, we covered all of this in a recent&nbsp; video where we talked to professor roy Taylor, a&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetologist from the UK. so any diet that helps&nbsp; with weight loss can help with the function of&nbsp;&nbsp; the machinery, with the underlying issue, this is&nbsp; why a lot of times you'll see some people saying&nbsp;&nbsp; "a low-fat diet reverse my diabetes" and somebody&nbsp; else says "a low-carb diet reversed my diabetes"&nbsp;&nbsp; or "a vegan diet" or "a paleo diet"... they're not&nbsp; lying, the common theme is they all eliminated our&nbsp;&nbsp; moderated ultra processed foods, calorically&nbsp; concentrated foods, so that helps moderate&nbsp;&nbsp; overall caloric intake. so i expected both diets&nbsp; to deliver a benefit because they're both clean&nbsp;&nbsp; diets, they're both low in ultra processed foods,&nbsp; and i thought keto would also help moderate the&nbsp;&nbsp; postprandial glucose peaks in that initial phase&nbsp; while the underlying machinery is still sluggish,&nbsp;&nbsp; just because there's less glucose being&nbsp; eaten, and in fact diabetes is one context&nbsp;&nbsp; where there's quite a bit of data showing that&nbsp; low carb diets can be a valid tool to help&nbsp;&nbsp; with glycemic control. yet overall, the results&nbsp; showed no statistically significant difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between the two diets, but i think when we look a&nbsp; little deeper it does suggest a difference. see,&nbsp;&nbsp; in order to avoid hypoglycemia, in order to&nbsp; avoid their glucose levels from crashing too low,&nbsp;&nbsp; the participants who were on glucose lowering&nbsp; medication were asked to reduce it before getting&nbsp;&nbsp; on the diets. now, that's pretty standard in this&nbsp; type of dietary intervention trial, the problem&nbsp;&nbsp; is the participants who were about to go on the&nbsp; mediterranean diet cut their medication in half&nbsp;&nbsp; while the ones that were about to go on the keto&nbsp; diet completely eliminated it, so it's possible&nbsp;&nbsp; that the drugs that were still left helped the&nbsp; mediterranean diet perform a little bit better,&nbsp;&nbsp; push the glucose a little bit lower, whereas&nbsp; the people on keto didn't have this extra&nbsp;&nbsp; help. to the investigator's credit, they ran a&nbsp; separate analysis where they matched for a dose&nbsp;&nbsp; of glucose-lowering medication, and when they&nbsp; did that, the results do suggest an edge for&nbsp;&nbsp; keto being able to lower hemoglobin a1c a little&nbsp; bit more than the mediterranean diet. now, the&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers of participants in that analysis are very&nbsp; low so we have to be cautious, but the results do&nbsp;&nbsp; suggest somewhat of an edge. they also asked the&nbsp; participants to wear a continuous glucose monitor,&nbsp;&nbsp; which looks at the dynamics of glucose levels&nbsp; over the course of the day, and here again they&nbsp;&nbsp; saw that both diets improved glucose control,&nbsp; with keto performing a little better. so overall,&nbsp;&nbsp; both diets clearly beneficial compared to baseline&nbsp; and the results indicate that the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; may have an edge with regards to glucose control,&nbsp; at least in this time frame, and remember,&nbsp;&nbsp; the participants were in light ketosis, so it's&nbsp; possible if they were in deeper ketosis the&nbsp;&nbsp; results would have been even stronger. possible.&nbsp; the researchers also looked at blood lipids,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this was interesting, the ketogenic diet was&nbsp; better at lowering triglycerides but it was worse&nbsp;&nbsp; for ldl-cholesterol. now, that's a pretty common&nbsp; pattern in low carb trials but it's by no means&nbsp;&nbsp; a necessity, and we'll come back to this in a&nbsp; minute. they also looked at body weight. both&nbsp;&nbsp; diets delivered weight loss, it seemed like maybe&nbsp; a bit more on keto, it wasn't completely clear,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you remember, it was a crossover study, people&nbsp; who did keto first did lose significantly more&nbsp;&nbsp; weight than people on the mediterranean&nbsp; diet but the people who did keto second,&nbsp;&nbsp; there was no significance there, so it wasn't&nbsp; completely clear, there's a bit of uncertainty,&nbsp;&nbsp; but for me looking at it, it does look like&nbsp; there's a trend for keto to lose a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; more weight. now, ideally we'd want to know body&nbsp; composition, how much of the weight is actual fat&nbsp;&nbsp; mass versus lean mass, we know for example that&nbsp; with low carb diets it's common to see early on&nbsp;&nbsp; a loss of glycogen and water, so we want to know&nbsp; how much of the lost weight is actual fat mass,&nbsp;&nbsp; but those details were not reported. and finally,&nbsp; they looked at what the participants chose to eat&nbsp;&nbsp; in that follow-up phase when the pressure is&nbsp; gone and they get to choose, and they found&nbsp;&nbsp; that they generally gravitated more towards&nbsp; a mediterranean-ish diet and not so much&nbsp;&nbsp; a low-carb diet. and the researchers suggest this&nbsp; indicates more sustainability long-term or maybe a&nbsp;&nbsp; higher personal preference in default conditions.&nbsp; so bottom line, i really like this trial, it shows&nbsp;&nbsp; us clearly that each diet had something to offer&nbsp; and neither one was perfect, mediterranean lowered&nbsp;&nbsp; hemoglobin a1c but keto probably lowered it a&nbsp; bit more, and it was better for cgm parameters,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it was worse for cholesterol, mediterranean&nbsp; was better for cholesterol, but keto was better&nbsp;&nbsp; for triglycerides and mediterranean might be&nbsp; a bit more sustainable long term. now, at face&nbsp;&nbsp; value we might think, okay so i just got to pick&nbsp; one diet and compromise on the shortcomings,&nbsp;&nbsp; but i think this trial and all the&nbsp; evidence we've been looking at lately&nbsp;&nbsp; are giving us a much deeper and much more&nbsp; empowering message, that we can tailor our&nbsp;&nbsp; diet to our needs using different features&nbsp; from all these different dietary patterns,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we don't have to compromise on health, and we&nbsp; shouldn't. let's say i prefer a low carb diet and&nbsp;&nbsp; i'm actually one of the people who can sustain&nbsp; it long term and i do well on it, do i have&nbsp;&nbsp; to expose myself to high ldl-cholesterol, am&nbsp; i stuck with that? no! in this trial, people&nbsp;&nbsp; on keto were eating twice the saturated fat of the&nbsp; mediterranean diet and half the fiber, they ate as&nbsp;&nbsp; much fiber as the average american on the standard&nbsp; american diet so it's entirely predictable that&nbsp;&nbsp; their cholesterol would go up, but it's completely&nbsp; doable to design a low-carb diet, even a ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet, with more fiber, less saturated fat and more&nbsp; unsaturated fats, and there's lots of precedent&nbsp;&nbsp; for this, studies have shown a low-carb diet&nbsp; rich in unsaturated fats helps lower cholesterol,&nbsp;&nbsp; not increase it, so this general idea that&nbsp; low-carb diets jack up your cholesterol and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; something you just have to live with is not a&nbsp; necessity at all, it's basically a misconception.&nbsp;&nbsp; i've been saying this for like two or three years&nbsp; now, i have old videos where i go over this. real&nbsp;&nbsp; quick aside, ldl-cholesterol is a marker of apob&nbsp; lipoproteins that carry cholesterol, and high apob&nbsp;&nbsp; raises cardiovascular risk, the evidence on that&nbsp; is abundant and unequivocal, we've covered that in&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of previous videos. as far as the different&nbsp; types of fat, saturated fat generally refers to&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty meats, butter, coconut oil etc and&nbsp; unsaturated fat, it's things like nuts and seeds,&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty fish and most vegetable oil. okay, but&nbsp; maybe there's a disadvantage to unsaturated fats,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe they're better for cholesterol and&nbsp; for cardiovascular risk but they're worse&nbsp;&nbsp; for triglycerides or glucose, and maybe it's&nbsp; a trade-off? we actually have trials comparing&nbsp;&nbsp; different keto diets, same proportion of protein,&nbsp; fat and carbohydrate, just different types of fat.&nbsp;&nbsp; high saturated fat keto versus polyunsaturated&nbsp; fat keto, and what this trial found was that&nbsp;&nbsp; people on the poly unsaturated fat ketogenic diet&nbsp; had lower cholesterol, that's not surprising,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also lower triglycerides, lower glucose and&nbsp; better insulin sensitivity. the authors concluded&nbsp;&nbsp; "a polyunsaturated fat ketogenic diet may&nbsp; be superior to the classical saturated fat&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet for chronic administration".&nbsp; so yes, you can get the best of both worlds.&nbsp;&nbsp; and speaking of chronic administration, this is&nbsp; another caveat that always has to be brought up,&nbsp;&nbsp; we don't know what happens long&nbsp; term on very low carb diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; five years, 10 years, 20 years on 10 or 5 percent&nbsp; of calories from carbs, what happens to disease&nbsp;&nbsp; incidence rates. low carb diets have been around&nbsp; for 100 years or more but we don't have cohort&nbsp;&nbsp; studies with reasonably matched populations over&nbsp; the long run. i'm sure those studies will come&nbsp;&nbsp; eventually, until then it's a bit of a question&nbsp; mark. it doesn't mean people can't do the diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just something that we have to bear in mind.&nbsp; okay, so the keto diet is completely optimizable,&nbsp;&nbsp; the exact same thing goes for the mediterranean&nbsp; diet, if i'm on a mediterranean diet and i like it&nbsp;&nbsp; but my triglycerides or my glucose aren't quite&nbsp; where i want them, nothing stops me from tweaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; from for example taking a percentage of the&nbsp; whole grains on my plate and replacing that&nbsp;&nbsp; with some unsaturated fat or some protein, that&nbsp; could be nuts and seeds, some legumes, some fatty&nbsp;&nbsp; fish... so understanding these simple principles&nbsp; allows us to fine-tune our diet to fit our needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it's low-carb, high-carb, intermediate&nbsp; carb, without having to go through these&nbsp;&nbsp; whiplash changes from one extreme all the way&nbsp; to the other. we marry the science with the&nbsp;&nbsp; individual circumstances to personalize and give&nbsp; the person the best odds, right? we don't ignore&nbsp;&nbsp; individual circumstances and we don't ignore&nbsp; the science either. and as we said, avoiding&nbsp;&nbsp; the glucose spikes doesn't necessarily mean the&nbsp; underlying issue is resolved, I could still be&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin resistant and diabetic technically&nbsp; and just not see the manifestation if there's&nbsp;&nbsp; no carbohydrate challenge to the system, so for&nbsp; type 2 diabetes, bearing in mind for most people,&nbsp;&nbsp; losing a little bit of that extra fat mass is&nbsp; going to be beneficial, so whichever diet keeps&nbsp;&nbsp; you satiated and is sustainable long term is going&nbsp; to help you achieve and maintain a healthy body&nbsp;&nbsp; weight and improve your glucose metabolism.&nbsp; some people do better on a low carb diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; some on a low fat diet and someone neither. we see&nbsp; this individual variation in studies and i hear it&nbsp;&nbsp; every day from you guys in the comments, so&nbsp; it's crucial to give people some options,&nbsp;&nbsp; some healthy options, so they don't have to&nbsp; fall prey to crazy fads, the all-bacon diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or the rice and sugar diet, just because those&nbsp; help lose weight. and yes, both of those are&nbsp;&nbsp; real things i've seen on the internet. the authors&nbsp; say it themselves: "there should be less focus on&nbsp;&nbsp; promoting one particular diet as best and rather,&nbsp; allow patients to make an informed choice to help&nbsp;&nbsp; them establish which approach is most suitable for&nbsp; them". a diet should not tie your hands. the diet&nbsp;&nbsp; should serve you, not the other way around. i see&nbsp; people all the time struggling to stick to these&nbsp;&nbsp; diets and compromising, "oh this diet is good for&nbsp; this but it's bad for that, oh well"... you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; have to play that game, you don't owe allegiance&nbsp; to a diet, why shouldn't you take something good&nbsp;&nbsp; from both sides if it helps you? in fact, people&nbsp; have already coined the mediterranean keto diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; a blend of both. the internet can convey this&nbsp; idea that diets are rigid structures, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; the low carb diet and the low fat diet and if you&nbsp; deviate, you're a traitor and a failure. these are&nbsp;&nbsp; internet constructs, if your diet is giving you&nbsp; the results you want short-term and long-term,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimizing your health overall and you like it,&nbsp; stick with it. if not, tweak it, change it. yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can have your cake and eat it too. even if it&nbsp; is a low carb cake. so what are your thoughts on&nbsp;&nbsp; this trial? did it give you some new ideas? let&nbsp; me know below, take care, see you next time, bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @pkabai [2 likes]: Great channel and a lot of work.
  2. @LH-kr4od [1 likes]: I just think you need to look at the blue zones. They all eat a roughly Mediterranean diet, even in Japan etc. I can’t think of many countries with high longevity that eat keto. Also legumes have so many additional health benefits besides protein and fibre. I imagine the main issues with people who think they’re on the Mediterranean diet is overdoing the meat and dairy and wholegrain carbs so that it becomes much closer to the standard western diet.
  3. @rachelrenee79 [1 likes]: I had to stop keto because I have a congenital heart condition and it made my heart race, I couldn’t sleep, I had pain, and weakness. I’m going back to my low carb/calorie deficit.
  4. @terrifraser9085 [1 likes]: Thank you! Very helpful ❤
  5. @elephantintheroom5678 [1 likes]: Mediterranean Keto diet high in efa's, walnuts, flaxseed and fish for me.
  6. @great-garden-watch [1 likes]: Such a great analysis
  7. @jonathanlee5185 [1 likes]: Thanks
  8. @jefdesmarets7150 [1 likes]: In the Virtatrial you can see that the degree of keto in the blood went down. That doesn't mean necessarilly that the adhearance to the diet has changed, Maybe the metabolism adapted and managed the ketones differently
  9. @DM-hp7ct [1 likes]: I like your non sensationalist style - no cliff hangers. Very informative. Subscribed.
  10. @digitaldaemon74: I wonder how a carb cycling approach would work utilizing these two approaches
  11. @ritaweygint4038: This video is just excellent! I got my A1c down from the pre-diabetic range to 5.4 in 3 months with the carnivore diet, BUT my LDL was over 350… Not good. I’m already a comparatively lean small person. These measures were not taken to lose weight, although I did lose a lot, probably too much. Then I limited the saturated fat, went more “Mediterranean” and after 3-5 months my lipids normalized for the first time in years! Total Cholesterol 180, Triglycerides 45, A1c 5.6. So I know I’m finally on the right track. For me, starches, grains, dairy and fruit have to be limited to continue to lower A1c. I do supplement with Berberine, Red Yeast Rice and Fish Oil - I think these supplements are really helping too.
  12. @PhilSmulian: I'd rather have the low carb cake and eat the normal one ;)
  13. @Kmbb2000: I know this is an older video but I’ve recently lost 17 pounds so far on low carb pescatarian. I want to lose more. At first I wasn’t losing weight much at all. I feared I had insulin resistance. 

I went and got a glucose monitor and stuck my finger a lot. Got another meter to compare. (Getting into obsession mode at that point) started stating after eating certain foods etc. my fasting glucose from my MD was under 100. It was 97 she was not concerned. But I was. I went down to 20 carbs a day and upped my exercise and weights. I hadn’t been doing much cardio before that mostly weights as I’m post menopause and hear to do WEIGHT WEIGHT WEIGHTS 😂.   So after the above modifications I started losing. Then I got into fasting. Weight flew off compared to when I began my diet a few months ago. 

My issue: my potassium for low and I had tachycardia that took me a few days to fix. Drank the dreaded zero Gatorade also 😮.  

My glucose before the fasting was good. Like 86-96 waking up and after meals it would go back down to baseline within 2-3 hrs. On the low carb pescatarian. 

Here’s the issue : a day or so after I did the 36 hr fast my glucose was ALL OVER the place. 📈 waking glucose on the usual 8 hr sleep fast was like 124 and then would be 90. Very sporadic like it never had before. I AM STUMPED. what happened ? 🤷‍♀️ I even bought another monitor to weigh the accuracy of the first one. I bought new test strips. I did a control test. Why does my glucose spike and drop now ? I fear I may have a legitimate problem. And the twice a year glucose blood work my MD does isn’t showing the full picture. 

I’ve done experiments cutting certain supplements. I can not find the answer other than I got sick from fasting. ?

I may go see my MD and tell her and get her take. 

If I’m losing weight why is my glucose going up ? My BP went up as well. 😢 I didn’t have any of these issues before the 36 hr fast I did that caused me a few days of tachycardia ❗️I’m stumped. Then again in the past I’ve had the flu and didn’t know it u til tested. I just felt off. And I had shingles without a rash. My body does bizarre things 😭
  14. @KookaburraCrumbs: 12% fat seems really high for keto, which I thought was 5%.
  15. @johniledet1876: This really helped me ty! I’ve done keto n I’ve lost 200 pounds but I am tired of it so I was thinking of med diet but after listening I thing I’m gonna do a more tailored approach eat clean n if I do grains count those carbs n fruit!! I’ll figure it out  !! Great channel
  16. @ŠárkaNovotná-g4t: It does not show long-term impact of (not) eating great variety of vegetables and grains. Macronutriens are not the only thing what matters in healthy diet.
  17. @seasonalliving2881: I’d love to see you do a video with Dr. Anna Pleet.  She is an American doctor who trained in the Mediterranean.  You both seem to have similar perspectives.  Love the Mediterranean!
  18. @RedRyz3n: IF, walking 10k steps daily , adding some strength training, and keto or Mediterranean diet will melt fat. Spain was rated as the most healthy country in the world, guess what diet they primarily follow, it’s not keto.
  19. @cavart50: Excellent video. Even in some of the scientific papers on the MD, there were subgroups of “higher” carb versus “lower carb”.

So a diet doesn’t become non-MD because one avoids lots of potatoes, rice, bread or whole grains. Instead, I like to think of lots of veggies, some limited carbs and then some proteins as being very healthy and balanced. Of course there are good fats ingested as well—EVOO, fatty fishes like salmon, mackerel etc. 

Unfortunately there is a “cult” that advocates 100% plant-based foods. If that’s your thing, then fine. Personally, I think some occasional animal proteins plus lots of non-starchy vegetables and occasional fruits is fine. 

Health wise, the bottom line is that as long as you can consistently avoid crappy, processed food and eat lots of non-starchy vegetables and fresh fruits, with some lean proteins, you will improve your metabolic health.
  20. @cavart50: Excellent video. Even in some of the scientific papers on the MD, there were subgroups of “higher” carb versus “lower carb”.

So a diet doesn’t become non-MD because one avoids lots of potatoes, rice, bread or whole grains. Instead, I like to think of lots of veggies, some limited carbs and then some proteins as being very healthy and balanced. Of course there are good fats ingested as well—EVOO, fatty fishes like salmon, mackerel etc. 

Unfortunately there is a “cult” that advocates 100% plant-based foods. If that’s your thing, then fine. Personally, I think some occasional animal proteins plus lots of non-starchy vegetables and occasional fruits is fine. 

Health wise, the bottom line is that as long as you can consistently avoid crappy, processed food and eat lots of non-starchy vegetables and fresh fruits, with some lean proteins, you will improve your metabolic health.

- The Big Keto Mistake... Eating For Longevity: Kind: captions Language: en What is the best blood sugar level after the age of 60? Should your morning reading always be below 100? Is 120 too high? Is an A1C of 6% always better than an A1C of 7.5%? Many older adults become worried when they see a single number outside the normal range. Some begin skipping meals, avoiding all carbohydrates, or taking extra medication because they believe the lowest possible blood sugar must be the healthiest. But after 60, that approach can be dangerous. Persistently high blood sugar can damage the eyes, kidneys, nerves, heart, and blood vessels. But blood sugar that falls too low can cause confusion, falls, seizures, loss of consciousness, and a medical emergency within minutes. The safest target is therefore not the lowest number you can achieve. It is the range that protects you from long-term complications without exposing you to dangerous hypoglycemia. For a healthy and independent 62-year-old, a fasting glucose between 80 and 130 mg per deciliter may be reasonable. For an 85-year-old who has kidney disease, memory difficulties, an inconsistent appetite, and a history of falls, a slightly higher target may be considerably safer. Current diabetes guidance recommends individualizing blood sugar goals according to a person's overall health, cognitive ability, independence, medications, treatment burden, and risk of hypoglycemia. In this video, you will learn what fasting blood sugar should be after 60, what your after-meal reading means, what A1C level may be appropriate, why some seniors need a broader target, how to recognize dangerously low or high blood sugar, and the common morning mistake that can make an otherwise good reading misleading. Before we begin, remember that these are general educational ranges. Do not change insulin, diabetes medication, meal timing, or your personal glucose target without speaking with the healthcare professional managing your diabetes. When someone says, "My blood sugar was 140." That number means very little without context. Was it measured immediately after waking? Was it checked before breakfast? Was it measured 1 hour after eating? Was it checked 2 hours after eating? Or was it measured while the person was feeling shaky or dizzy? Blood sugar changes naturally throughout the day. It usually rises after carbohydrates are digested. It can fall during physical activity, stress, infection, dehydration, poor sleep, pain, and certain medications can also increase it. There are four measurements you should understand. The first is fasting glucose. This is usually measured after at least 8 hours without food or calorie-containing beverages. For most people, it means checking shortly after waking and before breakfast. The second is before-meal glucose. This is checked immediately before lunch, dinner, or another meal. The third is after-meal glucose. This is commonly checked 1 or 2 hours after the beginning of a meal, not 2 hours after the final bite. The fourth is A1C. A1C is a laboratory test that estimates your average blood glucose exposure during approximately the previous 3 months. These measurements answer different questions. Your fasting result shows what happened overnight. Your after-meal result shows how your body responded to food. Your A1C reveals the broader pattern. One isolated reading cannot tell the entire story. Let us begin with older adults who have not been diagnosed with diabetes. A laboratory fasting glucose of 99 mg per deciliter or lower is considered within the normal diagnostic range. A fasting result between 100 and 125 is in the pre-diabetes range. A fasting result of 126 or higher may indicate diabetes. Unless someone has unmistakable symptoms or a hyperglycemic emergency, the result generally needs to be confirmed through appropriate medical testing. For A1C below 5.7% is considered normal. Between 5.7 and 6.4% is considered pre-diabetes. And 6.5% or higher is in the diabetes range. These diagnostic thresholds do not automatically change when you turn 60, 70, or 80. However, a diagnostic threshold and a treatment target are not the same thing. A diagnostic threshold helps determine whether a person may have diabetes. A treatment target tells someone already living with diabetes what range they should aim for while using nutrition, exercise, medication, or insulin. This distinction is extremely important. An older adult may have a personal treatment target that is higher than the normal range because aggressively forcing the glucose lower would create an unacceptable risk of Do not use a home glucose meter to diagnose yourself. Home meters are useful for monitoring, but diagnosis should be based on professional laboratory testing and medical interpretation. For many non-pregnant adults living with diabetes, a common general target is 80 to 130 mg per deciliter before meals and below 180 mg per deciliter 1 to 2 hours after the meal begins. A common A1C goal for many adults is below 7%, but these numbers are only a starting point. They are not the correct targets for every person over 60. two people can both be 70 years old but require completely different diabetes plans. One person may be physically active, have good kidney function, manage medication independently, and rarely experience hypoglycemia. The other may have heart failure, chronic kidney disease, poor appetite, memory loss, limited mobility, and a history of falling after low blood sugar. Giving both individuals the same strict target could cause serious harm. That is why current recommendations divide older adults into broad health categories. The first group includes older adults who are generally healthy and function independently. They may have a few stable health conditions, but they can prepare meals, take medication correctly, monitor their glucose, and recognize symptoms of hypoglycemia. For many people in this category, a reasonable goal may be an A1C below approximately 7 to 7.5%. A fasting or before-meal glucose between 80 and 130 mg/dL, and a bedtime glucose between approximately 80 and 180. These goals remain relatively close to the targets recommended for younger adults because healthy seniors may still have many active years ahead of them. Good glucose control may help reduce the risk of kidney disease, nerve damage, vision problems, and other complications, but even a healthy older adult should not pursue a low A1C at any cost. Suppose your A1C is 6.4%, but you wake up sweating with a glucose level of 55 several times each month. That A1C is not evidence of safe control. It may be evidence that your treatment is too aggressive. The goal is not merely to produce an impressive laboratory result. The goal is to remain healthy, independent, mentally alert, and free from preventable complications. The second category includes older adults who have several chronic medical conditions. These may include heart disease, chronic kidney disease, previous stroke, lung disease, significant arthritis, or other illnesses that complicate diabetes management. They may also have mild memory difficulties, frailty, reduced mobility, or trouble completing certain daily activities. For many people in this category, a reasonable target may be an A1C below approximately 8%. A fasting or before-meal glucose between 90 and 150 mg per deciliter, and a bedtime glucose between approximately 100 and 180. These broader targets do not mean doctors have stopped caring about high blood sugar. They mean the healthcare team is balancing two different risks. One is the long-term risk from persistently elevated glucose. The other is the immediate risk created by aggressive treatment. For example, kidney function commonly declines with age because the kidneys help remove insulin and some diabetes medications from the body. Reduced kidney function can cause a medication to remain active for longer than expected. A dose that was previously safe may begin causing low blood sugar. Appetite can also become unpredictable. A senior may take insulin before dinner, but then eat only a few bites because of nausea, dental problems, difficulty swallowing, or reduced appetite. The insulin continues lowering glucose even though the expected carbohydrate never arrived. In such circumstances, an A1C of 7.8% may be safer than attempting to force it down to 6.5% with additional medication. The 2026 ADA framework recommends less stringent targets for older adults with more complex health, while prioritizing medications and strategies that reduce hypoglycemia. The third category includes people with very complex health needs. This may include residents of long-term care facilities, people with advanced frailty, severe cognitive impairment, major dependence in daily activities, or serious end-stage illness. For these individuals, doctors may avoid relying heavily on A1C. The priority may instead be preventing hypoglycemia and avoiding high glucose severe enough to cause symptoms. A possible fasting or before-meal range may be approximately 100 to 180 mg per deciliter. A possible bedtime range may be 110 to 200 mg per deciliter. These broader numbers are not neglect. They reflect a change in the goals of treatment. The immediate priorities may include preventing dehydration, avoiding confusion and falls, maintaining adequate nutrition, reducing painful finger checks, simplifying medication schedules, and preventing unnecessary emergency visits or hospitalization. Strict treatment may take years to deliver some of its long-term benefits. A frail person with serious health problems may experience the risks of intensive treatment immediately without receiving all of those long-term benefits. This is why you should never compare your target with another person's target without understanding their complete medical situation. Blood glucose below 70 mg per deciliter is considered low. A reading below approximately 54 mg per deciliter represents a more serious level of hypoglycemia, but symptoms do not always begin at exactly the same number. Someone whose glucose has remained extremely high for several months may feel shaky when it falls to 90, even though 90 is not medically low. Another person may fall below 60 without experiencing any obvious warning. This is called hypoglycemia unawareness. Common signs of low blood sugar include shaking, sweating, a rapid heartbeat, sudden hunger, weakness, dizziness, headache, irritability, confusion, blurred vision, unusual behavior, or difficulty walking. If the glucose continues falling, the person may experience a seizure or lose consciousness. Low blood sugar can be particularly dangerous in older adults because it may look like another medical problem. Family members may believe the person is experiencing dementia, exhaustion, intoxication, or a stroke. The person may fall before understanding what is happening. Blood sugar below 70 requires action, and untreated hypoglycemia can become dangerous. When a conscious person can swallow safely and their glucose is below 70, a common approach is the 15-15 rule. Consume approximately 15 g of fast-acting carbohydrate, wait 15 minutes, then check the glucose again. Possible options include three or four glucose tablets, depending on the label, glucose gel, half a cup of regular juice, or half a cup of regular, not diet, soda. If the reading remains below 70, repeat the process. Once the glucose returns to a safer range, follow your established medical plan regarding a meal or balanced snack. Chocolate is not usually the best first treatment because its fat content can slow the absorption of sugar. Do not give food or drink to someone who is unconscious, having a seizure, or unable to swallow safely. They could choke. Use prescribed glucagon when it is available and you have been trained to administer it, and call emergency services. The CDC recommends the 15-15 method for treating low blood sugar in a conscious person who can safely swallow. Repeated low readings mean the treatment plan needs review. They are not something you should tolerate merely to maintain a low A1C. A single reading slightly above your target is usually not an emergency. Perhaps you ate a larger meal than usual, slept poorly, experienced stress, or forgot a medication dose. The pattern matters more than one isolated number. Persistent high blood sugar may cause constant thirst, frequent urination, dry mouth, blurred vision, fatigue, unexplained weight loss, slow wound healing, and recurrent infections. Very high glucose can also cause serious dehydration and potentially life-threatening emergencies. Seek urgent medical care when high blood sugar occurs with repeated vomiting, severe abdominal pain, deep or difficult breathing, fruity-smelling breath, severe weakness, increasing drowsiness, confusion, fainting, or an inability to keep fluids down. Do not repeatedly take extra insulin unless you have been given a specific correction plan. Taking several doses too close together, sometimes called insulin stacking, can cause severe delayed hypoglycemia. A1C estimates your average blood sugar exposure over approximately 3 months, but an average can hide dangerous highs and lows. Imagine one person whose glucose remains between 120 and 160 most of the time. Now, imagine another person whose glucose repeatedly swings between 50 and 250. Their A1C results could potentially appear similar, even though the second person has much more dangerous glucose variability. This is why A1C should be interpreted alongside home readings or continuous glucose monitor information. A1C can also be affected by certain forms of anemia, kidney disease, recent blood loss, blood transfusions, and some hemoglobin conditions. Tell your clinician when your A1C result does not appear to match your meter or continuous glucose monitor. Do not assume that one result automatically proves the other is wrong. A continuous glucose monitor, commonly called a CGM, measures glucose throughout the day and night. Instead of providing only one reading, it shows the direction and pattern. It can reveal whether your glucose rises sharply after breakfast, falls during an afternoon walk, drops while you are sleeping, or remains high during illness. One important CGM measurement is called time in range. The standard range for many people is between 70 and 180 mg per deciliter. For many healthy older adults, the goal may be to spend at least 70% of the day within this range while minimizing below 70. For an older adult with complex health or a high risk of hypoglycemia, a less stringent time in range goal may be appropriate with a very strong emphasis on preventing low glucose. Current ADA guidance recommends CGM for many older adults using insulin because it can improve glucose management and help reduce hypoglycemia and treatment burden. A CGM is a decision-making tool. It is not a report card on your character. Do not become discouraged because the line is not perfect. Use the information to recognize patterns and make safer decisions with your health care team. Many adults are frustrated when their fasting glucose is higher than their bedtime reading. They may say, "I did not eat anything during the night, so why did my blood sugar increase?" One possible explanation is the dawn phenomenon. During the early morning hours, the body releases hormones that help prepare you to wake up. These hormones can signal the liver to release stored glucose into the bloodstream. A high morning reading can also result from a large evening meal, a late-night snack, insufficient medication, poor sleep, sleep apnea, stress, illness, steroid medication, or reduced physical activity. Do not skip dinner or take extra insulin simply because of one elevated morning result. Instead, look for a pattern over several days. Record your bedtime glucose, the time and content of your evening meal, medication timing, your fasting glucose, and any overnight symptoms. A CGM can be particularly helpful because it reveals whether glucose climbed gradually overnight or dropped first and then rose. Before checking your glucose, wash and thoroughly dry your hands. This may sound unimportant, but food residue can produce a falsely elevated result. Suppose you handled fruit, jam, or another carbohydrate-containing food and then tested without washing, a tiny amount of sugar on the finger may contaminate the blood sample. Use soap and water rather than relying only on an alcohol wipe when your hands may contain food residue. Also, check that your test strips have not expired, they were stored correctly, the meter has enough power, and you applied an adequate blood sample. If a reading is completely unexpected and does not match how you feel, wash and dry your hands and repeat the test with a new strip, but do not continue testing repeatedly because you dislike the result. Meters are allowed a certain margin of variation, so consecutive readings may not be identical. When symptoms are severe, seek medical care instead of spending valuable time troubleshooting the meter. Five habits that support safer blood sugar. Habit one, take medication consistently. Do not skip medication because today's reading looks good. A good reading may mean the medication is working. Do not double a dose after an unexpectedly high result unless your clinician has provided specific instructions. Habit two, avoid skipping meals. Skipping meals can be dangerous for people using insulin or medications that increase insulin production. If your appetite has changed, tell your healthcare team. Your medication may need adjustment. Habit three, combine carbohydrate with other nutrients. When appropriate, combine carbohydrates with protein, vegetables, fiber, or healthy fat. For example, eating an apple with a small portion of nuts may produce a steadier response than drinking apple juice alone. Habit four, move after meals when safe. A brief walk after eating may help lower post meal glucose for some people, but individuals using insulin or medicines that cause hypoglycemia should understand how activity affects their glucose. Habit five, protect your muscle. Older adults should not follow extreme diets that cause rapid weight loss and muscle wasting merely to lower glucose readings. Adequate protein and appropriate resistance activity help preserve strength, balance, mobility, and independence. Your diet must also account for kidney disease, heart disease, swallowing problems, medication, and other individual needs. When your target should be reviewed, your blood sugar target is not necessarily permanent. Ask for a review when you begin experiencing repeated low readings, you have a fall or fainting episode, your kidney or liver function changes, you lose a significant amount of weight, your appetite decreases, you develop memory problems, your caregiver changes, you move into assisted living, you begin steroid treatment, you are hospitalized, or your current plan becomes too complicated to manage safely. A target that was appropriate at 62 may not remain appropriate at 82. Sometimes simplifying treatment is safer than adding another medication. Final answer, what is the best blood sugar after 60? Here is the answer to remember. For an adult without diagnosed diabetes, a normal fasting laboratory glucose is 99 or lower. A fasting level is in the pre-diabetes range, and a fasting level of 126 or higher may indicate diabetes when appropriately confirmed. For many adults already living with diabetes, a common before-meal target is 80 to 130. A common 1-2 hour after meal target is below 180. For a healthy and independent older adult, a reasonable A1C may be below 7 to 7.5% and fasting glucose may be approximately 80 to 130. For someone with multiple chronic illnesses, frailty, or mild cognitive impairment, an A1C below approximately 8% may be appropriate. And fasting glucose may be approximately 90 to 150. For someone with very complex health, the priority may be preventing low blood sugar and symptomatic high blood sugar rather than achieving a strict A1C. A fasting range of approximately 100 to 180 may sometimes be used. These are general frameworks, not personal prescriptions. Your correct target depends on your type of diabetes, your medications, kidney and liver function, heart health, memory, mobility, nutrition, history of falls, history of hypoglycemia, and your personal goals. The best blood sugar after 60 is not the lowest number you can force your body to achieve. It is the safest sustainable range that protects your health without creating unnecessary danger. Share this video with someone who believes lower blood sugar is always better. For older adults, preventing dangerous lows can be just as important as reducing high readings. Subscribe for more practical senior health information explained clearly. And remember, a glucose number is information. It is not a grade, and it is not a reason to blame yourself. Use that information to make safer Thank you for watching, and take good care of your health.

- DEBATE: Which Diet is Better for Longevity? Simon Hill vs Dr. Kiltz | Plant Based vs Carnivore: Kind: captions Language: en thank you Simon and Robert for coming on my podcast I am very excited for the conversation we're going to have today fatty meat ribeye steak oh my God it's heaven when you realize you can eat it with joy and know that it's the healthiest thing for you but people want to hear that so that's why people are gravitating to you you're charismatic and you're telling people that their favorite foods that are rich in butter and pie in animal protein that they thought were unhealthy all of a sudden they're healthy Pro it people don't really want to eat salads I think that was Simon Hill and Dr Robert Kilt two passionate experts with polarizing views on nutrition what if there's a different story I have a problem with this idea of not trusting the science but then thinking people on social media are somehow going to do a better job at getting to the truth Simon Hill is a physiotherapist and nutrition scientist and host of the proof podcast with a bestselling book the proof is in the plant increasing fiber and whole grain intake across the board unanimous 135 million plus people of followup data shows a reduction in risk of coloral cancer why does that data exist yet you take a different position Dr Robert Kilz is a diplomat of the American Board of obstetrics and gyc is the founder of CNY fertility and a thought leader in the keto carnivore movement every scientific paper is a story science is very biased plants are basically carbohydrate it doesn't matter if you're a potato tomato a kale or spinach because they all break down to simple sugars in the so you're equating a black bean to a jelly bean but what I'm hearing from you is they both contain carbohydrates and at the end of the day those carbohydrates are toxic as I look more and more at poisoning from Plants I believe that they're probably the leading cause of most of our diseases so you think fiber is bad for you it's absolutely bad fiber is one of the leading causes of colon cancer and I that ail is is such a problem and then you're come down saying Jerry isad okay so what do you believe is the best form of evidence narrow down if you guys agree on any level I don't know that we're going to disagree I'm not saying that yet brings me back to my earlier Point disagree I would push back and say show me the health outcome data I'm going to disagree sugars entering the bloodstream fast is better than slow I'd push back and say let's look at the average person's diet I'm going to disagree with but I'm just giving you the story that story a push back little bit on that if I may Robert and Simon have very different perspectives on thearchy of evidence will they be able to see eye to eye on anything welcome to the elen Fisher podcast thank you Simon and Robert for coming on my podcast I am very excited for the conversation we're going to have today so the first one I wanted to ask just to set the framework here is if you could both share your dietary thesis and philosophy on what the optimal diet is for human health to prevent disease as best we can and promote longevity why don't you go first well as a physician and a human being like all of us um I'm not sure I know the proper diet for all of us but as um physici where I learned basically mostly a Mediterranean plant-based diet with lowfat was the diet that was best for us and yet I suffered for years with um dyslexia depression anxiety migraine and as a child um I had severe migrain severe stomach and bow problems and over the years um I tried every diet imaginable mostly plant-based uh never went mostly meat-based for never read that or thought that would be the optimal and um after I found paleo mostly a ancestral diet with fatty meat um and some plant-based in that um I got better but it was when I found carnivore when I nearly eliminated all plants to my diet that I found that carnivore fatty meat was the most optimal for myself um I wasn't really teaching it to my clients patients or or anyone and I wasn't podcasting but um over the years I found that many of my patients and just people I meet that have gone carnivore have eliminated or significantly reduced the diseases they've been suffering from and we're all suffering and that's one of the biggest problems um cancer uh stroke uh diabetes my sister died of diabetes a good friends have died of cancer so I believe that a a meat Centric diet and fatty meat is probably the best for all of us uh but for each their own to find their way to figure this out whether or not it prevents disease or it enables us to live longer we have not proven that but I I do feel that it significantly reduces the diseases we're suffering from cool so my kind of onramp to the this goes back to when I was a kid and I was 15 I'll cut a long story very short but it was a seed that was planted that kind of set me on this journey of Science and just being curious I think you mentioned off air being curious you know it's kind of my life Mantra uh my dad is a professor physiologist and is you know publishing on cardiovascular disease risk factors and so I grew up in a household where there was scientific studies you know lited around the house and scribbled on and highlighted and I never knew what any of these things meant but I what I did understand was that science was a really cool tool important tool for Humanity to better understand the the world and kind of test our intuition or test our hypothesis so I had this exposure to science from a very early age and when I was 15 my dad and I used to drive out and visit wineries this is in the outskirts of Melbourne in a place called Yara Valley and we're driving along in a my dad had an old MGB those British converti yeah and he started to get developed chest pain and I could tell he was uncomfortable he said to me I'm getting this pain in my chest and shoulder I think it's okay we went home proceeded to have dinner the pain got worse and worse and eventually in the middle of the night I woke up to noise in the kitchen and my dad was having a major heart attack and so called triple Z which is 911 in America and they we were in a remote location in the country and they sent a helicopter and uh you know modern medicine thankfully saved his life and in the aftermath of that the next day there was like a family meeting with the cardiologist and the cardiologist sort of sat my brother down and myself and said look cardiovascular disease runs in families and so you guys you're young adults you'll need to be screened and and be careful of this as you're aging and the conversation sort of ended there that's somewhat of a a kind of a limiting belief to then carry as a kid because it felt like to me that my health fate was going to be determined by my jeans and my dad on the outside he actually looked like a a sort of middle-aged healthy Australian man he exercised he he ate uh fairly well not perfectly he was overworked like most young dads um and carried a bit of stress but he wasn't on a whole slew of medications and didn't see any of this coming so I had no reason to kind of believe that my health trajectory would be any different until a number of years later when I studed I went to University I did an undergraduate science and I did did a masters in nutrition science and it became increasingly clear to to me that while the our genetics predispose us certainly to certain diseases the lifestyle choices that we're making particularly nutrition uh affects how our genes are expressed and our risk of chronic diseases and I think that the the main thing that Dr Kilz and I will share is our passion for helping improve cardom metabolic Health metabolic Health at a population level we may butt heads at how we do that but I think we agree that the current state of health is not ideal uh and over the years that I was you know getting more and more familiar with the the research and and you know your anecdote is really is a really important anecdote but I think something that I would put out at the beginning of this conversation for us to explore is that there are anecdotes everywhere and so I got exposed to very similar anecdotes from people like cordwell esselen doing hardcore vegan diets and then there's anecdotes from people doing macrobiotic diets low fat high fat and so with all of these anecdotes that are out there how do you how do you sort of come to some type of Truth or move closer to a truth as to what is an optimal diet and that's why I believe the anecdotes are interesting and they're very hypothesis generating but you need to come back to actual the science and data and look for Trends and patterns and converging lines of evidence across different types of studies to get a proper feel for what optimal is and that's another term that we'll need to Define in this because it might be that our definition of optimal is different yeah I'm my definition of optimal in the way you know I think of of of my communication of Science and helping people as kind of there's an art form to it it's how are you optimizing for that person to be healthy and vital today to do the things that they want to do at whatever age they're at and also age well and reduce their risk of pre-diabetes type 2 diabetes heart disease these things and that that can be a little bit of a a juggling act um in sure my view from a dietary perspective is that there is no single optimal diet for longevity so I think we we maybe are aligned on that but I do think there is a theme and I think that when you do look at the different types of evidence observational studies clinical trials that theme becomes obvious and you consistently see good outcomes for cardiometabolic disease and that are that is diets that uh are high in fiber they are low in refined carbohydrates contain a good amount of unrefined carbohydrates they're not low fat you know Dr kills mentioned he was adopting a lowfat diet I think some of the messaging around lowfat diets over the years it it has confused people and our understanding of fat has evolved and I'm not sure if Anil keys will come up in this conversation but you know some of the 1980s messaging around low fat I think confus people the the quality of the fat matters a lot and we can dig into that but diets that are high fiber low and refined carbohydrates have a good amount of unsaturated fats so low and saturated fat and low and Ultra processed foods and that could be omnivorous it could be pescatarian there's a number of ways to cut it those diets are associated with better long-term Health outcomes and what do you think about that all that he's had to say there well I'm a scientist a mathematician I went into medicine because I believe in science and I was very scientific dogmatic forever and uh recently American College of Oban came out with a consensus of a healthy diet for women lactating and breastfeeding it was mostly plant-based um it included um healthy fats which I don't know what that is because we label things as good or bad healthy or not but those are opinions in so many ways um I believe bad is from an animal and oils are from plants and the term healthy or not we're still that's where the debate is all about and that's the beauty of all this um but ultimately um the the cause of disease in science and medicine seems to be multifactorial idiopathic uncertain but we can agree that sugars are probably part of the problem refined sugar is more so than others I do believe that plants are basically carbohydrates all plants it doesn't matter if you're a potato tomato a kale or spinach because they all break down to simple sugars in the gut and the the my sister died of diabetes um she had it since age four um the question is why did she get it and that's the mystery as I look more and more at the the plants and poisoning from Plants I believe that they're probably the leading cause of most of our diseases because they contain a tremendous amount of plant sugars plant antigens lectins oxalates F what kind of plants are you talking about though I'm talking about all plants just all plants because plants are live organisms and they don't want to be eaten killed and animals obviously are live organisms they don't either so no organism we don't wants to be killed and eaten but obviously we all must eat something in order to be alive and and so did we evolve eating mostly meat and and then we ate some plants um and and you know I don't I don't I was never there none of us were there but certainly the scientific um um review of what we likely ate for many many years was probably raw meat for a long time that's likely how we evolved and and then we began to eat some plants and we probably ate some plants way back when when we began as a human being but I think that the plants if you look at them heroin cocaine marijuana nicotine caffeine all come from plants PLS um I don't know what toxic chemical comes from fatty meat and we've vilified fat and fat has been talked about as the cause of most disease saturated versus unsaturated a healthy oils versus unhealthy oils which can be very confusing for most people in in who are trying to learn about health and wellness and uh for most of us like myself I just want a simple story because the science is very confusing and I've written plenty of papers in in my day in Reproductive Medicine I I read a lot of them but they can be very confusing and many of us are constantly arguing over which is the right side right but I I don't you think as science communicate is rather than choosing a story that feels nice it's our job to say this is confusing let's double click on it and explore the nuance and then work out how to communicate that to the public that's certainly how I approach it so like with your stance on fat I I think it is nuanced I think the messaging around low fat is not a great message because there are different types of fats but then I would challenge you and say that when we look at outcome data which is what I care most about not mechan mechanisms we can't explore mechanisms but on outcome data whether saturated fat is good or bad depends on what someone is eating instead of so when you look at replacement look at saturated fat when people replace calories from saturated fat for refined carbohydrates which often happens in the western diet and certainly happened from 1980 because the messaging wasn't good enough the messaging should have been if you're going to cut your saturated fat what are you going to eat instead can I ask a question sure I'm sorry sorry what is saturated fat saturated fat is a type of fat in our body that doesn't have these double bonds like unsaturated fats but when you choose a food to eat which one is it it's like meristic acid and steric acid so it's fats there is not one type of saturated fat saturated fat is an umbrella T right right right it even includes short chain fatty acids that our gut makes I think what I'm asking is so for you to go to the market and buy food sure and we're communicating to a world that needs to understand Simplicity oh we can bring it back to food I was no that that this is one of the things I think we need to look at much more is because people are confused over cholesterol and triglyceride sides and and saturated unsaturated and what I like to do is look at when you go to the market you don't need a label you know what it is it's so fat but we're going to disagree on the foods so that's why it's important to first start with the nutrient and understand I don't know saying that yet we might agree on more than you know okay and what I'm saying is is that I've been using symbiotica supplements and incorporating them into my daily routine for the last 6 months and it feels so good to nourish my body with high quality supplement formulas that work I started taking symbiotica because honestly everyone is coming to the table with something they need to supplement coming from different Health backgrounds and our soil depleted ecosystem symbiotica fills those gaps since taking their products I've noticed improved energy and focus and my skin is glowing and symbiotica supplements are formulated with the highest quality ingredients out there their formulas don't have any seed oils preservatives toxins artificial additives or even natural flavors the liposomal glutathion particular promotes gut health enhanced energy metabolism and contains powerful antioxidant properties that combat premature aging most supplements often taste sulfuric or chalky but not these supplements these formulas taste delicious simply squeeze contents of the pouch into your mouth or stir into your favorite beverage I'm also absolutely in love with taking their mineral Sheila in the morning which contains 84 plus minerals that promote healthy DNA and bodily functions and improves brain function feel more energized alert and balanced with high quality supplements that work head over to to symbiotica docomo because you're in the nutritional field I'm in the medical field uh we often write papers and we have conversations because it has something to do with with uh the need to publish The Prestige for all of us or the money that is taken in order to write the papers or keep us wherever going I'm not this is no accusation to you or anyone just sort of a global look at it uh what I've learned in medicine is that so much of what we get as science often has some propaganda in that that it's hard for our communities to create some Simplicity of what do I eat I 100% agree that at the end of the day when the diet guidelines come out and are communicated at a population level they need to be very simple right but I think what we're discussing today is how do you arrive firstly how do you arrive at what that plate looks like and in order to do that you need people that are educated in science to click on these areas of confusion that that exist because I'm sure your position or at least what I understand is that saturated fat is not a problem right animal fat I believe is not the cause of disease at all okay so rather than calling it saturated fats because it's the science of the bonds and then you look at these long charts that try to tell you well well which which is the good one which is the bad one and it's and it's very confusing for most humans to find what's the best way because I see so many people suffering from infertility in the foundation of life fertility is it but more and more men and women are suffering from being infertile miscarriages losses um uh birth defects and many things which I believe is secondary mostly to the food we eat which contains a tremendous amount of sugars a tremendous amount of chemicals that people even aren't aware of goitrogenic foods are you familiar with goitrogenic Foods where they come from certain plant Foods many plant Foods most of the plant Foods we actually eat kale asparagus uh uh Wheats uh soy go down the list all 99% of the plant but anything can be toxic the dose is what matters Ox oxygen is toxic to us can be toxic to us of course but we you agree that we need air like we need to breathe air it sustains us it's beneficial so it's narrowing down a plant saying that okay that plant contains this single compound therefore when eaten at as a whole it's detrimental to your health I would push back and say show me the health outcome data and earlier your point about all these plants and the defense chemicals and you believe that this is the explanation for poor cardom metabolic health and obesity and these things I'd put push back and say let's look at the average person's diet how much fruit and vegetables and legumes are they actually eating 70% of the calories are coming from ultr processed foods it's hard to blame foods like kale and broccoli and asparagus and leuce when people are not eating them I agree with you that it's hard to blame but they are the leading cause of disease and how would you substantiate that based on what evidence Okay so so getting things published is not very easy if it doesn't meet the standard appropriate acceptance of what is science because when you're talking about something opposite carnivore is a very opposite idea it's not very accepted in the medical field I've already been reported reported to the medical uh Licensing Board of New York State and my my Hospital came to me and said Dr guilts you cannot talk about this and I'm saying well okay guy was um a diabetic without legs who was telling me this a a physician a scientist because we are very blind and biased against other opposite ideas so but that doesn't prove your point I'm not trying to prove my point I'm just having a discussion because that affects everyone we could have a vegan doctor here saying the same thing I love vegan doctor look at look I'm not whatever you choose to eat but if we want to stand and get bound down to the science first thing we need to do is let go over our biases because our biases are big I'm here because I want to learn more from you I believe you have a lot lot to share but I think that the nutritional Sciences are highly biased because of where it all started the 7th Day Adventists John Kellogg and there others many others are teaching mostly a plant-based diet plus we're in a world of plant-based our religious and cultural biases I'm Italian in my upbringing oh boy I love I love the the fruits and the vegetables all these I grw up in Silver Lake in La we had fruit trees everywhere my daughter would die to a banana in avocado more people are allergic to plants than they are to animals we deify animals which I think we just need to be open like you can eat both but when you have an illness or there may be a risk of you getting an an inflammat disorder like cancer like heart disease like Strokes we want to learn more and be able to talk about this in a way that yes there are some people that are more allergic to some plants over others which are those that are less allergenic which what can you add to that diet that may be able to reduce inflammation even more and I think adding more fat animal fat is really the best one okay so I want to ask you has a question to narrow down like the direction of this conversation this is super interesting I love it but I think this will help us get to a very specific topic right now what do you believe is the best form of evidence let's talk about the erarchy of evidence so we can narrow down if you guys agree on any level what's the best way to look at the evidence and figure out which one has more weight than others on optimal nutrition my grandmother we used to eat a lot more fat in our diets and we don't today a Mediterranean diet is basically a low animal fat diet and our standard diets reading today yes there're are processed foods but one of my best friends died of cancer and he ate a very healthy diet he was a healthy uh a strong doctor uh very very exercised a lot great great positivity in life but when he died uh Dave died of cancer I was like okay why did that guy die and so the evidences in our conversation and things we share this is where evidence comes from it's not a scientific paper that someone gets published to prove things the the government and science and medicine they're certainly looking for answers but I hope that each of us can be a little questioning whether or not that's exact but I would say our stories are one of the most important things we can do because when you look at when you look at the the Bible it's stories when you look at so much that people are reading about people people want to look at stories and I've learned from people like yourselves that are blogging and sharing stories online more than anything I just came from uh from Montello Wisconsin for a Meetup meat up with healing humanity and I I visited with hundreds of people there that had simply lost all of their diseases all of their their suffering of drugs and medications by going Cor War which would not have made sense to me 20 years ago but it does today and what I've learned is that the medical community was completely biased against it because the money comes to the medical communities the American heart disease the American uh uh diabetic Association gets money so that it can support their foundations and then they sell a label that says heart healthy on cereals which is made up of primarily sugar it breaks down to sugar in your gut it may look nice in a plate but basically in your gut it digests down to only three things amino acids simple sugars and fatty acids and the majority of plants that we're eating have have sugar Nature's sugar nature makes sugar and so what's the best evidence actually these conversations people are going to listen to this and then they're going to make their minds of whether they want to be on the plant side or the animal side but none of us know the answer yeah go ahead I have a very different view yeah uh I think it's it's kind of false equivalence to say hey there's an anecdote here and there's an anecdote here therefore we don't know I think anecdotes are for the most part explainable and often the stories that we're subject to are affected by enormous bias and so the people that I get coming to my community that there is a huge selection bias people at conferences massive selection bias how do you know for every person that adopts the carnival diet that gets this great result how do you know how many people had equal and opposite result had no result well you don't until you capture that within a study so it can be very easy to fall into this trap of hearing good story after good story and assuming that that is the typical that is the average that is the expected you need the scientific method to actually be able to investigate that I grant that at the anecdote story level it's it's interesting I don't think people should be shutting down conversation I think people should be saying hey that's interesting isn't it but let's remember that's an anecdote and there are anecdotes all over the place we can get find someone who says just drinking green juice cured their cancer where does that leave us in terms of creating recommendations for people we have to come back to some type of method to test our hypothesis and most often more often than not our hypotheses are wrong we prove them as false and so we use a scientific method to reduce our bias and we look at different types of studies we look at mechanistic studies and Robert spoken into some some mechanisms already in this podcast and I think mechanisms are interesting that's often pre-clinical lab-based research looking at uh very isolated Pathways it's very reductionist but it can be hypothesis generating and then you go a step further and you look at observational large populations where you're trying to con control for confounding variables and getting as best a look as possible at how different diet variables are affecting someone's health and then you go to a clinical trial level and there's going to be varing lengths of those some of the shorter ones you're just looking at how dietary changes affect certain established risk factors like blood pressure or inflammation or APO then you might have longer randomized control trials that are going for long enough to see hard Health outcomes what's the the incidence of cancer during that trial or having a heart attack and so the way that I'm trained again going back to when I was a child all the way through my scientific training to to today is to look for converging lines of evidence mechanisms are pointing in a certain way observational evidence and then supported and corroborated by by clinical trials and that that to me is more objective and less subject to bias than listening to a story as compelling as storytelling is storytelling is compelling and I actually would push back and say I think storytelling is why people are so confused because it is so engaging and they're getting exposed to so many stories on all these different from all these different diet tribes and what's what's the commonality among many of these diet tribes like why do why do a lot of people adopting a carnivore or even a vegan or some other variation of a diet achieve results at least in the short term They removed 70% of the calories that are Ultra processed and often are losing weight and I believe based on the research that one of if not the most significant drivers of poor metabolic health is having excessive adiposity fat levels particularly when that fat gets inside the liver and the pancreas ectopic fat and so when you remove someone and take them off of a western diet that's full of low protein low fiber uh low water energy dense uh hyper palatable foods that are easy to over consume and create an energy Surplus and lead to weight gain when you take them off of that diet into any number of diets you can help restore metabolic Health the question then Becomes of those different variations which variation is going to also help them reduce risk longterm the best granted that ju because they've lost weight significant weight with any of those types of diets they've already reduced their risk of a lot of diseases so I'm not here to argue that there's one way to kind of restore metabolic Health in the short term and I think if you look at low fat versus low carb diets and weight loss it's very clear that there's no unanimous winner um I think low carb in the first six months tends to perform a little better but by 1 to two years there's there's no significant difference in terms of uh overall weight loss so what dietary patent is best for restoring metabolic Health um what I'm interested in is what does the dietary patent look like for not 2 years or 3 years and not these individual stories we see but 10 20 30 years down the track our dietary advice is not working in science I agree the dietary advice is not working and I will tell you that science is not working can I ask you a question about the dietry advice oh please so is it the actual recommendations or is it the fact that people cannot adhere to them that is the problem well the food we sell is highly addictive and not good for people we know that we know that the the majority of the processed food uh which is mostly sugar Laden um is the biggest culprit because sugar is the is the major cause of a lot of our addictions and and the disease when you say sugar what what do you mean well plants are made from a combination of carbon dioxide sunlight and water it's a longchain carbon particle that comes together um and and sugars all plants basically are broken down to simple sugar unless they're fiber which are poorly digested in the human body except the microbes like them in the human body microbes bacterian yeast ferment plants fiber in our gut which makes heat alcohol alides and gas or children are walking around with alcohol in their bodies and so are you likely because fermentation in our gut is causing alcohol to be made and it mostly happens in the colon so you think fiber is bad for you it's absolutely bad uh fiber is a one of the leading causes of colon cancer and I will bet a billion dollars on this so why Andrew Reynolds 2019 performs the largest systematic review of randomized control trials observational studies and increasing fiber and whole grain intake across the board unanimous this is 135 million plus people of follow-up data shows a reduction in risk of coloral cancer the more fiber people eat the more whole grains the lower their risk of chal cancer type 2 diabetes heart disease why does that data exist yet you take a different position cancer on the rise in younger people it's on the rise sure but they could be many explanations for that other than than than sugar listen everything's multifactorial but the the one thing I've learned more than anything that by eliminating fiber and plants I've seen so many people suddenly stop having bow beding stop having bladder bleeding stop start feeling better okay and and this is across the board many people in the carnivore space are are seeing this okay so now if it's published that means it's right well publishing is supported by some money and so and in all of us in what we do but the Pharmaceuticals the food industry many Industries I mean this are this is the way we've been living for so long but let's just keep the science when you say it's the way we've been living for so long what do you mean by that well we've been eing a plant-based and a process-based diet for a long time and we've been getting sicker and sicker and sicker more people are infertile today you don't think the quality of those plants matters that's making up the calories and some when you use the word quality okay so when you eat something food a plant it is broken down between your teeth and the enzymes and the digestive enzymes in the gut will basically make them into a process simple sugars amino acids and that's not how it works the the the digestion of food is fundamentally affected by the food Matrix and the quality of the plant so when youe when you ingest sugars with fiber what happens to the rate at which those sugars enter the bloodstream okay so so sugars entering the bloodstream fast is better than slow a high glycemic index is better than a low glycemic index yet all of the research looking at I'm giving you an idea just just before you automatically say that doesn't work and that's the way I live just like you for so long until I questioned it all and because I step back and ask the question well why did my friend die why did my sister die why do my patients who are infertile are they infertile and why is it when they go paleo keto or carnivore they suddenly heal and get pregnant so but I asked the question for first what's the energy for your mitochondria is it sugar or is it fat it's fat it's only fat okay so what's the function of the liver primary function of the liver is what produces glucose metabolizes nutrients okay so let me ask you this you mean it produces glucose first so when you eat food your glucose levels go up and we don't get fat the primary job of the liver is to make fat actually that's why fatty liver is the most common thing the primary job of insulin is to make fat in the liver have you ever heard of hepatogenous diabetes nobody has how much do you know about the glyx and the glycobiome a little bit I know that there's very little research on it and the research papers that exist say that it's very poorly huge huge out there uh Carolyn barosi just won a Nobel Prize on it because it's it's the major work that they do to make Cancer drugs and all the drugs Now read the science of glycobiology it's most amazing thing but that's getting us this is getting us deep into mechanisms and I can bring up mechanisms me and say when you when you don't have fiber what happens to the microbiome it starts eating the mucus layer and you get increased intestinal permeability and we could just be arguing about mechanisms what if there's a different story I'm just sharing a different story I honor your work but I'm just a just a doctor from La kicked out of school and again couldn't read and I became a doctor through God's miracle and I created a business so the fourth largest IVF Center in America I take care of people around the globe that are suffering and what do I talk about more than anything nutrition because my job as a doctor went into medicine to help people heal not to make money I make a lot of money what I try to do with that is still make the most affordable ivfs in America I'm the most affordable I finance everyone but my job is if I could write books if I could blog if I could do something to help you change I'm not trying to tell everyone to be a carnivore I just am working to help people learn something that's opposite because we're not winning in this world more and more people are homeless are sick the number one reason for bankruptcy do you know what it is is health care costs healthare costs go up but this is all stuff we agree on we're agreeing that the state of metabolic Health cardom metabolic health is less than optimal and there is a better way of doing things we we agree on that 100% it's how we get there I'm a surgeon I'm a scientist I want to know the mechanisms everything I never heard of hepatogenous diabetes hepatogenous diabetes is that the majority of liver failure patients actually become diabetic they have high insulin and high glucose well that's type two diabetes are they fat or skinny probably skinny they're very skinny how come the problem the problem with this that I have with mechanisms is we can go all day back and forth I can cite studies randomized control trials where they literally feed one group saturated fats from animal fats and the other group polyunsaturated fats and you induce fatty liver increase fat itic fat in the group getting saturated fats outcome data to me is more important because it's the summation of all of the different mechanisms because we can study independent mechanisms we probably have no idea about many things that are happening when food interacts with our physiology so what's the summation it is the actual Health outcome the risk of developing a disease or some sort of change to an established biomarker so I think your question about what is science to to the two of us is very different what do you know about the cause of gastr guler enlighten me well we thought it was stomach acids that were just running rapid and then and it was a big sales of H2 blockers and Tums and all sorts of other things and one guy said you know what it's a bug it's a bacteria and no one believed the guy one day he took a glass of contaminated fluids with a pylori and drank it and gets gastric ulcers what's a treatment for bacteria antibiotics the guy took the antibotic clear as hpylori gastri so so science is very biased we need to stop arguing and let me tell you mechanisms are critical I want to know the why I want to know the cellular physiology I want to understand the glyco glycobiome so your your blood type is determined by a protein or sugar protein sugar the glycocalix determines everything you're allergic to sugars not to proteins proteins are good but the post transational modification of protein is far more important the number one is glycosilation so glyc glycosilation is the addition of a sugar onto a protein to give it its proper shape charge and function and the glycobiome imagine all the plants that are out there in this world would we be alive without them we there'd be nothing no life so it turns out that there's a sugar layer or a plant layer all over every single cell of our body but that's the barcode that's the that's the satellite that's the transmitter that helps us under understand everything that every cell of your body wants to know are you friend or Foe are you or bad wait a minute is that the right sperm the right egg for me to implant in all right or fertilize so I I want to know the science first I'm a scientist but I also want so I take that and I say okay well this plant is good for this and this plant is good for this and this plant is good for this but then I step back and wait a minute we have evolved trying to understand the medicinal properties of plants forever because that was our world I mean going out and killing a cow is rough work lions die killing cows killing bulls and and many animals it's easier to eat plants but I believe it turns out that the plants are the leading cause of disease because plants make substance that kill us now why does why does the why does the science matter the how things the mechanisms matter because a plate full of plants all breaks down to sugar and and the sugar feeds the microbes in your gut and I'm sorry that damages the glyx of your gut the glycobiome so you're equating a black bean to a jelly bean these are the same okay so we know what a black bean is and a jelly bean is a man-made candy toxic okay so so every cell of your body has a glycobiome every cell of your body contains sugar and all species have their different sugar layer that that we are we are less allergic or more allergic to really most of our diseases are simply allergies metabolic dysfunction is damaged to certain cells and certain organs of our body and that's the problem if the mitochondria is damaged or the liposomes or the ribosomes you know ribosomal uh uh uh proteins or particles that damage it so so ultimately if we really understand the science the physiology but the anatomy is so critical so our our we breathe in air right that's critical and then the oxygen is delivered and the CO2 is released right okay so now the blood is Flowing to every organ of our body the bowels I mean really without you have to eat food in order to to to survive but what happens to the food in our gut it's like becomes mysterious but it's actually magical the the gut takes takes this beautiful amazing food that nature has made for us so we can Thrive and survive and reproduce and build our families and do the things we love to do communicate it's all communication and the one thing I've learned in life is that if I can listen to something I don't believe I might find something magical oh I'm listening I'm listening and I think you're a great story can I ask you a question please uh why are you so sure of your anecdotes versus someone else's anecdotes that are equal and opposite I'm just sharing a story in life I could be completely wrong but don't you feel though that it's important for us to yes we can talk about all sorts of stories and ideas but ultimately if we're recommending something to Public Health we need more than an anecdote or a story which is subject to a large amount of bias because we as I said there are there are anecdotes everywhere so if we were to say anecdotes are the best form of evidence then which anecdote do we choose to inform Public Health that to me that part of the story the story sounds great especially when there's words like mitochondria and liposome and glycobiome and people like this because it sounds fancy but if I was to push back and say how would I explain poor metabolic Health to the average person I wouldn't need to go into all of that detail and people can choose which explanation they think uh which explanation they they think is more likely to be accurate resonates with them and so my my my explanation of poor metabolic health because I think that's where we're getting at Dr kilt's explanation is that it's plants at the at the core root of poor metabolic health and uh I think it's hard to blame plants that are basically not uh non-existent in the average person's diet firstly um and so when I look at the current diet right now and say well what are the problems with this the big the big ticket item is that 70% of foods that are hyper palatable they're easy to over consume because they're low in protein they're low in water they're low in fiber and when you're constantly consuming these Foods it's very difficult to Reg the total amount of calories you're bringing in relative to the amount of calories your body actually needs so it's very easy to eat in a calorie Surplus and over time your body is has to do something with that excess energy and it begins to store it can store it in subcutaneous fat which is under the skin and that's relatively benign not completely or it can start to go centrally into our organs into the liver and pancreas like I mentioned and that's what I believe is at the core of poor metabolic health is this spillover of excessive fat which is driven largely but not entirely by a very hyper palatable diet and so to me the the answer to correcting metabolic Health let's say in this country is not about removing plants or demonizing plants it's about coming back to diet quality and saying looking at the research and seeing actually when people are eating more whole grains and legumes and fiber we see Better Health outcomes not worse you know regardless of glycobiome mitochondria liposome these these fancy words where we can get lost in a story what does the body of evidence show us and I think it's very clear the body of evidence shows us that we want unrefined plant Foods in our diet and we want to maximize those and that tends to help correct cardiometabolic disease um I have a question for you do you think Ultra processed foods can that are originally from plants do you think they're just as bad for your health as whole plant Foods what is an ultra processed food well I guess the simple definition is it's something that you probably can't make in your kitchen did you process did you go to the market to buy your food did you or did you grow it yourself and and is it possible that something you're growing might eventually cause breast cancer or colon cancer or might contain something that you're allergic to but you don't know it right away because the allergies are slow and Silent rather than rapid like anaphylaxis um so I think that that overc consumption of food is one of our biggest problems and yes a lot of ultra processed but I grew up with Gardens and and beautiful pasta and all these sorts of things that I was getting sick to but I didn't know it so we we and and one of the problems I must say is that that if you're looking for the scientific data you know versus okay are there higher drug costs today and higher costs in medicine are we sicker than ever before I mean mental disorders are on the rise one of my good friends George Eid wrote a book on changing your diet and change your mind in help helping us so maybe there are some simple things that we can share through stories because your story that you mentioned about your father mother uh with heart disease was very compelling because it's the stories that and this is what this is all about the story I scientist and I love the data but I will tell you the problem with the data and the government and trying to trying to tell us all what we should eat is that it's wrong and it's compelled by the my plate or the food pyramid and yes anel Keys had something to do with that but he also neglected to put all the data in His science what do you mean by that let's double click on that CU I've free search answer okay in depth okay so so um the the the study was reported with less some of the some of the countries were not included that's not true okay I'm giving you but I want to clarify clear but I'm just giving you the story that story then we'll hear your thoughts because listen so anel keys and many and it was against fat it's fat has caused Disease by the way obesity causes no disease the fat on your body is is not the cause of any disease visceral fat or intramuscular fat or inorgan fat is not the cause of disease the cause of disease is the high plant high protein diet have you ever heard of protein poisoning you know much about protein poison I had numerous episodes on my podcast on protein well I missed those well I'll go back to that and by the way your podcast is really excellent by the way I really enjoyed it um it's great stories because these are all St stories every scientific paper is a story and we're claiming that this story has more data that's stronger than others but it's all opinionated it's all our biases we all bring our biases to everything we do because we're human beings we have our religions our politics our our our likes and dislikes that's the beauty of it all cause of disease look at why one person gets an infectious disease and another doesn't one person gets some other disability we we can't answer that one my grandmother lived 104 she smoked Paul malls and Drake Manhattans she's amazing woman my parents lived to 94 I don't know how the hell they did that right but you see I'm not denying that you stories like this but what is do you you know what a bell curve is Right may may I finish my story finish your story yeah and and and look it the science can be like oh this is what it is and we're scientists so we're so biased but there's so many mothers and fathers and and they're all just trying to like hey what do I do well I went carnivore and I would tell you it's a crazy diet don't do it like to eat meat and eggs and butter and cream that's a heart attack what how much weight must a bear gain in order to gestate hibernate migrate thousands of pounds why are we hyperphagic because we have access to the food that's hyperphagic because we're used to famines we're used to it that's our that's where we came from right so but we're forgetting that so this people are you have something wrong with your with with your gin or leptin and you have pathologic something wrong that's why you're obese it's not it's because instinctually you better be it's a survival mechanism dve to eat food which works for you in a in a place where there's not F no but but food was always scarce that's what I'm saying it that that that mechanism works for you right now we're now we're in a world now we're in a world of of food that's always there your brain has no idea that it's the year 2024 or it's the year uh minus 500 from today it really is so instinctually deriven only a few things food and reproduction survival because that's what we're all here to do this is about survival this is about looking me won't you mate with me we agree all story we agree on and and and I say there's only a few things in life but being a doctor and data statistician and a scientist is the same thing we're fighting to be right do you not think it's confusing when people are subject to all of these different conflicting anecdotes on I'm confused by doctor scientific papers and I got thousands in my office that I've been reading and looking at and I'm like I'm confused I'm just trying to help someone get pregnant have a baby or be healthy and if I've got to spew down what's your LDL HDL I have no idea and I don't even care because I think it's it's it's it's garbage because Elizabeth Holmes is in jail right now over trying to get billions of dollars in order to make money to help people get all their blood testing okay or Bitcoin this or this craziness what is the most important thing to you your children yeah that's it my child who's just pregnant and getting married and like all I care about is that you don't have children yet I don't have children now you will or there's the drive for that but even if you don't to have children your same instinct is doing the same thing we want Power because we want survival and survival is power Black Friday and Cyber Monday is here and oia has something incredible for you if you spend $125 plus dollars you'll get a free best ofbody travel set which includes the undaria algae body wash the undaria cleansing body polish hyaluronic body serum and the undaria algae body oil a $62 value for free if you don't know what OA is they are a clean vegan cruelty-free seaweed based Skin and Body Care brands that I've been using for years now so let me just help you pick out some favorites to reach the spending threshold to get oia's incredible Black Friday Cyber Monday gift set right now they have another special promotion for $132 get the undaria body collection a four-piece full-size collection of their best-selling undaria seaweed power body Heroes for healthy glowing skin all over it comes with the undaria cleansing body polish which is supercharged with mineralizing undaria seaweed next the undaria algae body wash which is made with undaria seaweed and has the iconic undaria scent is non-stripping helps support the Skin's moisture barrier is ph balanced and promotes soft smooth and revitalized skin for all bodies next the undaria collagen body lotion is high performance skincare for your body it has key ingredients like undaria seaweed hyaluronic acid peptides and turmeric and is lightweight instant absorbing and replenishes the Skin's moisture barrier and lastly the undaria algae body oil which is clinically proven to instantly improve skin elasticity and deliver deep moisturization getting this collection puts you over the spending threshold to get those incredible Black Friday gifts this season and on top of this amazing deal enter the code Ellen F10 to get 10% off your order that stacks on top of these promotions that's e n F10 for 10% off this incredible promotion okay I want you to be able to Simon and then I have I I do want to get back to anel Keys eventually but I have another question before we get there go ahead and reply and then I have a question on anel ke I'll just quickly address that the this the graph that gets put up where there was Six studies that people often s and say uh you know this wasn't representative of the total literature that's actually from a seminar where anel Keys discussed the relationship between fat and heart disease three or four years before the seven country study had even started and then the other graph where there's 22 data points which um you know there was an academic debate at the time around is it fat is it sugar and the the academics who thought it was sugar sort of put this graph together with 22 countries showing the relationship between saturated fat and heart disease not saturated fat I should say it was total fat at that time and what people Overlook is that even in that graph when you look at 22 countries the relationship still exists there are a couple of outliers like France and we could discuss why that may be um but generally when you look at it as total fat intake went up in the diet so did incidents of coronary heart disease and so even if you look at that graph and there's an outlier I would question why someone would would believe the outly to be true against all of these other data points that we have um and on the the stories and the someone being 100 and smoking and drinking alcohol um they sorts of stories exist all over the place and I think people need to understand that there is a a bell curve so what we see in scientific research is a an average or a typical kind of outcome none of us are average we're going to fall somewhere on a on a bell curve there's no such thing and some of these points will be outes so when you hear a story is it is that the typical is that the normal response that someone would get to the intervention that that story entailed or are they an outlier outliers are possible they are not probable so my my job in communicating to people is looking at body of evidence and explaining to them what are the typical results that you would get with some type of dietary intervention so why don't you share your thoughts on anel Keys research and maybe you guys can explain a little bit for those who don't know anything about anel Keys why there's such a um clashing with communities carnivore communities seems to think that his um research was flawed at best and maybe intentionally corrupted at worst is that correct while as plant-based communities feel like his research is Meaningful so why don't you guys just Simon is a much better expert at at that research than I am and um I I think like anything else we're we all there's a lot of research and many people have different opinions on it um the cause of disease being fat makes no sense because we evolved eating fat but what is evolution cared about what does evolution care about reproduction correct so but how long does it take to get a coronary heart disease uh longer usually not sudden in general unless it's some inflammatory cause so but looking back at what we ate ancestrally all that tells us is that whatever Foods those humans were eating helped them get to an age to survive and procreate and pass on their genes it doesn't speak to that diet those food choices being good for longevity and avoiding carer hot disase well I don't know what will help my longevity because I have no idea how long I'm going to live or what's going to kill me U my good friend Jim snik died at 25 of glut blastoma and I equate goitrogenic foods which we know damage the thyroid gland and most everyone has thyroid problems it's one of the most common things I take care of in clinical practice and I believe that that living longer I mean we're we're talking about longevity at our young ages probably in your your 30s almost 70 and and we all want to live a long time or do we want to live a good time and there's lots of different beliefs in that but I would say that that um the the story is far more powerful and science is powerful but you take the data and you write a story about it because I have no idea about anel Key's real research data because I've never seen it it just reading the stories that we're all talking about but this is the beauty of it but I will tell you fat and raw fat is probably the most important thing that we should consume but we're not and so as a vegan if you add coconut oil which again it's a choice to be whatever diet you want to live but by eating more fat and eating less frequently and cooking the carbohydrates the plants to simplify them and kill the microbes you will likely live a very healthy life would you agree with his statement about Evolution and its purpose to get you to the state to reproduce and not necessarily to get you to have a long and healthy life 100 look well so that if you agree with that would do you think that that is not evidence for what would be a good and healthy diet for longevity well well or even maximizing hell well in in when I was in when I was in uh uh Wisconsin and we came up to this airb me this old farmhouse and and uh there it was just covered with ladybugs they were just and and they were all meeting and then like by the morning they're all dead on the ground okay we're however long we're here I don't know I mean I see infinite numbers of sperm eggs that never made uh embryos that never make it to a baby but I do agree that that you know we're we're not here for a long time we're here for a reproductive time right but I think most of the listeners they're going to be interested in reproduction certainly and then they're also going to be interested in how can they compress the number of years where they're affected by chronic disease and their kids are affected by chronic disease they have more time to live high quality of life and I'm here I'm here to help people eliminate those things I and I think it's a a very Noble Pursuit and we're on the same Pursuit right we're coming at this from from different angles um what I'm hearing from you is that you like to have this overall story with certain data points um but yet when anel Keys comes up you seem to have like a firm position on his research but haven't have you taken the time to look through all of his research and fully understand what was his contribution to nutrition science what did he actually investigate not what's on a Blog what do the the actual studies that anel Keys published what do they show and so what I find on the internet is a lot of people have very strong views about these topics but they haven't taken the one or two weeks to look through them well no I think anel Keys was likely a very brilliant man he may have had some really great science that I've never read thoroughly but but the basic concept of what which which was demonizing fat is what the publish saw the public sees okay so I'm not here to to to argue about his science at all what I'm here to say is that the the pushing of fat out of our diets we went from animal fats to mostly plant oils uh healthy olive oil and other plant oils which again some people may have some adverse effects to plant oils depends what it is we know there's something called uh essential oils what's essential oils used for medicinal purposes but do all medicinal things are good or some of them bad I use medications that cause good things or bad things the dose matters the dose but also the antigenicity so most of those essential oils contain glyco lipoproteins which become antigenic and that's one of our biggest problems or they contain chemicals that can affect many of the metabolic processes of your body and that's one of the things that that maybe we're not looking at carefully enough in our diets so someone might eat a very clean diet uh that's a vegan or vegetarian diet or Mediterranean diet but they may have something in there that we don't know about and to dig deep and to try to understand that that's why I'm fascinated by goitrogenic foods and whether or not those same goitrogenic foods can cause damage to other cells of your body rather than the thyroid gland can I ask you a question oh please you you mentioned there that uh you you just the basic premise of anel keys work around reducing fat you don't agree with that reducing animal fats and my question to you is how has animal fat consumption changed and what have people eaten instead of animal fats well when I I ask all my patients what do they eat and I asked them fruits vegetables seeds nuts go down the list right and they would eat chicken turkey fish they don't eat much red meat it's very lean okay and so that's a diet of low fat what kind of patients do you see human beings I know but when do they come to you what what's their problems oh well it's either they're not getting pregnant or they're miscarrying right so would you agree there's a big selection bias this is not necessarily representative of population these people um I take care of human beings in the pop understand that but being compelled to come and see someone like you someone has to have a very specific reason so uh I would be careful not to say I would be careful not to say that what they're reporting on their dietary survey is representative of a country because there's country data that says as people reduced animal fats which in 1980 there was a recommendation people didn't instead increase uh the consumption of healthy sources of polyunsaturated fats they they increase consumption of ultra processed food I don't know what a polyunsaturated fat is okay well you I'm a physician in America I I'm one of the largest IVF centers in America um I take care of people from all over the globe and I talk to people it's my job and I listen to their clinical ideas now I'm not a dacian I'm not I'm not a I don't have a research project that I'm getting paid in order to do in order to publish to have a mission of whatever it is or we're really looking for what is the answer because I think we all want to know what the answer is but it's complicated but ultimately I do I represent I mean I take care of people with very little money to no money to very wealthy people and in between so it may not be what you think is the the the the the country or the world or the the people out there but I think I have a good good mix of people out there that I I listen to everyone I want to know what do you eat how do you live what's your lifestyle because lifestyle matters too in longevity and health and wellness sure but what the point I'm getting at is that by the time people get to you it's likely they've made a whole lot of dietary changes when you go out and look at National representative data people have not swapped animal fats for nuts and seeds and and olive oil the calories are coming from Ultra processed foods which brings me back to my early Point disagree well I mean that's what the data shows so you're disagreeing with large you're disagreeing with large National completely questionnaires surveys based upon what you're seeing in your clinic which I believe is subject to enormous selection bias I'm free on the I'm like online talking to people I meet people all over the world and and and so I I if it's biased it might be but I think it's pretty representative because I see people from the ghetto and from from Wall Street and everywhere in the world and so I'm open to like know you because because money doesn't matter your education doesn't matter you're another human being but do you understand coming back to why this is confusing to the average person is that I could have I the average person is smarter than you know the internet provides more knowledge than it took when I went to medical school I have faith in every human being being smarter than you know but it's confusing when you say I have the answers based on my personal story I don't have answers and then Dr eleston or someone from a vegan uh Camp says the exact same thing it gets very confusing look at look it look it life is confusing right people wear different things they look differently but this is the nature of life it is confusing but the beauty is we're all different and we're all learning differently or we're listening to different stories but it is a story stories are why we are here compelling so so ultimately you know this idea of of of seeds and nuts are fat last I look seeds and nuts are the most most antigenic things that we consume and people are are having a lot of allergies from that why well because we're eating them like you go to the you go to Costco or wherever the big big box places and you buy way too much food than you ever need you know for me it's I just finished a 5-day fast the third of the year I think fasting is one of the most fascinating and most amazing things we could do we likely evolved as fasters because fasting reduces the intake of all the antigenic things we're putting in our body and antigenicity is our biggest problem which is caused by the glycocalix I have a question for you Simon is the scientific Community corrupted and can't be trusted what are your thoughts on that I think there are bad apples in any industry and that's one of the reasons you need to be looking for a data that is replicated and is consistent across different Laboratories different countries we're not going out and just cherry-picking one story or one piece of of evidence looking at the total body of evidence and back to what I said earlier you're looking for mechanisms to support observational studies to support clinical trials and I find it hard to believe the entire scientific Community is corrupt even though that there might be some bad apples within it as I say there are bad apples in every single industry out there is it fair to say though that the people who are funding the study might potentially have a a biased interest for a certain outcome and that it could potentially influence the people who are studying the topic of course and that's why you have to read into the methods just because there is a certain funer doesn't mean you write a study off straight away you need to review the studies's method and determine yourself based on the trial that they've set up how they've analyzed the results uh and you come to your own conclusion that's why it's a very good practice to read the methods and the results before an intro abstract or discussion and any good scientist will will do that um so yeah to answer your question can industry influence studies yes they can but um they're not always funding studies uh with a preconceived idea of this is the result we're paying for and people probably are led to believe that that's happening everywhere it's not so who are the people funding studies in general are they big corporations is it big avocado corporate corporate companies the the dairy industry the beef industry the cereal industry government private donors it depends on on the study you looking at so just like my thoughts hearing hearing that is that if they're spending Mone trying they are trying to get an outcome and so I this is where I'm seeing your under your feelings of corruption in science is that fair to say that they're looking for a certain outcome I'm not claiming it's corrupt okay this is the world this is the world we live in okay so what do you think about science is there any way for you to decipher which science is not biased is there a way to tell and piece that out and say okay this one is less likely to be biased or corrupted and this one has a lot of bias involved does it make sense does it make sense that's what I asked the question and and we have many scientific projects and that that we look at all the time and we do science in in our in our uh practice and we're always reading the papers but we always question it and and what people write doesn't mean it's all accurate because we're all biased in what we might put in there or not but I think I love science I love the the the the um companies that I do work with uh they're they're companies that make a lot of money with the science of so I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to recommend a certain test for you okay then the question is is that test accurate in defining what you want to do and there's a lot of there's a lot of bias one and plus all testing has some inaccuracies natural to it right no test is 100% accurate so the biggest problem is that you may be paying a lot of money for a test inorder to get a certain outcome which you may or not may not get and so I don't think I'm not claiming corruption okay but but in some way we're all a little corrupt all of us are biased right I look at I love pizza pasta bread I do I sometimes eat those things sure I do I'm not sort of like oh never touch those things but if it caus an anactive reaction you better not and that's the challenge but I think that you know we're gonna this is not going to solve the debate of what to eat because we're all going to come up with our own belief systems based on the the stories we're told or the experiences that we've lived through some person okay so when we spoke on the phone before this episode we discussed how scientific studies are basically a collection of stories I think I remember you telling me that is that correct accurately okay so if it is it fair then to say because it seems like you believe that scientific studies can be inaccurate um that also potentially is it possible stories can be inaccurate cuz I can think of times where I personally have you know felt oh this is what caused this specific thing and then later down the road I realized oh wait it was actually something completely different so how often would you think that just stories are potentially misunderstood our own stories even oh it's all a story none of it is true except we believe it and the power of biology of belief and is really the most powerful thing in the universe that's why God the concept of God is the most powerful thing because it's a story that no one could prove and and science is something that I mean we've grown with so much amazing things in science but it is a story a scientific paper must tell a compelling story in for us to believe it now because that's how most people now many people look at it and all I can tell you is that people are always arguing about the methodology and the data and whether or not they came to the right conclusions but that's always going to be the nature of it okay do you have something you want to respond to that and then I have another question I think fundamentally science is for me about moving closer to some form of Truth and reducing uncertainty I think we're terrible at understanding our own lived experience and telling that story and you know I see numerous anecdotes online of people saying they remove seed oils and miraculously their health recovered and you dig a little deeper and you know what foods did they remove and it was a lot of ultra processed foods or was it the seed oils or was it other constituents in the ultra processed foods and so we can get attached to a story and become an advocate you know I'm going to advocate for the complete remove removal of seed oils and they're toxic from my n equals 1 lived experience but it's not necessarily the explanation for why my health improved and you see that across um the entire the entire sort of diet tribe Spectrum me I ask you a question sure do seed oils cause disease well what point no I don't think they do guess what I agree with you well that's one thing we agree on absolutely because I think it's but why why why do you take that position we probably take that position for different reasons well well well I mean I don't I love olive oil uh I'm not a coconut fan uh I I love olive oil with a little garlic and a few other things something like soy Bane or sunflower oil okay so don't know this answer so much okay so but but but plant oils are are industrial Productions anyway but what does that mean well meaning that you and I have had no significant access to the seed oils until it was produced and put in a jar or bottle and so does that mean it's automatically bad for not at all not at all but but I don't like consuming things that that didn't exist years ago and likely weren't my evolutionary nutrition okay so that's why I stay away from how you know the foods that you consume in the ratios and amounts that you do were available to our ancestors well I think beef was now was it a cow was it a mammoth I don't know that answer okay I can only eat what I have available today but I can tell you that seed oils were not significant in our consumption at all and so I just don't eat them very much but I don't think they're the major cause of our disease but because most people cook with them and do a little in them but I think and and fat certainly isn't the cause of disease that's why I go right to plants are the major culprit in most of our disorders and that's that's really it it's the foundation it's simple you can eat them but the because we eat three to six meals a day between the day you're born the day you die your gut is full of plants digesting and digesting plants mean you're breaking down the complex carbs slowly over time and you're delivering them to your bloodstream that means your glucose level is higher than it normally would be if you're intermittently eating uh or eating mostly a animal-based diet but you can do it as a plant-based diet also as I said but the the cause of most disease disas is the fact that our gut is full of digesting plants and you're fermenting and plus the sugar is going in and glycation is a leading cause of disease and um we see it every day and I even think we see it in our mental disorders and and all of our physical disorders that's why if you could simply just eat one meal a day and you cook your carbs and simplify them because complex carbs and fiber are the cause of disease and when you really dig deep into it you'll understand it better but fat and oils in general are not but you know is are we are we planting and in in and you know all this seed oil production that may be harmful for environment maybe that's not my fight there's a lot in there to to unpack um I I keep coming back to a few different points one is that very consistently we see in observational evidence and in clinical trials people who eat more whole grains than fiber do better they have lower risk of Choral cancer uh cardiometabolic diseases like type 2 diabetes uh coronary heart disease non-alcoholic fatty liver disease so that evidence is there and it's consistent it's Global uh when it comes to Fat the evidence is consistent it's confusing and it can be confusing for number of reasons one the saturated fat is an big umbrella term they're not all equal uh how saturated fat affects your health outcomes will depend on the type of saturated fats you're consuming and if you were to remove them what do you replace generally we see if you look at clinical trials when people will replace saturated fat with polyunsaturated fats so animal fats for plant oils people have lower cardiovascular disease in incidents and events um and to go a step kind of back I wrote down a APO B right so you guys were talking about science and this idea of stories and how to we come to recommendations and I was trying to explain that I'm looking for converging lines of evidence so let's take something like earlier you said you don't look at LDL cholesterol and I'll explain why I think LDL cholesterol more spefic specifically something like a b is important to look at and is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and is causal in the development of artherosclerosis so the first piece of evidence that you that you begin to go H maybe LDL cholesterol is something that correlates with disease is large scale observational studies okay these studies are not perfect but typically people in the population that have higher LDL cholesterol have higher incidence of coronary heart disease okay interesting data point consistent across the world now let's take it a step further let's look at mandelian randomization studies let's look at genetic variance so these are things that people now have from birth you know you inherit your genes from Mommy and Daddy so we take out some of these confounders that might exist at a population level maybe the people with low LDL cholesterol also exercise more and smoke less now we're looking at people who get inherit some type of Gene from birth and have you know either low LDL cholesterol or a gene that gives them high what's the difference in risk and you see this log linear increase in risk as the more that that genetic variation increases their LDL or more specifically AP B and we can go into that if we want to the higher their risk of coronary heart disease okay so cool so now we have observational evidence large populations showing us that this risk factor is associating with coronary disease the number one cause of death globally okay let's take it a step further what about we do clinical trials with people who are at high risk of heart disease and we lower their ldal cholesterol or apob what do we see and again we see reductions in risk of coronary heart disease as you get AP down so here's three clear lines of evidence that show benefit to reducing apop for a very important health Health outcome coronary heart disease and then we say okay well how do you how do you get LDL cholesterol or apob down what's one of the main aspects of our diet that influences this biomarker the type of fat we're eating and when you look at clinical trials swapping saturated fat I mentioned this before for polyunsaturated fat you see LDL cholesterol come down and overall across the the broad body of evidence when you look at met analyses you see a reduction cardiovascular vents that's the way that that I approach can I ask you a question sure what were the fats were the sources of those fats animal fats were butter mostly for saturated and unsaturated the unsaturated fat plant oils plant oils plant oils yeah with unsaturated unsaturated fats so it was animal animal animal fat versus plant oils in these randomized control trials they use plants or animal with the different fats yeah so one group has a high saturated fat intake from animal fats so animal fat versus plant oils correct right cuz cuz unsaturated PS saturated and all these things you know these are confusing for most of us but it's either e animal fat or plant oils the plant oils did Superior correct when you look at a metanalysis and you look the board and so where does where do where do um where does animal fat come from an animal does any Corporation or company like sponsor them as sell them you don't but the the plant oils are sponsored by large corporations I mean there a b indry and the dairy industry they they they don't actually because they're actually they actually stay out of that completely okay they don't F science the the cattle cattle IND very little actually very little very little so the I find that very hard to believe it is hard to believe but but the cattle industry actually is is is the the the small farmers the ranchers are are are losing the large their four Packers the most producers are are really just it's all food industry okay but you think the Big Mate companies and the big Dairy companies are not funding um there is less science coming from the those well they are because they're all owned by the same large corporations that control most of the the food anyway but point a little bit is when you talk about saturated unsaturated fats we're talking about plant oils versus animal fat right and there's some bias to where the money comes from and I can only tell you this having dealt with a lawsuit over a of patent infringement over someone's claim of something in the in the supplement world that I didn't know there was a patent on it but then I come to find out that the science is supposedly wrong but many of my scientific colleagues are all invested in this stuff and so point is a little bit is we the the the population the people in general I don't think can should trust a lot of this stuff but they should trust you oh don't trust me at all no no no no no no look at but you're telling them a story I'm giving you 100% look at I've learned this not from doctors but I suffered for years terrible bow beding like I would bleed a port of blood in the in the toilet and I would had kidney stones I had migraines arthritis I'd go to the doctor I just get another drug I had chronic upper resir inflammation for years I went carnivore and it went away now again this is my anecdote you might listen to a vegan or a carnivore or something in between beauty is power today is you can learn from a story but I'm I'm blogging telling the story because I want you to be healthy and well now if you're a vegan I'll give you my vegan opinions if you're a standard eater I'll give you that if you're you want to be look at the carnivore like because that's what it took for me and so whole point is that it does take the ability because you're podcasting health and wellness ideas correct a lot of the time are you a doctor no do do you have a doctor degree in PhD in something in in in science Okay but well how are you doing that because you care now you're coming across with your opinion which is powerful podcasting I call this social media social medicine now everyone has access I have so many patients that come to me they know so much more than I even know in some areas I'm just like impressed with all of them and the job is to share the story of what you have to share what I have to share what you have to share so that everyone has access to different opinion then they could decide I mean I have a carnivore group I call it keto carnivore because it invites everyone not just people want to only eat meat I mean most people don't want to just eat meat but depending what they're suffering from that's the critical point to these stories that we're telling on this beautiful Ellen Fisher podcast thank you for being here by the way you are so gracious and kind both of you guys I'm I'm loving this conversation um I have a question you mentioned something about the big meat and dairy Industries you're saying are owned by these plant corporations is that what you're saying right right I mean it's food so wouldn't that mean that part of their bias was to prove that the meat and dairy is good for you I am so excited to be able to tell you about my dear friend Karly Taylor's new company saou sa's handcrafted essential oil blends offer a healthier signature scent swap for those who are trying to avoid chemical perfumes in Cologne their oils are made from 100% organic and wildcrafted ingredients and are pure and potent with no carrier oil oils added these oils are held in UV protected beautifully designed glass bottles and crafted with respect for the Earth and her inhabitants at every step of the process they have extremely transparent sourcing on their website so you can guarantee that each Botanical ingredient used is responsibly and ethically obtained each oil is designed to act as a portal to a specific nervous system State making this full set an amazing addition to your sematic regulation toolkit to have on hand throughout the day I've been loving weaving these unique essential oil blends into my daily rituals the promise of a grounding breath a moment to yourself a recalibration of the day that quiet power of rebirth and re-entry is precious I have their Discovery set which includes a full-size bottle of each of their bestsellers and is the perfect place to begin your immersive saou Journey I've been personally loving using each oil and set for a different purpose throughout the day for example I love using Helios in the mornings to give me an invigorating burst of energy before work or a workout elisium to wind down in the evenings arrows has become my go-to central perfume and I love a on Andrew as a woodsy grounding cologne that is entirely chemical free if you love exquisitely pure ingredients alchemized into sacred scents meant for daily ritual then saou is for you you'll already Sav more than $50 with the discovery set but with my code Ellen you'll save an additional 15% off your first purchase with saou for a limited time only and this set would make the perfect gift for a loved one um it's I don't understand it completely but but from many of the meat producers um they're they're just sharing their food and and I wish they would share more about how healthy and important fatty meat is but it's really not being being pushed out that way because the majority of people won't buy it anyway but but the and I'm not blaming the food industry for where we're at because we all have to take responsibility individually for our health and wellness and that's what this story is really about take full responsibility to listen to differing opinions and all of this but I I think for sure I I know the American Heart Association American diabetic associations all these associations are getting money from large food corporations now the the the small meat producers you know they're they're not getting many big handouts from from the government in order to grow the meat what are your thoughts on that I I mean I've always heard the opposite personally that there isn't really big avocado or big broccoli but there is big meat and dairy that are invested into Science Nutrition science so I'm wondering is there a way to parse out how many studies are being funded I don't know how important you would find that Simon but I think a lot of people would find that interesting how much of the research is being funded by animal agriculture Industries versus processed food Industries and stuff and plant Industries I think the we're all funding it and and yes there's bias in all of it right is is I mean I would say in general the word is that meat is not so good and plants are better I mean that's that's the sort of the bias we all share out there because I love a good salad and I think that there's our bias and where the money's coming from I think it's important but you know I don't generally podcast about well they're doing this and you know you can be better be careful of that my podcasts are hey this is what I have found for your health and wellness not against this or that because when you fight something you know what it does it fights back yeah well the reason I invited you and then I didn't invite some of the other people who like you know are just very negative about plant-based eaters or anything I really appreciate your positivity in just sharing your story and your and your beliefs on things I think it's really cool so yes I what your thoughts on all that can I say one other thing because I I just want to I I honor Simon for what he's doing and what you're doing and I may have said this a little before but we must hear all sides and we must have the ability to listen to the science or listen to the stories in order to formulate what is right because is there one that's going to be for everyone not happening all right Simon take it away I I too am really grateful for this opportunity and and to get this time to sit down with you because you know Believe It or Not uh I think critical to science is being able to put present your views out to the world and have them challenged yeah so you know as soon as you suggested having this conversation I was you know jumping at the opportunity so I'm I'm really grateful to be here even though we we clearly have some different views on on things I personally um it's a little bit of a red flag the whole don't trust the science the institution and you know I'm just telling my story I have the answer that that's how I and I'm not just directing this at you I see it across the board it's a very similar story that is used in all these different diet camps and the reason that concerns me is people don't know what to believe because they're being exposed to all of these different stories where people say this is the way to eat for Optimal Health and then they scroll up on social media and it's someone else saying the exact opposite and people end up throwing their hands up in the air and saying I just don't know what to eat there's nothing left anymore right yeah and and that sucks that sucks right and and I speak to people all the time who end up in that position I spoke to a girl yesterday who uh had written a comment on my YouTube basically pouring her heart out saying that she had clinical depression I tried uh seeing a psychiatrist came across a carnivore Community tried carnivore it didn't help her she's like now saying should I flip-flop to a vegan diet and and I was just thinking gosh you know this person she needs to go and and get care and be seen as an individual patient she's being exposed to all this information on social media and um is clearly very very confused and so I I don't think that it's necessarily helpful having all of these anecdotes out there I think it's more helpful communicate science and and what I would say is a a more responsible manner is to look at the body of evidence and say you know here at a population level is what a healthy dietary pattern looks like this is going to be healthy for reproduction it's going to be healthy for reducing your risk of developing obesity and type two diabetes when you're older reducing your risk of cancer Etc and there's been so much fighting within science community and online and and today there again we're coming back to Sugar versus fat right and that's been going on for 70 years it's it's a ridiculous argument both can be a problem in a diet you can have a diet that has uh poor quality fats and you can have a diet that has poor quality carbohydrates and diet quality is what matters most not this macronutrient fight of carbohydrates versus fat um and I've already you know explained what I think that looks like in terms of a dietary pattern and I think one of the most sensible dietary patterns that tick those boxes is a Mediterranean diet done um done properly as it is kind of defined within the literature not not pizzza and Pastor every night although I'm sure some some would enjoy that um but yeah that's I guess what my my position here is I I I think that your uh Mission and and and dedication to improving the health of your patients is admirable I think you're extreme ex well-intentioned but what I find is when people get caught up in anecdotes they they want their diet to to kind of be the best for everything and it might be that your diet is helping your patients with their fertility the question is is it their best diet longterm for risk of cancer risk of cardiovascular disease these are different outcomes and that's a that's a different question yeah we don't know that answer and cuz we're all going to die of something and and you know we're not here to White watch the story and I'm not trying to cleanse anyone as right or wrong and and you don't have the right answer and I don't have the right answer we just have our story of what you have found in your studying of the data and I have my answer what I have found in studying the data also and because I read data I've I've sifted through it and put it together and what I've seen now they're not my patients by the way they're they're just human beings that we're all sharing a story with and someone's going to you'll never I mean I have people that I've never met before say I got pregnant with Dr guilt's diet now now and there are plenty of people that get ready get pregnant on vegan veget all diets okay this is the beauty of it right and and uh you spiritual religious at all you have your belief system you have your belief system they infinite belief systems that we have would nutrition be any different our cultures are so different in beautiful and so we have to honor those things I te you're talking to people that are suffering and and I talk to people that are suffering and so you know the beauty is I mean I recommend acupuncture massage meditation prayer many things that people can do because it is there's a whole complex components to all this that helps people find their health and wellness and and that's why I think it's so important that you know oh carnivore is the only way or vegan's the only way no like you're going to find something that works for you and why someone gets a disease and other someone doesn't that's the part we don't have the absolute answer okay genetic predisposition the the epigenetics your environment of what you drink eat and think like even thinking could be the a component to all of this right when when you're more positive or certain of something the outcome is more certain to happen and that's one the Beauties to all of this we're kind of going a little bit off track there's a lot there I agree with there's so much in this in this conversation where there's little bits I agree with and certain bits I disagree with um I think that we we need to understand that the I think uh Dr kills just said you know we don't know what the causes of of these diseases are and I I I would push back and say there are many modifiable risk factors for cardom metabolic diseases and and cancer that we do understand you know blood pressure obesity elevated blood glucose elevated apob all of these different modifiable risk factors and through the scientific method we understand how a dietary pattern that's what we're here to talk about today how a dietary pattern affects those modifiable risk factors and so the dietary pattern that I'm recommending people follow which could be a Mediterranean diet so it's it's a diet that can have animal fats and animal food animal protein in it for sure is a dietary pattern that is supported by the evidence to shift these modifiable risk factors that we've identified in science these are risk factors that elevate your risk of cancer elevate your risk of type two diabetes elevate your risk of having a heart attack shifts these risk factors in a favorable Direction lowering your overall risk of developing those diseases and that's kind of the the the main you know point that I want to get across and and how I come to the recommendations that I'm giving to my community yeah may I make one other comment because I didn't say we don't know the cause of disease we don't know the cause of disease in individuals exactly meaning that why one person gets the disease and another PE person doesn't but I think that ultimately you know a a a high plant-based frequent consumption whether it's processed or unprocessed those are likely the the the leading causes what I believe so that's why you can change some ways you do it um does red meat cause disease not what's the very best evidence you have that we can just point someone to who's listening that supports the idea that high plants unprocessed plants included a causing disease uh what's a gler well you can is goer very common so goer goer is thyroid thyroid disease thyroid not just enlargement but but much of it is is a change in the thyroid gland itself they can be hyper hypo or U thyroid so you may have normal function or you have abnormal function um and you may develop tumors cysts within the thyroid gland okay so we know that there are certain plants that are that are predisposed to causing thyroid damage Okay so we know that but why one person gets it another person doesn't we don't know that can I give you an anote letin oxalates and Fates are also welln I had kidney stones for years did anyone say Dr Kilts you're drinking you're eating so much spinach could that be a cause of your problems nobody it did so we we don't and the beauty I love is that we need to talk about food and nutrition much more than we're talking about anything else I'll give you an anecdote just to illustrate uh how confused using it is to to zoom in on anecdotes my mom had hypothyroidism and she was eating a diet that was very rich in animal foods and ultr processed foods her diet now is much more plant-based unprocessed what's happened to her thyroid function marketly improved marketly improved we can point to anecdotes everywhere so she increased plant Foods in her diet and thyroid function improved but as I said we can't pick out the individual as you said you're not an average you're a data point well people come to me all the time well what are my odds of getting a baby out of these treatments well they're either zero or 100 we don't know which one you are we can take a population and put that population together and give you a number that you're going to say okay well should I put my money on on this horse or that horse so that's that's the you know as as I as I as I age and I experience more and more and more in this world I see our inability to be be right or wrong all the time that's the beauty of it we're and especially when it comes to diet I've been through them all over the years and Beauty to your mom for that and again I didn't sell anyone not to eat plants but if you have a specific disease you just told us that you think plants are the cause of all these diseases and I said what's the best evidence and you brought up goo okay so we know that there are goitrogenic foods they're listed as geogenic Foods we know they may be a culprit in causing the thyroid disease now again this is not to say everyone's going to get it okay why would my daughter die from a banana or an avocado why is she allergic to those things or some people allergic to peanuts and not others I'm not telling everyone to stop eating peanuts but these are factors if we sat down with Justin or Erica sonenberg who are from Stanford that research the microbiome that would say a lot of these intolerances to foods and allergies are Downstream of an ultra processed fiber deficient diet that has damaged the microbiome and is now no longer equipped they've D damaged the glycobiome the glyx not the microbiome right well what I'm saying to you is that they would through their research would say it is a fiber deplete diet that has essentially starved the microbiome so what I'm saying you they have putting forward a completely different mechanistic explanation for uh autoimmune diseases inflammatory conditions than than you and it gets confusing when people are exposed to all these different ideas that's why for me I come back and say okay those mechanisms are interesting but when people are eating more of these cruciferous vegetables they're tending to do better admittingly and sure that may be your biased observations also well I'm no I'm taking that out of out of large scale studies that could be biased observations and could be incorrect well there are observational studies they could be wrong they could be they're they're they're open to error but they're going to they're more likely I I would say they're more likely to be accurate than the what we see and don't see I think our our personal experience is is prone to an enormous amount of bias more than we imagine do people magazines and all these great magazines right at the marketplace and they're online with social media and looking at people who are sharing stories that's that's more powerful than a scientific data that 99% of people will never read and people are not looking to the doctors or the scientists anymore they're looking to their neighbor their friend or they're looking to podcasters to share something that's more powerful today than ever before what people are looking for and what's accurate and not necessarily the same thing how do you know what's accurate well we have to come how do you we have to come together more than anyone else we that's what the scientific method is for so we're oh we're trusting in science for all of us you're right scientific method you're right it's supposed to give us accurate information we're getting sicker and sicker and sicker over science I'm not against science I'm all for it but if we're if I'm the scientist and I have the answer for you as if I'm GNA cleanse your world and I'm GNA give you the right answer we do not have weak and meek people out there we have weaken meak people because they're they're they're eating and consuming the same advice we've all been giving as scientists but you're blaming science I am not just believing science what I've learned is science can be wrong sure and and so I don't have the right answer for you you don't have the right answer for anyone else either you have a story to tell of why you believe this is true and that some people are going to find it true and live it and they're going to experience it good but some people are not so Dr kelz do you believe in objective Truth for nutrition objective truth yeah like is it just my truth Your Truth or is there a truth that is that is universal doesn't mean that it doesn't mean there isn't variances in each person but is there a truth about nutrition that there is a diet that is closer to be better for human health or is it just my truth Your Truth ultimately it's all our individual truth because that's the universe we're all unique and different and we have our belief systems now in my opinion I think a primarily animal-based diet is likely less likely to cause and or may help reduce disease now I'm giving you my opinion like you're giving your opinions we're all opinionated this is the beauty of all of us we're not here as dictators to tell well we're going to make we're going to make a a diet that's good for everyone and and that's that's like a little crazy if you think you're going to make a diet for everyone that's certainly not my position that there's one diet for everyone I think the the something that where we disagree on is you seem to be thinking that science has led to the current state of diet in this country and I would push back and I would say that what what we would be better off focusing on is the inability to actually adhere to the recommendations that science puts forward because almost no one less than 5% of Americans are eating according to dietary regulations it's very hard dietary recommendations it's very hard to blame something that people are are not actually doing themselves I like your word regulation better because it is true their their rules right they rules to try to control people and we don't need to be controlled we need to be free and each of us needs to be free to choose our own diet number one but we need to get the truth and science is not truth seeking so what is truth seeking then if science if not science when it comes to choosing F human health open and unbiased because I'm not 100% clear on what science means to you or how you've come to any of this other than your own lived n equals one experience I work in a world of medicine what's the most important thing to the modern medical machine profits profits is any other industry different is science Industry different you know you know the the the flexner report that Rockefeller put through years ago in like 1910 were basically took over the control of of of the science the research the the medical schools and and the training see I went into medicine thinking I was going to help people but I was learning the way how to make a diagnosis of a disease how to write a prescription how to define the other diagnostic or therapeutic procedures did I realize that it really wasn't trying to understand the cause of disease now I love nutrition because I think it is deep in the cause dis I was a in at University of Southern California I was a nutritional biochemistry major okay I worked in a lab and and and it excites me me it's so so interesting to me to learn more about this but ultimately it's about money so but is not is your practice not about money well of course it is profits matter in order to keep and and push the machine I'm I'm a third the price of the majority of other fertility people out there do you think you stand out by having an opinion of they got it all wrong and I have the answer does that help your business I'm not claiming anyone is they wrong again I'm just sharing my thoughts and ideas is I'm not claiming that going for money is wrong and not going for money is right what I'm claiming here is that we have a system that we have to help give people more information freely so they can help make the decisions we're not trying to regulate anything we're trying to open up the possibilities that everyone has the right for their own decisions and what they do in their health and wellness but people are suffering and they're getting sicker and is it because we're producing a lot of processed food I mean I grew up on all the processed foods surely some of it anyway and we certainly need to guide people to more holistic food and I I like the Mediterranean diet but I still think the Mediterranean diet is high in plants and low in fat and not enough fatty meat personally I think we can do better on it than we're doing and I think three meals a day is wrong right and it's the it's the evidence that informs that that we're essentially disagree yeah I do think that there's a growing population of people cons concerned over Authority in science in government bodies telling us what to do in mainstream media telling us and people wanting to think for themselves and so stories are powerful and are influential and so I just wonder if there's a balance between both of what you're saying that there's like we can is there a way for us to look at the science and also be a little bit more aware of potential bias what are your thoughts I mean my personal view is that trust me we all use a little support when it comes to staying on top of our nutrition with busy lives children and the sometimes seemingly never ending to-do list along with eating a Whole Foods plant-based diet to help me feel my best I am obsessed with anema Mundy's beautiful selection of products founded by herbalist Adriana aalis Ana Mundi is an apothecary which uses over 200 different sustainably grown herbs from around the world to create intentional products that contain zero fillers binders or flow agents made in the US with certified organic wildcrafted and sustainably harvested plants and herbs in a vegan and gluten-free kitchen they also use eco-friendly packaging in recyclable glass or biodegradable bags I love the spirulina which is an organic protein Rich mineralizer that tastes delicious in banana mango smoothies and the Butterfly pea powder which you can add to your favorite tea lemonade favorite meal or even your bath or face mask for health promoting and healing properties I got a discount code for you guys enter the code LM Fisher 20 for 20% off click the link in my show notes below what we see in in in the data and then recommend to the public at a population level is one thing and within that everyone should understand that as an individual they should be toggling things around and titrating Things based on their blood test results how they're feeling what are their goals where's their health at so back to earlier I said I don't believe there's one you know best diet I think within the framework that I described you can do it low carb you can do it High cup you can do it yeah low low fat high fat so um I think individualization occurs with in a framework that we understand is conducive to reducing your risk of chronic disease and increasing Health spand the majority of the world lives dayto day with little money and little resources and they're highly controlled and regulated in their populations and I think we really want to bring freedom to everyone food freedom freedom in their life choices and people are suffering tremendously and I think that we're not here to regulate anyone we're not here to control anyone we're here to give them the knowledge you don't have to go to school anymore for college in order to get the knowledge it's right there I had to go to medical school to gain the the power and the knowledge you know even going to University is not been around for that long for many most people in the world today you could get it all online for free that's the beauty of it blood testing why do we need so many testing we need less and less and less I think we test too much I got a I got a a CAC score that's was 700 last next day I'm doing all these testing they wanted more test and I got a CT angram and I'm fine and and so it's our we're creating worry in the world we're creating like you better do this diet or you better get your test for this or that the testing world is billion dooll world and ultimately people can't afford it but how do you feel and and are you doing the things that also bring about health and wellness besides whichever diet you choose but the world of let's get a test let me review your test and tell you what you need to do even that is inaccurate because every test has a positive and negative predictive value that is not perfect either so ultimately I think we can agree that it's important to give to offer information to everyone in a in a in a way that we have conversations with even people with opposite views yeah so I can see a common a common theme I'm going to picture in the comment section from listening to this and it would be something like why does it have to be carnivore versus plantbased why can't it just be a balance of both I'm really appreciate that you brought that up I do think that you're one of the few plant-based Advocates that isn't necessarily looking for studies that are only going to prove the bias to eat only plants and you know you do recommend sometimes that it could be healthy to include some fish or eggs I think is correct me if I'm wrong in the way that you Advocate and so what are your thoughts on that why not just plants and animals well well and balance is what people say I don't know what balance means okay it's another word yeah right live a balanced diet life builds life and and so the majority of the food we eat is devoid of most of the fat or the skin or the bones or the head so we're eating a non-natural diet anyway and so a lean meat diet whether it's red meat or white meat or or anything else is also a problem and if you simply think you could add a plant oil or a seed oil to that I don't think that's healthy for us I think the critical part is ADD animal fat and eat less frequently can you eat some plants you can should you prepare them properly so animals are probably better raw and plants are better cooked because they they simplify the sugars kill the microbes when you do the plants but I I'm not opposed to eating I don't like the word balance you know you want to eat some plants you want to eat some animals go at it uh it depends on your environment the problem is our environment is you know you have access to all food all the time which is also not natural for us so I think that um I don't like the word balance because you can't be married and have a boyfriend and girlfriend on the side that's balance right and so this idea that you can have whatever you want that doesn't we know that doesn't make sense you know alcohol is deadly I mean the American College of Joy recommends red wine is is is alcohol good for us it's not and we're making it in our gut might that be the cause of much disease for our children eating a lot of fiber with which probably is a cause of cancer and other diseases your thoughts Simon I mean we could double click on a lot of things I can I love a i canide a study out a Harvard randomized control trial they're not one of the randomized control trials it's actually put people on an animal-based diet and a plant-based diet for 5 days and just to to drill home a point here that we can cherry pick and look at mechanisms and things all day and in 5 days on an animal-based diet what happened to the microbiome an increase in a bacteria called biof filia wadsworthia do you know what that is it's a bacteria yeah and it's a inflammatory bacteria and that was within 5 days right so we can we can zoom in and and cherry pick and talk about anecdotes and and all of this stuff all day long um I have a problem with this idea of of not trusting the science but then thinking people people on social media are somehow going to do a better job at getting to the truth and one of the reasons for that and whether they're a doctor or not is how are people motivated online who are creating information right now what's what's the motivation behind the content that gets Creed no no it's no different to any industry it's money it's advertising and having extreme views coming out and saying you know a carnivore diet will do this or a vegan diet will do this is a good way to grab attention and the the more nuanced objective evidence-based position is a little less sexy it doesn't grab the the headlines as as as much and so um it doesn't get as much attention so you know to to point to science and say there's corruption and there's money there but not to uh highlight that the same driver exists on social media today and all these extreme messages which I think you said we don't like to create fear I think all these extreme diet positions are creating fear because as I said earlier one group says you cannot eat this Sugar's doing this to your gut the next group says any amount of animal fat or any amount of meats doing this can you see how confusing that is for someone that is where most of the fear online and when I speak to people that's the feedback I get they don't know what to eat anymore in my scientific communities we've been arguing about the same science that for for years and years and years it's confusing in science too so I can just tell you we're not here to to to to decide who can tell and who can't because we have the freedom for the conversation and again you're we're we're all we're all out there sharing and I'm not trying to say they shouldn't be there and they should and it just we're all there to share a story and ultimately I'm I it's the stories and and the the microbes in our gut some are good some are bad which determines one's good and one's bad is it different types or the different environments could be both it's mostly the different environments because most of these microbes exist everywhere in our environment but depending on the factors especially the breakdown of the glycobiome which allows those microbes to get into our bloodstream and cause much disease and so you know five days on any diet I mean that's not science to me I'm not putting that forward at saying I'm based my recommendations off that I'm saying we can we can drill in and you can talk about the glycobiome I can look at a 5day randomized control trial and you know all day long we can point to various bits of evidence the question is how do we how do we actually come to good Public Health recommendations and for me I can stand here wholeheartedly and look at you look at you look at the person listening and saying you know what you're right there is no truth science isn't about knowing the exact truth it's about reducing uncertainty and through a scientific method we over time can evolve our understanding of nutrition and human health and I am far more certain far more certain that a Mediterranean diet is better for cardiometabolic health based on the available evidence than a carnival diet or anything close to accountable diet we're all sharing our stories you individually are sharing a story of your beliefs of the data the science that's a false equivalence because I'm going to a qu of evence St I'm telling my story of what I think we're all doing you're doing it I'm doing it we're giving our opinions of it based on what we look and see and we're all biased based on our subconscious minds and what it has behind us that's what this story is about and so ultimately we should not be here to say this is what everyone should do that's dictatorial socialistic I'm not here to do that I'm here to help individuals have the access to information so they can make the changes in their lives that are critical in whichever way they want to do and again I'm I have a license to practice medicine which I'm s grateful for in some ways but here's what I tell everyone I'm not your doctor you are you're your own doctor you have access to more information don't trust your doctors I'm not saying don't trust them and walk away so you don't think that people need guidelines okay so what I'm saying about trust so trust and verify as they say okay our job is to give information that we believe in but but we want to also give information that people can have access to this and knowledge I mean I write books I hope are simple I don't want to use the word simple but they're in a way that people could look at them and enjoy them and learn about them even opposite ideas the more we do that the better this the better we all evolve in a better place I mean I walk down the streets here there's such an Eclectic diversity everywhere and so for anyone's science this is what I this is what happens to me in in my practice or happened to me at the hospital says you can't talk about this you you can't talk about it well well maybe like hey you know this seems very opposite of what we're doing can you talk about a little more let's all learn from it that's what we're here to do and come to some some consensus where we could all get along and I agree with that but the consensus as it stands is not a carnival diet and I'm certainly not not suggesting dictatorship I am not suggesting that the individual listening free to eat however they want what I'm talking about is what are the general public health guidelines for the person that's not going to be out there going through all the evidence sifting through it doesn't have the skills to do it what good good objective evidence-based guidelines can we give them to help them get healthy to help them reduce disease to help them increase their health span so they can get more out of their life that's what I'm I'm most interested in and I I would say that I've struggled in this conversation to kind of really understand the science that's informing your position other than the N equals one experience you've had and what you see in clinic and I'm not saying that's not impactful I believe your work is is tremendously impactful we're coming at this from two different areas I'm coming at this from a public health recommendation and I would I I have I would like to know from from you which will help me kind of better understand the way you're thinking about all of this what's something on about nutrition that you've changed your mind on in the last couple of years and why well tell me about the glyco calic and and that's not to say that I mean most people don't know about it well I understand it's inter epithelial cells oh oh it's it's it's huge in everything because every cell communicates based on it and and tell me about hepatogenous diabetes most people don't know about it and and so how did I come abond this one is I did it and and the and the challenge is you don't know whether you're going to get cancer or not because cancer hits healthy people you don't know whether or not you're going to get heart disease or not because it happens the number the one of the leading symptoms of heart disease is actually sudden death right but it happens more to people with high blood pressure obesity high cholesterol which is a symptom of what which is a symptom of poor cardiomed health it's inflammation the cause of all disease is inflammation so how come when you lower inflammation we don't see reduced events in Trials you actually will but you see you're trying to measure it by science science is poor at measuring things this is what I this is like just between you and I and all the listeners what I struggle with is that science has got it all wrong but somehow you've worked it out okay I haven't worked it out for you but you're talking about information like you have worked it out do you understand of course I have and sharing I'm sharing my thoughts and ideas in a way that people go like this guy's kind of crazy I don't know about it but I've been suffering all these drugs my doctors keep on telling me to do this plant-based diet or Mediterranean diet or whatever it is and I went carnivore which is crazy now again but it sounds very definitive and then you throw your hands up in the air and say it's just a story and that is so confusing it's not okay so look it human beings are storytellers that's who we are your observation and perception in your brain is a story you tell yourself the power of the mind is actually I mean we are essentially God because our brain is the Storyteller of reality you you create me and I create you we each create everything in existence that we live with based on our evolutionary DNA and epigenetics and all the stories we've been told okay have you ever tried a carnivore diet for three months most people haven't and it's a hard one to believe and I would tell you don't do it I also haven't done a milkshake diet of course you haven't look it again but we're here talking about a plant-based and an animal-based diet like what are you thinking to do with Simon and Robert it's kind of crazy and you're having a difficult time because I mean do you understand religion and God at a high level I wouldn't say I'm I'm a religious person you're meaning that I mean I don't understand it but I'm always working to to understand it you said most people don't have the skills everyone has the skill because everyone has the DNA of everything that's how we're built the skill to have the nutritional literacy to make sense ofid be careful I'm just everyone has the skill they may may not yet have the knowledge yeah but I think you're asking too much of a population to sift through all of this when they haven't been trained to and to make sense of it what public health recommendations are for okay it's government I'm not here to be the government I'm here to share ideas like you guys are how do you what do you think about the government I love the government and public health recommendations I question a lot of them I disagree with a lot of them but that's the beauty of why we're in this we are we are individuals that are skilled and capable to do anything but we believe we're not or we are biased against other people which is wrong I'm open to changing my mind I just haven't you haven't put forward any evidence that would warrant that and I I can I can say I can say that I have I can show you examples of how I've changed my mind so you Dairy right in the last five or six years my recommendations and understanding of dairy and dairy fats has changed a lot as evidence has evolved and understanding that certain types of dairy like cheese and yogurt fermented dairy in particular actually improves cardi metabolic risk factors and outcomes Dair is deadly right and why because it's for a baby for a baby you said fear is the is such a problem and then you're coming out saying Dairy is deadly are you not contributing to wait I thought you were promoted butter a little bit okay so and cream okay I'm confused correct okay confused so so many people can't tolerate milk products okay who you are I don't know but cream and butter are different because they're mostly fat and what are they missing glycoproteins the glycoproteins component of milk is highly antigenic for many people I get a little bit it but it's tolerable and I love the cream and I love I love the the butter so I will tolerate some inflammation do you think how you feel in the moment because you mentioned this earlier is NE necessarily indicative of long-term Health outcomes because I can smoke a cigarette today lose weight feel good but that's terrible for me long term well that's what you believe Okay so you believe smoking is good long term that's what you believe and the look at the the the power of the mind is one of the most important things in all of this I'm trying to understand yours well that's why we're here together but do even nutrition you sat and you looked at it and you say I understand this oh no of course not no I I realize there's a lot of things I don't know and I hold my positions uh firmly but Loosely let's say that I'm willing to change my position if you can put forward evidence that I believe is stronger than what I have I'll change my view you're in your 20s 30s 30 nearly 40 38 40 and I'm nearly 70 all right and what we believe at any one time in our life will change I may be a vegan one day and you may be a carnivore can you guarantee that won't happen no one can I cannot guarantee that but I what I can do is play probabilities what is probable I'm not I'm not okay look at look at it everything is possible you're right what's more likely or less likely that's where we play the game but this is a story to be told for people to go like these two guys are crazy or at least I might be and I don't mind it I I like you let me just I just put that down enjoying your your uh your what you have to say and the company we have very different views on this 100% but when I look at you in the eyes I I I literally I'm like this is this is someone that I could hang out more with well well and I want everyone to know that's listening to all of this that that the the these two people are most amazing and I've been watching and listening to their stuff and I'm very impressed with their knowledge and and their passion to help people but the beauty is this is why we come to a table to talk because if we're just sitting here talking about we agree on everything I mean that kids kind of boring exactly people I mean we we watch movies and read books and things that are stories that are conflicting if you're not conflicted in life you're not going to grow pain is The Pusher to the power of creativity artist you play the play guitar and you podcast that means you're creative right and with without I mean I was I'm conflicted by all of this sometimes what would it take for you to change your mind and and to to say you know what a carnival diet worked for me and in my lived experience I've seen it with some patients but maybe it's not the best thing to be recommending this at a population level or to to people uh to people who are not presenting to you in your fertility clinic have you ever heard the term you are what you eat of course lions eat meat pigs cows and sheep eat mush when you feed a lion in a wolf plants they become domesticated dogs and cats we are highly domesticated animal animal we're addicted to plants and the story is so powerful we won't give them up we won't even give up a Lea in that they're the very best people are smoking marijuana they're using all sorts of psilocybin iasa and all these sort of drugs and they and they're drinking alcohol and but the number one most addictive thing is actually a plant-based low animal fat diet that is it might I change one day I might but but Lions lead in sheep but we're not Li Lions oh we are I mean people could be pointing to Apes great apes no no we are lions we are killers we are controllers that's what this story is about the Lions to leave the masses and and and why do you have a different view to the majority of anthropologists out there looking at the way our ancestors ate well my story is we came out of the trees to eat the grass eaters not the grass we learn to make weapons and hunt and packs that's who we are and and we can control the masses by feeding them bread and beer plants because they it affects their brains they will listen to the plants which is kind of a crazy story but all organisms are living are they not all organisms want to do what live and reproduce are plants any different they're no different and they're part of the same evolutionary game they are really smart because they've learned to control the masses to be vegan vegetarians Mediterraneans they've they've helped them control their seeds helped them flourish in different DNA and epigenetic and outward uh um appearances ultimately when you eat the fatty meat you have clear thinking now this is my story don't believe me don't do it okay but what if on a meat Centric diet I mean ADHD autism dyslexia depression suicide is on the rise why I don't know but I've heard and seen so many stories and the stories are growing in the carnivore world it's growing they anecdotes they're stories but let's compile all those stories and put it out there to the world to let them make the decision not government because part of the government is industrial control the worker the worker bees I don't want to be a worker bee I want to be a lion and I want to teach you to be a lion also which I know you are and a lius because we're all that and this is the beauty of life and look at fasting I mean 5 to 7even day fasting at least a couple times a year is really great for the mind we know spiritual Journeys are great we know that reading and listening to ideas that are going to help us all which we all have the capability the DNA and the skills are there I mean I learn to fly an airplane or you know I I snowboard and uh I we are all capable of everything we need the stories to be told and access for everyone that they can change I was saved by an LAPD officer once when I was 14 he arrested me and he said in La Rampart district and he gave me a choice I can clean up my act or go to jail and I my ass was kicked to get out of the gang and I changed my life because of someone that gave me an opportunity of a story that I didn't understand and we're all listening and learning together and I don't know any more than you I don't know anything special than anyone because ultimately every human being is so mightily intelligent but they don't have the access to information so the government shouldn't be telling everyone go meatless that's wrong they shouldn't tell everyone to only eat meat either but they're not doing that they're not telling the everyone to go mless okay there there there are people in government that create meatless days or convincing more and more people to eat more plants and L meat that's not telling people to wait wait the government and the public message and it's it's public health and what you're sharing is is how we need to create a story that people can rely on for being healthy yet the story they're relying on is making them less healthy that's in your that's in your view this is my opinion that's your opinion this is all my opinion I'm not I'm not trying to usurp anyone else but I'm just telling my story which I believe because but it seems like you believe it it it goes back to this lion and ancestral component is a big part of your story right yes yes okay so I would I mean I've had anthropologists on on the show it's a topic I'm very interested in and you know we've already spoken before about how what our ancestors were doing um does not necessarily speak to behavior TR that are conducive to longevity it simply means that whatever they were doing was good enough and helped them get to an age to procreate that's what evolution is is really concerned with what I would ask you is if you're going to say ancestrally we ate a very high animal fat diet raw meat raw meat okay my question to you is are we going back 1,000 years 5,000 10,000 100,000 2 million are we going to Africa are we going to Europe are we going to summer are we going to winter what season how are you identifying what the optimal human diet is the single optimal human human diet or how much animal fat well I'd rather be a lion than a pig number one number two anthropologists all argue about the same story too of what we ate okay I don't know that answer I have no idea but when I like a cave painting it's like they're hunting makes more sense to me but it's the story they tell too we're they they're no different than us all scientists are making observations of their data what they find right and then and then they're writing a story about it so we all can sit and enjoy the story humanity so why don't you guys finish up this little piece if there's anything else you want to add to us and I'm going to ask one final question to finish out this conversation because it's been over two hours now a fascinating two hours and yeah I'm going to finish it up with one last question either if you have anything else to say on this though go ahead I think I'm pretty good we what we're I mean ultimately we're on the same Mission with regards to improving Public Health metabolic Health being really front center of that we're coming at this from different angles the way we're coming to our conclusions the reason they're different is that we're looking to different evidence and so what I see as high quality evidence uh Dr Kilz doesn't and what he sees is strong evidence I do not um I I think there is an issue of false equivalence that can occur where you can think okay because these two people have different views both views are equivalent I my view is that the data that I'm using to inform My Views is stronger and less likely to be subject to bias I'm not 100% certain but I have greater certainty in the recommendations that I'm putting forward again are better for long-term card metabolic Health reducing the risk of dementia various forms of cancer non-alcoholic fatty liver disease type 2 diabetes all these chronic diseases that are affecting people far too early in their life and helping the individual maximize their their health span so anything else you want to say quickly before I asked the last question um I don't care about public health I care about human health All Humans around the globe I think that's one of the most important things we need to to to focus on all of us together and and thank you and and and ultimately we all we're all looking at the same thing with different opinions all of us that's the human brain and so but are we looking at the same thing because it feels like to me you're not necessarily looking at the studies that I've looked at and you haven't looked at the studies or the or at least the the carnivore world like I've looked at it and experienced it I didn't believe it but I was tiar of suffering but you know I didn't I didn't really Suffer Well had some suffering younger but it didn't really happen until I was older in my 40s that's when it all happened and you're not there yet and and again when you experience these things you go like whoa why' that happen but ultimately there's nothing false about anything we're saying we're all saying what we believe to be true because ultim timately the brain looks at the data and we come up with a an opinion of it and we create a story to tell so we can help heal Humanity because that's what we're really here to do is heal humanity and not create some some public discourse but maybe that's part of your job I don't know what your your your day job is but we're here to help more and more people in a way and I have a different opinion about the data and the stories I've learned that I need to spend more time on human beings rather than looking through all the data which can be confusing and we're all confused most people are confused and so when they're confused they're they're they're depressed they're sick they're anxious what do you want to do you want to eat and have a party but maybe some meat I would and I my my final words on that that I push back on is that I believe it is my duty as someone that is giving recommendations about nutrition to look at the evidence and say it's confusing but it's my duty to actually get in there and understand why is it confusing and then be able to explain it to the typical person out there who's just trying to go to the grocery and make healthy food choices and it's my passion to share a story that's G to toss it all in its head and change it because if we keep on sharing the same story but we're getting the same thing Insanity will still ensue we got to change it up and I'll push back a little bit on that if I may is that I think one of the uh areas where I I think we're coming up against some some uh disagreement here is that you seem to think that the dietary guidelines we have are failing that haven't worked right okay and I am of the view that it's more of an implementation problem and a food environment problem than it is the guidelines themselves because the majority of Americans are not eating according to the guidelines so I I disagree that it's a guidelines problem what I agree with is we're not making it easy for people to adhere to them because they live in a terrible food environment and so regulation the word I know that you don't like if there's going to be regulation it's around creating a food environment that makes it easy to eat in a way that science has proven is a healthy dietary patent I don't think they're proven it okay well I think short of proving it we're far more certain that a particular theme or way of eating is conducive to better long-term health and I think it's a little bit Rich to blame those guidelines when the food environment which as you mentioned before set up by large food companies it's not set up in a way that makes it easy to adhere to these recommendations the government there's Temptation everywhere so so I feel like you're blame blaming you're blaming a set of guidelines a set of evidence-based Public Health guidelines that people are simply not following and it's not the the individual's fault this is not the individual's fault I want to make that really clear there we're living in an environment that makes it terribly hard to be healthy it makes it terribly hard hard to move our bodies it makes it terribly hard to eat in a healthy way and that if we're going to direct blame I don't think it's at the science I think the blame is to be directed at the government for the way that our food environment is set up blame is yesterday I want to inspire people people for today and tomorrow and and have you ever had like a beautiful amazing ribeye steak black and blue with salt and butter I used to ate a lot of meat have you ever so fatty meat ribey steak oh my God it's heaven and when you realize you can eat it with joy and know that it's the healthiest thing for you that's what I think we should be looking at but people want to hear that so that's why people are gravitating to you because you're charismatic and you're telling people that they're favorite foods that they that are rich in butter and high in animal protein that they they're healthy prove it so people love that message people don't really want to eat salads I think I love a good season salad mean a good I love a good salad too but most of people they're having the choice at a restaurant what would they rather they're like RI by steak versus like a light salad and again my view is not that steak is bad you can have steak in your dietary pattern the exposure amount matters and and in order to to determine what that is you have to use science uh I'm a science project myself okay so how do you know how much red meat can be in someone's diet for it to not have a delerious effect on their risk of cancer coloro cancer which you mentioned before okay coloro cancer and most disease if you look at OT warberg work Thomas Cipher's work is basically a sugar disease sugars come from plants plants ferment in the gut a done story again it's we need to eat fat first keto is a fat diet not a protein diet low carb is not true high protein is not true high fat when you eat fat it kills the microbes it reduces inflammation it supports the glyco glycobiome and your body wants fat it's just like thriving for it women cannot reproduce without fat they're dead okay and so we are not talking about fat we're talking about SE wom cannnot reproduce without animal fat is that what you're saying without fat okay but earlier you said fat comes from animals and oils come from plants confused no no no no no fat on our bodies is animal fat we are animals we contain fat without it you will die and fat is the most amazing adapost tissue I don't care where it is in the body it contains every mineral every vitamin every building block of a baby but you can build adapost tissue without eating copious amounts of animal fat uh you can you're conflating the two you're saying that in order to get this fat listen to my story you didn't have to listen to the story fat is made in the liver out of amino acids and simple sugars that is it and your body wants you you have fat so bad so bad you will eat whatever you can find because your brain has no idea that there's not going to be a they thinking famine or hibernation or gestation we are used to eating one meal a week potentially we we do know that fasting is so powerful but fat there's no fat on your body that's bad or causes a disease fat is not toxic that's wrong okay I would like to ask last question I know this is riveting and I'm sure you have more to say but we no I know we could probably go for four hours but um the last question not quite specifically about nutrition science but does your nut nurition stance have anything to do with ethics or planetary Health it's unethical to feed a human being an inappropriate diet that's going to cause disease malnourishment and many other diseases that's unethical we are animals and all animals all organisms eat something and so am I ethical you better believe I am because I care about human beings and I care about this Earth and and I'm not here to fight the fight of of any of that stuff personally but I do believe that an animal Centric and a and a regenerative agriculture I think is powerful and good and that's my stance great Simon I think first of all you should be able to have a human nutrition conversation separate to ethics which we seem to have done today which is always good yeah um I think as as a human and and Humanity in general we have a respons ibility to protect the world not only for other animals but for future humanity and the way that we're currently growing food and we've essentially turned Earth into a giant farm is having incomprehensible consequences on natural ecosystems and is creating very real risks for future humans that will be on this planet there'll be more there's more hum in the future than have ever been born today that's a that's a fact and so uh you know I I think part of us being in this story of evolution which is a giant story and we're probably right at the beginning of it is paying it forward and you know protecting Humanity as humans as a as species so that we have a habitable world in the future and when you look at the research which Dr Kilt might not agree with uh we can have a much more biodiverse uh planet we can have far less carbon emissions we can have far less pollution ocean acidification if we shift diets to away from so many calories from animal foods and having more calories from from plant foods and that's very consistent across the day people can go to a website called our world in data where there's some really great summaries of that information does that mean everyone needs to adopt a vegan diet no there can be you know tremendous benefits found in simply shifting to a more plant-based diet um and I think when you when you start to also incorporate planetary Health into the conversation um and you could incorporate Animal Welfare if you wanted to these stronger Arguments for people downshifting on animal foods but I don't think it makes an argument that everyone should be vegan I think that ultimately there's population recommendations and certain individuals go and and and follow it one way that feels best for them but it might not feel best for everyone so um you know whereas previously I might have taken a more firm position on that I don't think I I would today I think there's a general theme and then within that choose choose your own adventure but I I do think and certainly me as an individual here I feel responsible for uh more than than just my own health great anything else you want to finish out before we close well I feel responsible for for all of humanity and working to do my very best to share a story that helps each and every individual heal and if what we do helps them live longer great live better great because that's really what we want to do and and certainly the the world is is is important for today and tomorrow and anything we do together is is important and I think together is so important we we see the data differently we analyze it differently and again whether it's specific data in a paper or it's just overall look at the world at where it's at and where it could go the beauty is that we can sit down together and share this in a way that um we're all learning together from each other I appreciate that great are you well thank you guys both for so much for coming on this show I really enjoyed this I could have kept going listening for hours and I really appreciate you both coming here I think you guys are both amazing Ellen thank you Ellen all right Sim appreciate you guys God bless pleasure

  Top Comments:
  1. @zach.hubbard [2 likes]: It is unbelievable/terrifying that this man has a medical license
  2. @Akri0s [2 likes]: The funniest thing to me is that only by looking at the physique you can accurately spot who’s vegan
  3. @JeffHarper-m4s [1 likes]: Klitz has his agenda & he's gonna push it. Eating a plant based diet outperforms an animal based diet in every single study in regards to overall health & longevity. Just look at the blue zones around the world.
  4. @harper-nicoleanderson7622 [1 likes]: Ornish, Greger, Blue Zones I could go on but the evidence is overwhelming:  Whole Foods Plant Based is the way to go and anyone how has followed it properly will attest to that. Not eating meat is not WFPB. "Vegan" can be VERY unhealthy. Greger How Not to Diet, How not to Age etc, The China Study. Dan Buettner's Blue Zones books. etc, etc, etc
  5. @jamesb6716: How can you debunk the blue zone study?
  6. @Rain-u5m: Why they are not talking about the pesticides and herbicide on plant and fruits
  7. @uniquexslayer: the fact is that plant based diets are horrible and wont even make you live to 100.
  8. @dragonkitigan9147: Note to self: never ever waste your time listening to this ‘doctor’ again. And this is coming from a big meat eater. Ugh. What a waste of time with this blithering idiot.
  9. @dragonkitigan9147: For the moment I’m mostly carno, but the gynaecologist has to be one of the worst advocates for a carno lifestyle I’ve ever heard. That he blames plants and completely bypasses processed foods and pretends not to know what is meant by that is infuriating. Fake foods in boxes, like cereals and ‘cookies’ are killing us. 80% of what is sold in grocery stores are frankly fake foods. I never felt worse than when I was a vegetarian or vegan, but had my diet been mostly processed fake foods in boxes, I know I’d have felt even worse on those fake foods than I did when I was veg/vegan. 
My ancestors survived on mostly high fat meat or only meat and had perfect teeth. But India is full of elderly vegetarians. So even though I’m mostly carno atm, I’ll go back to a ketogenic diet when I’m ready, but for those who say carno is for everyone, which I know this infuriating doctor isn’t saying, explain the millions of elderly vegetarians in India if plants are such ‘killers’ of humans? I wouldn’t be able to handle that kind of diet, but if plants are such ‘killers’, explain all the vegetarians in India to me? Vegetarianism isn’t for me, but how do we know that different populations didn’t evolve to be healthy on the foods available based on where they live?
  10. @paulcesare7900: I agree with Dr. K questioning why diseases in the richest, most abundant countries in the world are going up at alarming rates. Dr. K wasn’t pushing the carnivore diet on anyone. For me, he spurred openness in questioning certain nutritional dogma. I admire him for doing this!
  11. @juratezubinas2443: I learned that both diets are good as I tried both…..but do great on real fat and protein and cooked vegetables.
  12. @DavidCote333: If he treats the individual, does he recommend unique diets to each person? Or is it the same thing every time?
  13. @garysheriff3398: I did whole food plant based and it almost killed me. Went carnivore and it saved my life. Eat what works for you. The proof is in your health.
  14. @DavidCote333: How can you name all sorts of medical things and how certain foods affect the body but then not know what a polyunsaturated fat is?
  15. @Crysoprase7th3871: Plants are not as great as we have been made to believe. I got sick on a plant based diet. My health is being recovered by a meat based diet. I thank God that I discovered carnivore.
  16. @harper-nicoleanderson7622: LOL he doesn't know what healthy fats are ???????????????????????????
  17. @freiagalacar5786: I actually liked the way Dr. Kiltz expressed his ideas, he was very respectful and tactful. Simon seemed very defensive. Personally I prefer a pescatarian diet, but he does seem to make a lot of interesting points. Also I think the reason why his clients might have increased fertility on a carnivore diet is because too much fiber can reduce estrogen and nutrient absorption, while fat helps make hormones.
  18. @cathrinegustavsson9775: I'm just sharing a story in life 😂 I'm a scientist but science is confusing ? And the Mediterranean diet is not low in fat by the way , the Sicilian centenarians drench everything in olive oil !!! I think all these carnivores with all these health benefits where on a terrible ultra processed foods , so of course when they go on a carnivore diet which is basically an elimination diet ,they will loose weight and get health benefits . And his ridiculous claim that from the day we are born our guts are filled with plants ?? No in today's society it's filled with junk food 😅
This guy doesn't even know what polyunsaturated fats are , but everything is a story ? This guy is a bumbling fool .
  19. @Lonestarlisa: As a carnivore advocate, I have to say Dr K monopolized the "discussion".  The other guy was extremely patient!
  20. @jdlc903: 35:44  thats interest, i dont have a position ,but thats the opposite take on whether quality of protein matters( plant  source or animal)
48:03 what about skinny ppl with bad health

- Keto Side Effects Tell Deeper Story - Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys I'm back in this video we're gonna talk about keto side effects and how they can reveal a deeper story of what's going on the body Kino and intermittent fasting magnify subclinical deficiencies so let's say you're going into keto or doing in a minute fasting and you already have some nutritional deficiencies well everything's gonna be magnified because when you dookied out the demand for certain nutrients goes up so what we want to do is use the symptoms to reveal the deeper problem ok so let's say for example you have nausea okay your nauseating that's gallbladder so you may want to look into other issues that can occur with a gallbladder problem not just a stone but just like a bile deficiency you can start showing signs of deficiency in vitamin A with your vision at night when you're driving a vitamin e k2 vitamin D low and that could happen because you have a fatty liver so there's a huge connection between fatty liver and gallbladder problem ok so again you want to use this as a clue to kind of pull the string to see if there's something deeper ok fatigue is usually a low vitamin b1 thiamine and low magnesium these two nutrients act as a spark plug in your mitochondria so they help the energy production so over time if you continue this plan with these deficiencies and you continue to have fatigue chances are you'll quit when the simple solution is supply nutritional yeast or more vegetables to satisfy these two things and get your energy back quick alright so let's say for example you have keto flu well if you don't know that keto flu is a decrease in salt or a sodium deficiency and let's say for example you take more potassium okay which is the opposing mineral you'll exaggerate the symptoms of this deficiency you'll make it worse so you have to kind of know what this symptom means when you're doing keto and I F let's say you're bloating one possible reason is because you have SIBO small intestinal bacterial overgrowth where the microbes are growing in the wrong place in the small intestine and the more vegetables that you add to the and the more probiotics the worse it becomes which you need when you have SIBO is decrease the vegetables don't take any probiotics and definitely don't take any per minted products because they have prebiotics and probiotics together and then you have to increase the acidity of your stomach obtained how to chloride or outside a vinegar take herbal antibiotics like oregano garlic for about a month to handle this all right so the next one gout symptoms let's say your big toe hurts so that means you have too much uric acid well uric acid is a byproduct of protein so if you're taking too much protein on this plant and you get gout and all of a sudden you get on medication you cover up the symptom but you never lessen your protein you can create other issues like it increased a pneumonia which can lead to all sorts of toxicity all right so let's say you have dark urine what does that usually mean you dehydrated you just need to increase your fluids add some electrolytes to it and that will help as well let's say you get a rash Kito rash potentially that could be a low b3 I recently did a video on sub clinical pellagra which is some of the symptoms of vitamin b3 which is a rash around your neck or the hands potentially you could have this and you go to the doctor and they start taking all sorts of creams prednisone cream which is cortisol and then create all sorts of side effects from there so it's good to know what causes what let's say you start getting cramps usually that's low magnesium and low potassium now if you don't supply those minerals back into the body over time you potentially could develop arrhythmias of the heart atrial fibrillation and a lot of other issues because you need these minerals for proper relaxation and contraction of your muscles let's say for example you do keto and you get bleeding gums well it could be you're consuming no vegetables okay and you're doing food that has no vitamin C let's say you're just doing chicken breast or something like that and because you don't have the vitamin C you develop what's called a subclinical scurvy which is a vitamin C deficiency and bleeding gums is one of the symptoms so there's a lot of other issue that can occur with vitamin C deficiencies so this clue will immediately tell you you need to beef up your vegetables no pun intended alright guys thanks for watching I'll see in the next video so to prevent me from running at a Content I have a new survey I want to find out what you are interested in so please fill it out the links down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @nelliess [4 likes]: Everytime I eat too many raw veggies or even salad I would either feel super sick or throw up. This past week I've been recovering my stomach after eating a good sized salad 2 days in a row. My stomach is having a hard time healing. Thanks for all the information! This really helped. I'll definitely be taking your advice!
  2. @angelam.8939 [1 likes]: Hello Dr! Love your vids! I went into ketosis yesterday- this is not my first time but it’s been a while. I noticed a headache (similar to when I give up caffeine) when I went to sleep but went to sleep anyway. I woke up nauseous and my heart fluttered, then full sweats all at once, and started throwing up. It’s very unusual, as I am super healthy, in my 30s. I’m wondering if I was low on Electrolytes? Or any specific vitamins?? I do not drink alcohol for many years now and I stay away from trans fat and I don’t take any synthetic prescriptions etc. so my liver should be fine. Curious if you’ve heard of these symptoms before?
  3. @leesawilson-townes1691 [1 likes]: Hello Dr Berg... I’ve been doing low carb and intermittent fasting for 10 months (18:6). I have no Thyroid, no Gall Bladder and have loss 50 pounds. For the last past 2 months I’ve been eating steak everyday, considering the absence of my Gall bladder and Thyroid ....Is this way of eating healthy?
  4. @awhappy [1 likes]: It’s my second day of sugar withdrawal. I didn’t take rice (carbs). Just veggies, fish and chicken. I had severe headache last night and vomited two times today. I barely vomit in the past year. Just want to check if it is normal.
  5. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  6. @jqyhlmnp: Unironically the best video ever. If people understood these symptoms, no more s.a.d. and Mediterranean diets
  7. @nancypenner4179: I feel like morning sickness has hit me when I am on keto, and I love my potatoes and noodles, so it's easy to just forget it, except when I think of my weight. But l want to loose weight, about 70-75lbs. Can't seem to do it.
  8. @lezleyd55: Wow. Get out of my head.
  9. @CM-eg2hf: What if I don’t have a gallbladder 😩😩😅
  10. @RasMonroe: What about burping ??
  11. @katesmith8424: Very helpful. I'm also wondering about light headedness/vertigo when trying to start Keto...??
  12. @coppermoth6069: So if someone is on Keto and trying to treat Sibo and can’t eat carbs or vegetables or fruit or dairy or anything fermented… what do they eat?!
  13. @mangulu_creation: Hello
  14. @myself.undecidedyet6226: V. B1, Mg, SIBO, Moderate protein, potassium, Water, V. B3, V. C.
  15. @michelleday5045: What do I do for the nausea?
Take vit D??
  16. @Khushi....wthqthwu2ksg: What is the solution for all these problems
  17. @maniok1977: First time on keto was horrible. This time I feel mostly nausea and some headache.
  18. @divasvlogketomate212: I am on the keto diet, but why do I feel like throwing up when ever I am eating this is my second week on the keto diet I have past the flu, and I lost 5kg in one week but I just can't eat..when I think of food I would feel like throwing up...I need help I may not eat on this diet any solution?
  19. @minaattari3552: 👍
  20. @125hana: Dr  Berg Is a national treasure!

- Is the Keto Diet Killing You? Dr. McDougall Reveals the Truth!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I've been involved with the keto diets ever since I started my interest in medicine because after all back then in the late 60s early 70s Robert Atkins ruled you know Robert at is the most important person when it comes to low carb diets Robert Atkins was known as the guy who recommended bacon butter and cheese Robert Atkins is also a guy who suffered from significant atherosclerosis you know it's it's not a healthy diet say the least scientific research is so overwhelming they had a diet of meat even poultry and fish a diet that's deficient in Plants a diet high in fat is a dangerous diet you know heart disease diabetes various kinds of cancers and so on it just would fill a library the information that condemned the Atkins diet in fact I had Robert Atkins on my radio show one time twice I had him on my radio show I believe one of the interviews is still up on our website and I asked him I said you Dr Atkins you're saying that your diet does the same that the diet I recommend does and that's to lower the blood sugar cause people to lose weight etc etc I said but there a couple of things that we both agree on I said one is is that your diet makes everybody constipated or at least 70% of the people constipated like you report in the research and everybody all doctors that I'm aware of condemn what you suggest a lot of doctors my colleagues have jumped on board on these low carb diets but they have on one hand all the bulk of the literature that says the very things recommended by Atkins bacon butter and cheese and other animal foods will make you sick so they have this particular dichotomy out here and they had to figure out what to do to answer to the public when they ask well how can you say sell such a dangerous diet to the public they said well we're going to compensate for it and the way we're going to compensate for it is we're going to still make a low carb but we're going to serve a lot more fat and a lot of plant foods that are low carb and these low carb plant foods are your high fat plant foods like your nuts and seeds and avocados that would be lowfat also they serve you know part of this Camp serves fake food and so they feed foods that look like the previous animal products they used to eat like for example they have fake burgers made of soy fake hot dogs made of soy where 70% of the calories are from protein and that's low carb and then you have the fake cheeses which are 90% fat that's low carb you know so they've tried to acquas to the bulk of the scientific literature that says the aten diet kills people in fact subsequent scientific research absolutely proved has proven multiple studies and review studies absolutely proven that if you eat these low carb diets you have an increased risk of dying increased risk of heart attacks heart surgeries Etc the evidence is beyond any question that these are dangerous diets but they keep focusing on think that people know are true and important that's the way that Liars Act is they give you a little bit of Truth to make you think that they're they've got a positive honest message and they've really looked into it but they just give you a little truth to take you off guard is what they do and you fall into the rest to the propaganda anyway they're not healthy diet you can't compensate taking a high fat low carb dairy or meat product and turn it into health food by putting a side of carrots off to the side not going to do it

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomashugus5686 [31 likes]: Very low carb keto for 2 years! MI resulting in 2 stents. For me keto sucked!
  2. @Peace0719PP [30 likes]: I miss you Dr. McDougall! I'm so happy you left this valuable information for us! ❤❤❤
  3. @Alessandro-1977 [18 likes]: Btw, contrary to many beliefs, a keto diet doesn' make you lose weight faster. You simply lose glycogen and the water (a lot...) bonded to it, no way you lose more fat than a plant-based or healthy omminvore diet (for the same calories deficit)
  4. @jami29841 [17 likes]: Keto, the so- called healing diet messed up my liver.
  5. @barbarawilliamsz [14 likes]: Excellent review by an old friend.
  6. @debsmith8102 [14 likes]: You should release his autopsy report. Talk about “truth”
  7. @bluegirl4079 [8 likes]: I tried a Keto diet for one month and GAINED 3 lbs.  Maybe I didn't give it a long enough chance, but I decided it wasn't for me.
  8. @eppyz [8 likes]: My Father who is in his 70's and was over 100lbs overweight has lost 62 lbs on a Keto based diet.  He is being monitored by a Cardiologist, and once he gets to the weight goal, he will be weaned off Keto and transition into a slightly different diet.  Keto if I am not mistaken was originally developed for people with epilepsy.  Being in "Ketosis" is a medical condition.  So if your going to do Keto, please be under a Dr's care while doing so.  BUT with all that said, the Dieto DOES work.  I am trying very hard for my Parents to transition to a whole food plant based diet for years, I was on a whole food plant based diet for 5 yrs, and honestly was so sick and tired of veggies looking at them made me nauseous.  So I now include chicken and as little dair as possible.  I do believe the whole food plant based is a very good diet, if you can tolerate the veggies ( have issues with Broccoli, Cauliflower, and some legumes) and don't mind eating the same things over and over and over and over and over.  I also noticed some recipes have ingredients that I have never heard of, like certain spices and veggies that I couldn't even find in my local Grocery Store.  So just do what you feel you can tolerate.  Dr McDougall will be missed.  He was definitely a man ahead of his time. 🙏
  9. @gebhardlong6556 [7 likes]: take this off....clearly the McDougall diet did not work for McDougall
  10. @MyLivingJournal [4 likes]: I had tried diets all my life but keto really works the best for me. The weight just falls off of me. I am in my 60's & could never lose weight on veggies. I am still not a big meat eater. I dont like meat that much.
  11. @djdeksnshcicbir [3 likes]: Thanks  help me and my family plant base because  of you
  12. @mattdonalds9996 [3 likes]: But what about vegan keto?
  13. @aboutsupplies [2 likes]: Note he doesn't give his source of Atkins having plaque and stiffening of the arteries.

A doctor dealing in locker room gossip
then he points out he's the virtuous one...geez John,
get over your childish self.

Not exactly holding to high medical professional standards.
  14. @TrevorSmith-z7q [1 likes]: Horrible, dietary quack who also took the injections in 2021.   Really no hope for those so brainwashed.   77 is no great age these days; he looked and sounded terrible.    Also made false claims about the carnivorous Inuit being weak and short-lived.
  15. @boskomule [1 likes]: a bit hypocritical to imply that atkins died of atherosclerosis but no cause of death has been released for dr mcdougall. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. wanting privacy is absolutely fine. but then don't throw cheap shots at others' cause of death while concealing dr McDougall's. he obviously died of something, everyone dies of something. atkins passed at 73, MacDougall at 77. not a world of difference.

this is obviously not addressed to John McDougall himself, may he rest in peace, but rather to the people behind this channel who uploaded this video 3 hours ago.
  16. @SeanHillofficial [1 likes]: 💯
  17. @CJ-lj9fb: What is ridiculous about this is that McDougall is totally lying about Doctor Atkins having  athersclerosis, his autopsy report revealed that was not true. Moreover Atkins was still very robust at the time of his tragic accident when he died and look how frail McDougall has become on his famous low protein high starch diet. This is a man who honestly can't see how his diet is killing him.

 Humans have eaten high-fat animal foods throughout human history it wasn't until they started eating man-made processed manufactured artificial foods and seed oils that they became so unhealthy so quit blaming meat for what processed plant foods has done.
 And the constipation myth is just that a myth there are plenty of people who eat absolutely nothing but meat and they poop just fine.
 If you have to live a lie to promote your program it's probably not a good program.
 There's plenty of solid research at places like Duke university with doctors Eric Westman and elsewhere with Stephen Finney and Jeff Vollock going back for 40 years showing how and low carbohydrate keto genetic diet creates optimal health.

- What is the Ketogenic Diet and How Does It Support Anti-Aging?: Ryan Lazarus, DC: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] another very important mechanism is ketosis has been shown to boost a very important master antioxidant and these are not antioxidants like taking in fruits or vegetables or even supplements these are antioxidants that are made in the body and there is a master antioxidant and we call it glutathione ketosis studies have shown that it up regulates ketone recycling and studies have demonstrated that ketosis will enhance modoch mitochondrial output as well as biogenesis what does that mean that means the little engines that process energy and all of us actually become more efficient and they actually grow so you have these very primitive mechanisms that protect us but do we utilize them well if you're not a fish and fat burner I would say no if you are a sugar burner we can improve and I'll tell you how we do that ketosis modifies genetic expression what does that mean it's essentially the difference between our genotype and our phenotype here's how it works we are given a blueprint by our mother and her father and that blueprint was once thought to be our genetic destiny but the recent research in epigenetics has shown that's not the case at all it's actually the opposite the environment plays more of a role than our genes so if we can change our environment in terms of the fuel what we put in our body how we move we can change the way our genes work so specifically there is a very important ketone body that we call beta hydroxy butyrate and this has been shown and researched exclusively trying to understand how it works in the body and how it deals with the aging and oxidation beta-hydroxybutyrate inhibits something called a class-one HDAC that is a histone deacetylation complex so these are very important mechanisms that hold and protect our DNA that's what histones are and if you can change or inhibit these hdacs or htx you can literally change the way the DNA works in the way it protects itself that's an amazing amazing conclusion this controls gene transcription and essentially your genetic expression you

  Top Comments:
  1. @arianasuzuki9774 [8 likes]: I believe it. His skin says it all.

- Is Low Carb an "Anti-Aging" Diet?: Kind: captions Language: en can a keto or low carb diet help you age better absolutely if it's based on Whole Foods and meats to your essential nutrition needs I'm low carb dietitian Francisca spritzler and today I'll explain how eating a keto or low carb diet can promote optimal aging inside and out and I'll also share a few foods that have research supporting their health benefits first I just want to say that I'm not a huge fan of the term anti-aging because it makes me think of overpriced skin treatments I really prefer healthy aging which doesn't mean we're against aging but that we just want to have a higher quality of life as we grow older second a keto or low carb diet isn't a fad diet it's a lifestyle that can be followed indefinitely I started eating low carb back in 2011 when I was 44 and I'm 56 now so I've been eating low carb for 12 years and I have no plans to stop plus I know many other healthy people who have been eating keto or low carb for longer than I have in some cases much longer for example Dr Richard Bernstein or as he is affectionately known to his thousands of fans around the world Dr B of course many factors influence how we age including our genetics medical conditions stress sleep and others but I believe that a nutritious keto or low carb diet can help promote healthy aging especially in people who have diabetes or metabolic issues and it's never too early or too late to start making dietary changes here are four healthy aging benefits of Keto and low carb elevated blood sugar levels accelerate the aging process most people who have diabetes end up living fewer functional years due to blood vessel and organ damage caused by years of uncontrolled blood sugar in multiple clinical trials very low carb diets have been shown to dramatically reduce blood glucose and insulin levels in people with type 2 diabetes and low carb can help improve long-term Health in those with type 1 diabetes as well in a 2018 study of over 300 people with type 1 diabetes the majority reported that they maintained normal blood sugar levels by following a very low carb diet based on Dr Bernstein's recommendations chronic inflammation is common during the aging process studies suggest that ketones have anti-inflammatory effects throughout the body including the brain in fact ketogenic diets have been described as being both anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective meaning they help protect the brain and nervous system from damage to learn much more about how to keep your brain healthy including during the aging process I highly recommend Dr Chris Palmer's book Brain energy I'll link to it in the description below one of the leading contributors to the aging process is the formation of advanced glycation and products or ages glycation occurs when sugars like glucose react with proteins lipids and nucleic acid in your body glycation can damage blood vessels skin tendons and other tissues although ages occur in everyone and can't be prevented high levels are problematic studies show that excessive formation of Ages in the body can speed up the aging process and also contribute to diabetes heart disease and other chronic conditions high blood sugar levels encourage the formation of Ages so eating a keto or low carb diet can help by keeping blood sugar well controlled long term a major contributor to loss of mobility and functionality in older adults is loss of muscle and bone which speeds up dramatically after age 50. when combined with resistance exercise a protein-rich low carb diet may help prevent muscle and bone loss in our later years Health vitality and quality of life are all much more important than our looks but I would like to talk about the potential skin benefits of a low carb lifestyle your skin is your body's largest organ and although its appearance doesn't always reflect what's going on inside there is a correlation between skin health and overall health skin aging is influenced by the same factors that influence overall aging along with sun exposure and once again nutrition plays a major role sub-optimal intake of protein essential fatty acids vitamins and minerals can cause your skin to look old before its time and high levels of those Advanced glycation end products or ages that I talked about earlier have been linked to premature skin Aging in several studies in addition to your body producing ages they're also found in food and some foods have very high levels of Ages these include baked goods like pastries and donuts battered and deep fried foods like french fries and highly processed foods like chips and unfortunately grilled meat which I love is also high in ages I am not about to give up eating grilled meat and I'm not suggesting that you do either but maybe consider switching it up with some meat cooked at lower temperatures rather than having grilled meat every single day back in 2015 I published a book called the low carb dietitian's guide to Health and Beauty in one chapter entitled low carb Beauty Foods I listed 10 foods that were linked to better skin and improved health and I cited references to support my claims but unfortunately some of the research was based on pre-clinical studies meaning studies and test tubes or animals which isn't considered strong evidence like clinical trials in humans now there's nothing wrong with eating nutritious low-carb foods like olive oil and olives full fat Greek yogurt and berries in fact I eat them all the time there's no denying that they're good for you but whether they actually improve the appearance of aging skin hasn't been proven quite yet the truth is researchers rarely studied the effects of specific Foods on health and even less often when it comes to the effects of specific Foods on skin aging but I'm going to share four of the foods from my original list plus a new one that do have some high quality evidence supporting their effects on healthy aging inside and out avocados are rich in healthy fat potassium and fiber research shows that avocado May improve your lipid profile decrease oxidation of LDL cholesterol and improve the elasticity and firmness of your skin fatty fish like salmon sardines and Herring are rich in protein omega-3 fats vitamin D and many minerals including selenium studies show that eating fatty fish May improve blood vessel function reduce some risk factors for heart disease and increase facial skin elasticity dark chocolate and cocoa are high in antioxidants called flavonols as well as magnesium studies show that consuming cocoa or dark chocolate with at least 85 percent cacao can improve insulin sensitivity decrease inflammation and help protect your skin from sun damage nuts and seeds contain healthy fats magnesium and fiber studies show that eating nuts and seeds May improve your lipid profile decrease inflammatory markers and reduce skin wrinkling and pigmentation but so far only almonds and flaxseed have been tested for their effects on skin in high quality human trials collagen is 100 protein although it's considered incomplete protein because it lacks the essential amino acid tryptophan collagen is made from the bones cartilage and skin of meat or fish and of all the foods that I'm talking about today it has by far the most high quality scientific evidence supporting its effects on skin aging and it may have some other health benefits as well studies show that taking collagen peptides can reduce joint pain help prevent further bone loss in women with osteopenia and decrease skin wrinkling while increasing hydration and elasticity so I encourage you to include one two or all five of these Foods in your keto or low carb diet if you like them they may very well provide some specific benefits for your health and your skin but your overall diet matters a lot more than any one specific food so for healthy aging I feel that the three most important things you can do nutritionally are to one get adequate protein and other essential nutrients two keep your blood sugar well controlled and three eat keto or low carb or at least avoid excess carbs sugar and other highly processed foods what do you think about my advice for healthy aging please ask any questions or share your own experience with keto or low carb in the comments thanks so much for watching and for liking subscribing and sharing I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Enoch828 [2 likes]: I started keto/low carb 13 months ago at age 66 and have lost 50lbs and greatly improved my blood values.  Do you have any advice on how to locate a local doctor that is sympathetic, not hostile to this life style?
  2. @mirror-reflection [2 likes]: I've been finding this out for myself these past few months as I've been reducing my dietary carb intake.  Decided that most of my carbs are not very nutrient-dense anyway, so why am I eating so much of it?  Shifted to a primarily organic diet also, and found a big increase in energy!
  3. @Sophie-xy1jd [2 likes]: Great video. Yay for avocadoes. Dr, Bernstein's my hero. Encourage everyone to get your book,
  4. @mickiegibbs3216 [2 likes]: You are a great example of the healthy aging benefits of a low carb diet! Hope you're doing well!
  5. @diavergediabetes [1 likes]: Great video, Franziska! 💪Thanks for the shout out to both Dr. Richard K. Bernstein and Dr. Chris Palmer. We're sharing this video now.
  6. @luckyhanger1326 [1 likes]: have you had any blood work done?  Kidney function, liver function, lipid panel with APO(b)?  You look great, how do you look on the inside?  🙂
  7. @Poecilia1963: What is the best way to get more collagen? Thank you.
  8. @pontocinza: My wife and I prefer cooked meat or roast meat. Roast meat is to be considered better than grilled meat?
  9. @karenloudon7022: I have such sore joints and know I have inflammation from sugar but keto sounds extreme and I try to stay away from extreme. How many carbs per day ? And how do you feel about IF ?

- What are the long term keto side effects ?  - Q&A With Dr Anna: Kind: captions Language: en i often get asked are there long-term effects of keto can i stay on it forever [Music] a very common question let me tell you this is something that i've dealt with over and over again and what i really believe is that there is a time i say my plan is keto green so a healthy keto diet with healthy fats like you know you know grass-fed bison and beef uh wild caught fish healthy oils avocado olive oils nuts and seeds and lots of microgreens like broccoli sprouts cabbage cauliflower broccoli good micronutrients to help support your body's detoxification of toxic estrogens and other hormones so that ketogreen lifestyle can truly be beneficial and i say that should be eighty percent of what we do the other 10 we can feast and the other 10 can be reserved for fasting extended fasting and all its health benefits so i call it the 1080 10 approach 10 fasting 80 ketogreen 10 feasting and that's when we the feasting is when we carve up but with healthy foods and as you practice this lifestyle over time you will see time and time again how much better you feel how much more balanced you are and another topic to cover on this is that many people are doing keto but they're never testing and if you're not testing you're guessing there are three key ways that we test for ketones to see if our body is in ketosis the simplest of which that i recommend and do regularly is checking urinary ketones and i check urine ph and ketones with a combined strip called ketoph strips so check your ketones and see urinary ketones are really accurate the only time they become inaccurate is if you've been in ketosis for a long time that we don't see them the ketones any longer in your urine and this is very rare i've had a couple clients over the past six years that had been in extended ketosis for over two months and we didn't pick up their urinary ketones now i've never gotten to that state because i also love that feasting so urinary ketone testing is very easy and very reliable there's breath ketones as well as the gold standard is blood ketone measurement so test don't guess figure that out watch what your body's doing and trust the process being in a keto green state going into ketosis is not just a good idea especially for women over four and certainly post menopause i consider it mandatory for brain health blood sugar control to be the best first line of defense to fight against cancer i know you'll love it i do i've been doing it now for over six years you

- Negative Effects of the Ketogenic Diet (Pros and Cons): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys this is dr. Scott grace from total gut transformation calm the ketogenic diet has become one of the most popular fad diets in the world today a ketogenic diet is one that severely restricts carbohydrates so that your body can take fat and your liver converts those fat that fatty acid into what's called ketones to provide a source of fuel for your body instead of the carbohydrates that you normally consume and the ketogenic diet has been associated with all kinds of positive benefits and it's especially noteworthy to point out that the ketogenic diet has been very helpful with a lot of brain conditions like epilepsy brain cancer and other things of this nature a lot of people have seen some pretty incredible benefits doing the ketogenic diet and so I wanted to talk a little bit more about this and what I see about the ketogenic diet from a Chinese perspective here's my take on the ketogenic diet I am NOT a huge fan of it and we'll get into those reasons in just a moment but the ketogenic diet has seen a massive increase in popularity specifically due to how people have vilified or made carbohydrates bad and the reason for this is because the carbohydrates that most Americans consume in their diet today are actually very bad we're talking about weight and also refined sugar those contribute rampantly disease to disease and especially type 2 diabetes but when you remove good carbohydrates from the diet you're eventually going to see some imbalance so good carbohydrates are fruits vegetables and tubers and when we start to remove them you eventually are going to start to see some imbalance going on because some of the most nutrient-dense foods on the planet are fruits and I don't think that fruit should be vilified at all Chinese medicine is about balance and when remove a macronutrient like carbohydrates from the diet eventually you're going to start seeing imbalance when you start looking at Blue Zones which is a place where you find a concentration of people that live to be over a hundred years old and you also look at the last couple thousand years of Chinese medical history in terms of what people have consumed you'll find that 65 percent or sometimes even more of the population was consuming good clean carbohydrates so vegetables fruits and of course your tubers grains and stuff like this when you look at the ancient Chinese texts they talked about not only having too many carbohydrates but another thing that they talked about that produces what we call dampness in the body and dampness is basically just this concept where if you have too much of certain kinds of foods it contributes to things slowing down and stagnating in the body and that creates disease and health problems but one of the other things that really does contribute to dampness that they note in all of the ancient Chinese texts is eating too much fat they called this rich foods in Chinese medicine and so carbohydrates bad ones put a very excessive strain on the pancreas whereas eating a lot of fat puts a lot of strain on the liver and the liver of the average person in society today is so damaged to begin with because of all the heavy metals and heavy chemicals that are in the world and the widespread nutritional deficiencies that people have so dumping on lots of fat even if they're healthy kinds of fat from nuts and seeds and things like this it's going to eventually burden the liver and the liver is going to have to produce more bile in order to emulsify or deal with the fat they're consuming and I have seen this cause major metabolic problems with people in the clinic have people seen benefits from doing the ketogenic diet absolutely there is no question when you cut out carbohydrates especially all the bad ones and you start adding in good sources of fat you can definitely see some pretty significant shifts in the body but I have noted a lot of cases in the clinic where if people's livers are really overburdened they're just not going to be able to handle this and it's me it happens more frequently than you would think so if you want to do a good clean ketogenic diet but I don't think that this diet is sustainable and that's why it's a diet because diets are usually things that people stop and then start so if you want to do it give it a try but in my professional opinion I don't think that the ketogenic diet is sustainable the most nutrient-dense life-giving foods in the planet are arguably vegetables and fruits and you don't want to cut fruits out of your diet for a long period of time because you're gonna miss out on the benefits of having those in your diet a lot of people in our world today vehement ly defend the ketogenic diet because they've seen such tremendous results from that and I say if you've seen tremendous results from it that's fantastic I've just talked about some of the red flags that I typically see in the clinic with people who've come in with the strain that that diet has put on them so try to be flexible be open and if this is something that really benefitted you that's fantastic it's just not something that I recommend long-term for people in the clinic so I'm really passionate about helping people to heal their digestive system and their gut and I've created a three-part video series that's absolutely free that you can watch about how to heal your own digestive system so if you're interested in that go to total gut transformation dot-com forward slash free and all you have to do is input your first name and your email address and we will go ahead and send that out to you right away if you've liked this video please go ahead and like it and share it with your friends and also subscribe to our Channel thanks so much for watching and I hope you have an awesome day

- Does Keto Help You Live Longer or Die Sooner  The Science Explained by a Doctor: Kind: captions Language: en Does a ketogenic diet help you live longer, or could it actually shorten your life? There is something almost compelling about keto when you first try it. Within days, sometimes within a single week, the scale starts moving. Clothes fit differently. Blood sugar readings flatten out. That persistent afternoon hunger disappears. For many people who have struggled with weight or blood sugar control for years, it genuinely feels like a solution. And in many ways, the short-term improvements are real. Triglycerides fall. Glucose becomes more stable. Visceral fat starts to decrease. These are markers we associate with better metabolic health and longer life. But here is where it gets complicated. In some people, not all, but a meaningful proportion, keto does something else. It sends LDL cholesterol climbing, sometimes dramatically. And now you have a situation where some of your health markers are improving while another one, which matters enormously for long-term cardiovascular risk, is moving in the wrong direction. You can feel great, look leaner, have better glucose control, all while potentially accelerating the silent process that leads to heart attacks decades later. This is the keto paradox, and it is worth understanding honestly. My name is Dr. Victor Hayes. Today I want to cut through the noise and give you a genuinely useful answer to whether keto supports longevity, who it is likely to help, who it might harm, and how to use it in a way that does not trade short-term gains for long-term risk. Before anything else, let me clarify my definitions. When I say ketogenic diet, I mean a very low carbohydrate approach, typically 20 to 50 g of carbohydrate per day, restrictive enough to push your body into ketosis, where measurable ketone bodies are being produced as an alternative fuel source. Low-carb diets broadly are a different category. You can reduce carbohydrates significantly without entering ketosis, and the outcomes can differ substantially. Many studies labeled as low-carb research are not actually testing ketogenic diets. The distinction matters when interpreting cholesterol data. Second clarification, longevity is not about the label you attach to your diet. What determines whether you live longer and avoid chronic disease is what happens to your measurable risk factors across decades. What are those risk factors? Body composition, particularly visceral fat, blood pressure, glycemic control and insulin sensitivity, apoB, your atherogenic particle count, which predicts cardiovascular risk more accurately than LDL cholesterol alone, fitness, your cardiovascular capacity and muscular strength, both of which are independent longevity predictors, and diet quality and adherence, whether you are meeting fiber and micronutrient needs, and whether you can sustain this approach for years. These are the six categories that matter for longevity. Any diet has to be evaluated against all six, not just how it makes you feel in the first 6 weeks. What does keto do well? The short-term benefits show up consistently in the research. Weight loss and appetite control are often substantial. Ketones themselves appear to have appetite-suppressing effects. Protein intake typically increases, which promotes satiety. Blood sugar swings are minimized. People who have struggled for years with persistent hunger often find keto remarkably manageable. Triglycerides fall on keto, often meaningfully. High triglycerides reflect metabolic dysfunction and cardiovascular risk. Seeing them fall is a genuine positive signal. Glycemic markers improve, particularly in people with insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes. When you remove most dietary carbohydrates, blood sugar naturally stabilizes. For someone with years of poor glucose control, this shift can be genuinely important. Blood pressure often improves as well, though this appears to be primarily a consequence of weight loss rather than ketosis itself. These changes taken together explain why keto feels transformative to some people. Multiple risk factors improving simultaneously within weeks. The question is whether those improvements translate into longer life. And this is where it becomes genuinely complicated. While keto improves glucose, triglycerides, and body composition, it can, in a meaningful subset of people, dramatically increase LDL cholesterol and apoB. And this is not a minor footnote. This is the single most important long-term cardiovascular risk factor. Atherosclerosis, the gradual buildup of plaque inside arterial walls, is the process that leads to most heart attacks and strokes. The driving force behind plaque formation is the retention of apoB-containing lipoproteins in arterial walls. Higher apoB means more atherogenic particles circulating, which means greater cumulative plaque risk over years. LDL cholesterol is a reasonable proxy when apoB is not measured. Ketogenic diets, particularly those heavy in saturated fat from sources like butter, cream, and fatty red meat, can raise LDL substantially in some individuals. These are sometimes called hyper-responders. Their LDL might climb from an acceptable level to a high-risk level within months of starting keto. Not everyone responds this way. Some people's LDL barely moves or even improves, but you cannot know which group you belong to without measuring it. If keto improves your glucose and triglycerides, but significantly elevates your apoB, you have not found a longevity diet. You have found a tradeoff. You are potentially improving one set of risk factors while worsening the one that matters most for cardiovascular outcomes over the long term. The mortality data for keto specifically is limited and messy. Observational studies struggle to distinguish true ketogenic diets from moderate carb restriction, rely on unreliable dietary recall methods, and involve significant confounding. We do not have long-term randomized control trials assessing keto and mortality. What we do have is strong evidence for how specific biomarkers affect long-term outcomes. And if apoB or LDL climbs sharply on keto and stays elevated for years, that represents meaningfully increased cardiovascular risk regardless of what your diet is called. In the absence of definitive mortality data, the rational approach is to focus on the biomarkers we know predict outcomes and monitor them carefully. Who is most likely to benefit from keto? People with significant insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, high triglycerides, fatty liver, tend to show the most meaningful improvements. If your glucose regulation is genuinely impaired and your body is struggling with carbohydrates, removing most carbohydrates can produce rapid, clinically significant metabolic changes. For this group, keto can be a powerful intervention, particularly with medical supervision. People who respond well to clear dietary rules also tend to do well on keto. The simplicity of eliminating carbohydrates can be easier to follow than vague moderation guidance that requires constant decision-making. Who should be cautious? Anyone with known cardiovascular disease or already elevated LDL or apoB needs to be very careful. Keto could make things worse. People with a history of eating disorders should generally avoid highly restrictive dietary approaches. Pregnant or breastfeeding women, children, and adolescents have specific nutritional requirements that make very low-carbohydrate eating inappropriate without specialist guidance. People on diabetes medications, particularly insulin or sulfonylureas, face genuine hypoglycemia risk if carbohydrate intake drops sharply without medication adjustment. This requires medical supervision. If keto makes sense for your situation, here is how to do it in a way that maximizes potential benefits while minimizing cardiovascular risk. Measure the right things before you start and again at 8 to 12 weeks. Check apoB or at minimum LDL, non-HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, HbA1c, and blood pressure. If LDL or apoB climbs significantly, you must either modify your approach or reconsider whether keto is right for you. Assuming your cholesterol is fine because you feel good is a mistake that can have serious long-term consequences. Build your fat intake around unsaturated sources. Olive oil, genuine extra-virgin olive oil, oily fish, nuts, and seeds rather than butter, bacon, and fatty cuts of red meat as your primary fat sources. Saturated fat is what tends to drive LDL elevation in susceptible individuals. You can achieve and maintain ketosis while eating predominantly unsaturated fats, and your cardiovascular risk profile will be substantially better as a result. This version of keto looks very different from the common stereotypes and aligns much more closely with what we know about vascular health. Do not confuse being in ketosis with being healthy. Ketosis is a metabolic state. It guarantees nothing about nutrient density, gut health, sleep quality, physical fitness, or longevity. You still need whole, nutrient-rich foods, regular exercise, stress management, and adequate sleep. Keto does not provide a free pass on any of those fundamentals. Consider cycling. For many people, keto works best as a phase rather than a lifelong commitment. 3 to 6 months to lose visceral fat, improve insulin sensitivity, and reset metabolic health, followed by a transition to a less restrictive, more sustainable long-term eating pattern that maintains your improved biomarkers. There is no requirement to remain ketogenic indefinitely. The best long-term dietary approach is one you can sustain for years while keeping your risk markers in a favorable range. Here is the honest bottom line. If keto improves your weight, glucose, and triglycerides while your apoB and LDL remain favorable, it can be a useful tool, particularly if you are starting from a place of significant metabolic dysfunction. If it spikes your cardiovascular risk markers, it is not a longevity strategy. Longevity is not dramatic. It is not about finding the optimal diet protocol. It is about finding a way of eating you can sustain for a decade that keeps your biomarkers healthy, that you actually enjoy, and that allows you to live your life. Keto is a lever. The only question that matters is what it does to your risk profile. If you pull that lever, measure the results, adjust based on the biology, and do not let ideology override the evidence. If this was useful, please subscribe to this channel and share it with someone navigating these questions. I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @herbbowler2461 [2 likes]: Keto is a killer, not a life saver!

- Is Ketosis Safe For Long term? – Dr. Berg on Long term Keto Diet effects: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys Dr bur here in this video we're going to talk about is ketosis safe longterm okay that keeps coming up over and over and over again now if you take if you take a look at what ketosis is it's running your body on fat fuel okay not just dietary fat but your own fat so versus the regular way which is your running body on sugar or glucose now what do you think I mean it's just bizar to me that people think that ketosis or fat burning is dangerous compared what what do you think they're burning right now sugar burning sugar fuel sets you up for high insulin and out of all the illnesses or the diseases why people die heart disease Alzheimer's kidney problems uh cancer stroke all those are related to high insulin not ketones there's no bad thing about running your body in ketones it's actually the best fuel for the brain your brain will run on glucose but if you give it if you drop the glucose down and you run it on ketones which is the byproduct of fat burning it's a much cleaner fuel it's like running your body on electric fuel versus uh sugar which is a dirty fuel because you have the highs and lows of the blood sugar so your brain loves the ketones and that's why they use ketosis in a lot of uh problems with um um like epileptic seizures things like that for kids uh because the brain chills out when you actually feed it that in fact all the people that just just have better thinking concentration focus when they go on a ketosis diet and especially longterm okay not a short-term thing there is no long-term uh negative thing about ketosis at all okay we'll cover each point um in fact it's one of the original fuels our bodies ran on on fat in the way back you know in the in the caveman days because if you think about sugar the introduction of sugar in the last 100 years it's like what 140 nine pounds of sugar per person consumed right now I mean that's insane so um sugar fuel is created more problems than anything especially with belly fat so essential fatty acids okay so when you're running your body on ketones you're running body on fat um the fat is not just used for fuel it's used to replace body parts cellular membranes brain nerve tissue hormones are all made from fat fat C vitamins are made from fat there is no essential carbohy hydrates that you need there's no essential glucose people think that well that's how you get energy well you can get a lot more energy from ketones a lot more efficient energy what's the number one symptom a diabetic complains of fatigue after eating because the the high sugar just puts you asleep and it puts the brain to sleep it causes Alzheimer's it messes with your your focus um so you really don't need carbs now you need vegetable carbohydrates for the vitamins minerals and trace minerals for sure but the actual carbohydrate in there you don't need okay and it's a myth that um you know it's dangerous and it creates a uh ketogenic acidosis ketogenic acidosis is basically a condition where your pH is becoming more acidic from a diabetic type 1 situation where you have no more insulin you can't regulate it that's completely different doing a ketosis diet healthily okay you're not going to even get close to the amount of acids which is a byproduct um if you have any insulin at all which you which you do have it's not a problem so it this is not even a factor um in fact if you were a type 1 diabetic or type two this would be the best diet to put put on because what happens is the glucose that you're running on burns out the cells that make insulin okay next myth is the muscle loss that you would get on a ketogenic diet ketones do not equal muscle loss in fact when you do ketosis with intermittent fasting you increase the very hormone that preserves protein especially the muscle growth hormone so intermittent fasting increases growth hormone and so does the ketogenic diet if you're on the regular glucose uh diet or you're running on sugar fuel which everyone is doing you're going to raise insulin and in insulin will lower growth hormone and cause more muscle loss take a look at a diabetic or a pre-diabetic they're losing muscle tissue okay especially type one diabetics so we want to keep the insulin low um here's another myth ketones are dirty Sugar's clean no it's just the opposite ketones are clean and uh it's like running your body in sugar is like running your body on um diesel fuel it's dirty especially it gives a lot of byproducts in the whole met metabolic pathway some people say that ketogenic diets create deficiencies yes they do they do require different Machinery different nutrients different B vitamins uh more minerals okay but as long as you have enough vegetables and maybe you're adding more minerals potassium and B vitamins you're totally fine um I mean think about what happens when you're you're running your body on glucose you're depleting potassium you're depleting uh magnesium and you're depleting B vitamins and calcium when you eat sugar like incredible in fact when you have insulin resistance you don't the insulin doesn't pull in the amino acid or the potassium or the Magnesium anymore so really it's just the opposite uh glucose running your body glucose creates way more deficiencies and here's another point about raising cholesterol your body makes massive amounts of cholesterol every single day for a reason because it acts as a precursor for hormones it acts to help repair the tissue especially when you get older it's the building block for stress hormones especially and our bodies make the amount of cholesterol that would e equal one pound of better butter or 300 strips of bacon or 14 eggs a day so if cholesterol was so bad why does your body make so much so it's not true that ketosis will increase your cholesterol in fact what really makes cholesterol is the sugar in the refined glucose and the carbohydrates if you don't believe me go ahead and cut out the desserts cut out the sugar for one month recheck your cholesterol and your Tri triglycerides it'll come right down to normal then we have the kidney stones so people say oh yeah the ketogenic diet creates kidney stones if you're a vegan okay or you're running everybody on glucose you're running uh you're actually having more oxy Stones guess guess what foods are high in oxalates spinach beans grains chocolate and uh any any carbs that increase sugar or insulin will actually increase uric acid Stones so in reality ketogenic diet will protect you the only thing you need to do is you have to consume some lemon juice just to uh start to um help you balance that out a little bit more all right so I just wanted to cover some key points ketosis is is the only way to be healthy long term and I think you should uh learn about it get all the details do it healthily and add intermittent fasting add more vegetables and I think it's going to you're going to feel better and you're going to look better thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobCLynch [14 likes]: Ive just entered my 5th year of keto and intermittent fasting, and i only consume 2 meals per day. I never get hungry, nor do i need to snack. I am no longer a slave to food. I lost 103 pounds in my first 10 months and i reversed my prediabetes - plus i have my knee joints back. By the way, i have helped two people reverse prediabetes and a 3rd individual completely reverse type 2 diabetes.
I am happy to stay keto for life and here's why - Sugar causes inflammation and inflammation creates a perfect environment for cancer.
  2. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  3. @reallifecarnivore [1 likes]: What about GKI numbers?  3.0 and lower?  Is it safe to me in deeper states of ketosis for extended periods?  IE. Years?  There seems to be a lot of conflicting information around this that deeper states of ketosis are only “helpful” for healing those who are metabolically “sick” or for those with autoimmune conditions/disorders. Would love to know your thoughts!! Thank you
  4. @aaronginsberg5045 [1 likes]: This was great minus the "needing vitamins and minerals from vegetables". You can get all those nutrients from animal foods too.
  5. @DannyHaywood-ms3mr [1 likes]: Look we was born in a ketogenic state fact so yes it's safe long term
  6. @RobCLynch [1 likes]: I lost 103 pounds doing keto with intermittent fasting 18:6 within the first 10 months. I reversed prediabetes and got ALL of my hoints back. Im into my 5th year and i ain't going back.
  7. @josephrzeczycki8642 [1 likes]: IMHO this is the best, most important video Dr Berg has ever made. 
Ketosis diet has the power to make you thrive, and can manage or reverse some major illnesses.
  8. @SharkFishSF: I started discovering him during this time, the first good thing I tried was acv after seeing such videos.  What a decade❤❤❤❤
  9. @bigbirdwpg: According to Mercola, mayber not. He quotes studies that use rodents as subjects. DUH!
  10. @Johanna-qf1yx: But people are fruits and bread etc back in the day, so they did have sugar in that way. If we cut that off completely, isn’t that bad ? My insulin is 2.6 now.
  11. @timporter8886: Why do our bodies store fat? If we were supposed to burn sugar, wouldn't our bodies store that instead🤔?
  12. @mitrahuntley3115: Thank you Dr Berg for all the constructive info. 
I am 85 , been on strict Keto for 3 & half years… great results all around… recently keto rash is ruining life … I am taking your bile salt formula… I am 3 months  into this rash! Do you have any suggestions? Ok to shift to normal diet?
  13. @MellonHead609: Extremely interesting. Thank u for recommending this video on my comment on ur other video.  I’m really thinking of doing this for a month…
  14. @robertfallows3195: Results are the best endorsement.  I truly appreciate your generous knowledge and the extent of your videos. I am happier healthier than I ever have been since I was a kid. I can't repay you but with my thanks and aa like. May God bless you
  15. @yellowjoe.2000: Wrong wrong wrong. This can not be generally applied to everyone. What if a person is 12% bodyfat? He has no fat left to burn for fuel. Then he is purely on ketones and they is definitely dangerous for the long time.
  16. @motha-l4g: Dr Berg thank you so much for give us this new way to live, my wife and me have three years in keto, to be honest some cheating days ones in a while but back to keto , this is awesome, my blood pressure gets lower, my wife feels great, I lowered 70 pounds in the first year of keto, and keep the same weight until now… not enough words to say thank you…. Keep going my whole support in your fight to give us the best information about health ❤❤❤
  17. @GNU_Linux_for_good: I must disagree. The ketogenic diet long term is a fail. It works impressively for a few months, but then it clogs up your muscle and fat cell tissue, causing insulin resistance, the underlying illness for type II diabetes. Nobody in the keto-community can explain to me, why my blood glucose levels are completely out of wack, following a low-carb high fat regimen.
  18. @Dennis07-yl3cf: “Research” says this diet is not sustainable if you’re on the old age since it’s too much fat do we need to control the portions once we get to that age?
  19. @Iolo3: I can understand that "processed food" related carbs and sugars are unhealthy, but to claim that Fat based food source is better for the body is simply BIAS and wrong. Human anatomy and size was never meant to live purely on ketones. Just use common sense. Its only modern technology and farming that allows us to sustain a ketogenic diet long term. Do you people honestly think that this was sustainable 1000s of years ago? Most of humanity would have died of starvation long before now if they had been trying this.

This problem is not about carbs, but specifically unhealthy processed foods, added sugars and high carb intake diets of today's society. There is nothing wrong with carb based diets if this is only in moderation and based on whole foods. There are plenty of other animals on this planet that live fine on just carb based diets. Its only humans that suffer from them because they have started to replace whole foods with human processed rubbish
  20. @irislama4695: How do I start  shifting to this life style? How many carbs fat and protein per day?

- I Wanted to Quit Keto, Until I Fixed These 7 Things: Kind: captions Language: en what do you think I am a monster I think I've been doing keto for 11 years of course I got to a point where I was burnt out on it so I've got seven things that you can do to avoid the keto burnout to not be bored with keto anymore and not feel like ah just sick of fat I'm sick of protein and I want something different let's Dive In [Music] the first one is one is pretty simple challenge yourself with different forms of Keto you have to keep yourself like mentally stimulated but you also have to try different things that work for you if you're getting bored and burn out on keto maybe it's because you're not feeling as good on it as you used to so try something different you notice what I do on this channel all the time I do different experiments I've done plant-based keto vegan keto I've gone carnivore before I've done higher protein lower fat versions twist it up change it up even do some different cultural themes this is a really big one okay I've gone on stents where I really like to learn about how to do Asian cuisine on keto or Mexican cuisine on keto if you do this and you allow yourself to learn and you allow yourself to go through these different styles of Keto it starts taking on a new life of its own you're not just eating lettuce wrap burgers with cheese every single day okay now let's move in to the next one okay number two focus on getting mental benefits okay everyone's focused on this like body composition metabolism piece of Keto that gets old okay we can only dig up so much research I mean new research is coming out all the time but we can only do so much before we just kind of get bored with the same old stuff so what I do to keep myself stimulated and keep myself kind of like from getting totally burnt out is I focus on the mental benefits and focus on sort of the nootropic sort of like brain effect of ketones so what that means is rather than focus on foods that are going to just stimulate fat loss I focus on things that are going to help my brain okay so I leverage using MCT oil or MCT oil powder or maybe I'll even mess around with Ketone Esters or Ketone salts every now and then just to get more of a mental effect okay or maybe even I'll play with nootropics the thing is I balance different things out and I start changing the game okay maybe I'll adjust protein and increase fats and say my goal is to feel more mentally clear because a funny thing happens when you do that if you start feeling mentally clear and feel better and you're focusing on doing things for your brain rather than just your body then suddenly your brain feels better and the burnout isn't as big of a deal usually burnout is coming because you have all these different confounding factors that are just just compounding and making it very very difficult for you okay other things that you can do that are in that same sort of mental wheelhouse start implementing some fasting in start playing around with saunas start playing around with ice baths do these different things that are going to stimulate that brain performance and that bdnf that you're after number three is take a one month strict break focus on taking a break now and then it is completely fine 11 years of doing keto yes I cycle on and off of ketosis but here's what's kind of cool the funny thing is when you come off of Keto and you start adding some carbs strategically back in and you do the right kinds of carbs for us and I have plenty of videos on this I can link down to them or link out to them down below but you'll probably consume less calories because remember with caloric density like when you're consuming fats and proteins on keto you're consuming a lot of calorically dense foods so the food volume is pretty light considering how many calories you're bringing in but then when you do switch over and you have some carbs for a month and trust me you will be okay there's a good chance that you'll actually consume less calories because there's only four calories per gram of carb but there's nine calories per gram of fat so by volume of food when you're used to eating keto and all of a sudden you go back to carbs for a little bit there's a very good chance that your caloric intake actually decreases the hardest thing you have to combat is that yes you might have some blood sugar roller coaster rides that may you crave certain things so yes be aware of that but if you take a one month strict break you'll find that it actually reinvigorates your desire to go back onto keto and to actually enjoy it and then you can do this endlessly you can cycle on and off and it's going to be okay that way you're not feeling like you're just like on a treadmill of Keto all the time just getting bored if you want some suggestions for carbs that you can consume and you're off of Keto Thrive Market has a lot of really good options so I put a link down below they're a sponsor of today's video so Thrive Market's an online membership-based grocery store the cool thing is even for when you are doing keto or when you're off keto you can sort by different kind of diet type or so with carbs for instance you can sort by gluten-free you can sort for baked goods that are gluten-free or you can sort for baked goods that are keto it just makes it super easy so no matter what you're doing you can have kind of a go-to for that then you can you know favorite that page or bookmark that page or save those items it just makes shopping a completely different experience so that link is down below and it'll save you 25 percent off your first order but also get you a free gift but you have to be using the link that's down below in the description so thank you thrive market for the continued support on this channel the next one is called fat cycling this is really interesting this is where you surge how many fats you have and you kind of go up and down on that so here's what's going on a lot of times the burnout that you're reaching with keto is because you're not really getting a whole lot of results anymore so usually when people get started with keto they have kind of a goal in mind right they want to lose weight they want to have more mental acuity okay they want something specific okay but the problem is is when you're no longer achieving that goal like weight loss has stopped or you don't feel like you're getting much mental benefit anymore then what's the real reason to continue you're just doing it to do it right well one thing I can say is that in terms of weight loss if you periodically surge your fats up and down it makes a pretty big difference so normally when you're consuming a lot of fats your body takes those fats and turns them into ketones but if you say every other day reduce your fat intake by half it forces your body to tap into your stored fat tissue much easier so instead of spoiling your body and sort of giving it everything it wants and entitling it by giving it fat all the time you're forcing your body to get well efficient and utilitarian at utilizing your stored fat I found that this is a great way to reinvigorate weight loss but also reinvigorates how I feel on a ketogenic diet it's very easy to just get stale and do the same thing over and over and over again the next one is do some fat fasting fat fasting is where you do a traditional style fast except you are adding fats to the mix when you do it and only fats no proteins no carbs just straight up like I'm gonna do a fast but I'm going to have some olive oil along with my fast or I'm going to do a fast and I'm going to have some coconut oil or something that's just a straight up fat there's a study that was published in the journal clinical chemistry and lab medicine now this took a look at what is called ppar Alpha now what that is is a nuclear receptor protein that gets acted upon by fat so when this nuclear receptor protein is exposed to high amounts of fat not in the presence of insulin like when we're fasting or when we're fat fasting and adding even more fat well that ppar Alpha gets activated and it travels to the nucleus of a cell and it allows that cell to express genes that make it very good at using fats so here's what kind of happens when you're doing ketosis for a while your body gets efficient at utilizing ketones and fat so it doesn't have to produce as many ketones so you might notice your Ketone levels even drop and if you're not measuring them you might feel that your Ketone levels are dropping meaning you don't feel like you're getting all the benefits you got from keto when you started because your Ketone levels are lower I always say you shouldn't Chase ketones you should Chase results because as someone that's been doing keto for 11 years my Ketone levels are pretty low because my body's gotten very efficient at them but when I do a fat fast it forces my body to produce ketones because nothing else is present other than fats coming in driving up Ketone formation the reason that I suggest doing this if you start getting burnt out is it because it can reinvigorate that feeling you got when you started it brings your Ketone levels up higher than you're used to and it allows you to get those benefits again you start feeling mentally clear you start feeling like oh my gosh maybe this is making me feel better maybe I feel more lively maybe I don't feel as like stiff it does potentially make a difference and especially if you cycle in and out and just kind of try it now and then so try doing 16 hours 20 hours 24 hours and just add some coconut oil during your fast it's pretty amazing what it can do and it might just help your cells get more efficient again at using ketones so maybe you get some of the benefits back that you lost next up is doing a different workout Style style okay try doing different workout styles that utilize different fuels okay if you normally do a lot of weight training you're probably pretty like anaerobic glycolysis type person where your body isn't necessarily super good at using beta oxidation where it's burning fats as a fuel source you're still using carbs during your workout even though those carbs are coming from a different form via gluconeogenesis or glycogen that's been formed via gluconeogenesis but what you can do is say okay I'm going to start doing more low intensity cardio and I'm going to condition my cells to get better at utilizing fats you get a degree of fat adaptation that occurs with that so whatever you're doing with your workouts right now try switching it up and you'll be amazed at how it makes your diet feel different the next one is the last one and it's sort of a two-parter because it can go either direction One Direction is stop obsessing about keto make it a casual lifestyle and just do it to do it don't worry about it just do it the other side depending on how you function is get obsessed because maybe you're in this gray area where you're kind of interested in it and you just want some of the benefits and you just want to extract some of the weight loss and extract some of the benefits but you don't really want to know about what's really going on okay if you're sitting in that gray area that's a great way to get burnt out you either throw it all aside and you just do it and just have fun or you get obsessed like I did I got obsessed and I got obsessed with the science and really have fun with it then I feel like I'm constantly educating myself and it excites me I'm not gonna lie I get bored I get burnt out but when I find new research that gives me another tool then it is like reinvigorated and I'm not burnt out anymore and quite frankly I think a lot of my videos are that tool for many people that have been doing keto for a very long time they get their little bit of inspiration motivation for my videos by giving them new science well guess what I'm getting motivated just like you are I'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lucida1818 [1 likes]: I change my proteins from day to day so I don’t get bored eating the same thing.

Yes Thomas you have various ways we can approach the ketogenic diet. So we don’t get bored.
  2. @jreb22_: I like that you know so much and everything is research-based. Awesome! Also, I saw another video where you were even telling people how to protect themselves from detractors of whatever diet they're doing or lifestyle they've chosen. And I think that speaks volumes to the kind of person you are. A+
I've done keto in the past, the first time, 3 years ago for 10 weeks with great results. I did full keto for 4 weeks and then weekdays/ends cycling in and out (which worked beautifully btw). Then last year I tried doing only the cycling part and it didn't work for me. Right now I'm finishing my 2nd full week, plan on going two more and then evaluate if I go into the maintenance cycle (in which I still lost weight and fat 3y ago) or continue. I'm having tons of fun now discovering new recipes, cooking for real, not only lettuce wraps, and learning more about the science behind it. I would definitely be in the 'obsessed' group.
  3. @getter_done: Right on Thomas!
  4. @Lucida1818: Yes Thomas you’re the best person to listen to when I’m bored with ketovore 😅

I might have some more vegetables again I cut them down because I enjoy not feeling bloated
  5. @hosephine1: I love that you aren’t’t the keto police!  I found being kind to myself has been key to losing weight.  I lost 45 pounds with IF only, took a break, maintained for almost two years, then went keto and have lost 13 in last three weeks.  Have 11 more to go. Feel energetic and positive.  If my macros aren’t perfect, I am okay with it.  Grace.  It makes life livable.
  6. @darlapearl7247: I have burnt out a little on the same foods on keto and am not losing weight whether on full keto or a little carbs with keto friendly fruits…have unconsciously been experimenting with a little fat now and then…being 74 isn’t easy but exercising is so important…finally learned that…thanks for the last few posts…very good!
  7. @jessicaramos2804: ❤
  8. @tubehepa: FWIW, I'm "afraid" one can't get rid hedonic adaptation. Sez ChatGPT:
The phenomenon you are referring to is known as "hedonic adaptation" or "the hedonic treadmill." It is the tendency for people to quickly return to their baseline level of happiness or subjective well-being after experiencing positive or negative events or changes in their life. Essentially, people adapt to their circumstances and become accustomed to good or bad luck, such that it no longer has as much of an impact on their overall happiness.
  9. @hcure4003: LMFAO Thomas why are you wearing a wig in the beginning clip 😂😂😂 am I the only one who notices these quirky things you do in your videos? 😂 I love it
  10. @charlessmith3710: Keto can be costly. I lost so much weight I lost my wedding ring ( it fell off my finger some where), and I had to buy a new wardrobe
  11. @vanpaul147: 6 Years now ... Love it ... All my favourite foods
  12. @_Yep_Yep_: Thanks TDL
  13. @ezvahedi1387: thank you .i learned something new
  14. @oceanradius6667: This was my boost
  15. @booboobearify: If I dont play w my fats I stay the same weight for years....  just keep my body composition the same....
  16. @mrarroyo571: I like my women like I like my fats
Trans and unsaturated
  17. @katherineprice96: I love your inspiration and motivation Thomas!  Thank you for doing what you do!
  18. @forestlittke4649: So from  this video .... I should stop consuming the fats such as olives and avocados and simply let the body catch up~ this should include the nuts which do have a high fat concentration. feed back is welcome.
  19. @stellat2405: The most important thing is to find a balance on what kind of Keto/LC is for YOU. You gotta love it, not think about it. crave for that kind of keto/lc you want, desire the goodness of the benefits this nutrition gives you without giving it too much thought. 
We kinda overdo it in Keto, we act as orthorexic some times, thinking about food all the time. But the issue is to heal from this sick way of living and then just continue do what you do. For this you need A) the most important thing of all: balance your Microbiome, heal your leaky gut, repair, detox and then you go on from there. And B) realization that the LC style of life is the new normal and simply continue living like this: sleep early, don't stress too much, use the right supplements, exercise to live well not to thrive and build a body. This is an exaggeration so is the constant ketosis. We kinda lost it guys. Ketosis, is not for ever, low carb is. Let's not forget that ketosis is an extraordinary state and it is primarily fasting ketosis not nutritional. We have changed this for therapeutic reasons and we got carried away. 
Finding the new normal, and keep going from there.
  20. @RogueCylon: I was expecting this one to be sponsored by Digiorno 🤣🤣

- STOP! KETO IS AGING YOU? - Dr. Westman Reacts: Kind: captions Language: en keto is crap and will Aid you faster than smoking stop keto is aging you real hi Dr Eric Westman here with another Dr Westman reacts I've sent a video from uh keto with JT now I think JT's had success on a keto diet and is a influencer health coach let's see what he has to say I posted a video sharing my results from taking a collagen supplement every day for over a year and in that video there was some talk about the potential anti-aging effects of taking collagen like reducing wrinkles reducing joint pain stuff like that and someone commented on in the comments and I wanted to share that with you they said you wouldn't need collagen supplements if keto wasn't aging you so badly try a balanced diet like Mediterranean keto is crap and will Aid you faster than smoking okay welcome to kwjt I'm JT I'm a certified keto and intermittent fasting coach and today I want to talk about that comment and there's going to be two parts of this video the first part we're going to talk about in what circumstance could this person actually be right and the second part of this video we're going to talk about how this person might be right just not in the way they think they are okay let's start with part one keto is aging you now in what circumstance could that be true so if someone is following a version of Keto called Dirty keto and they're not getting adequate nutrition they're they're they're focusing on nutritionally poor Foods maybe relying too much on processed meats and processed cheeses and not being careful to eliminate industrial seed oils like vegetable oil and soybean oil and stuff like that from their diet again not getting enough nutrition there could be some potential effects that could resemble aging you more rapidly so let's stop right there I decided not to go and look for studies on that specific topic because if I ask you the question if I ask anybody the question regardless of diet whether it's Mediterranean or keto or carnivore or Whole30 or vegan or vegetarian or anything like that if you were to ask a question if you're not getting enough nutrition what would be the result right we we know this right we know if we're not getting adequate nutrition if we're malnourished then you're going to have some adverse effects and those effects could lead to premature aging okay so let's get to part two let's talk about why this person's comment might be true keto is aging you just not the way that they might think in order to do this let's I want to talk a little bit about my own experience then we're going to jump into some science then we'll come back a full circle and wrap this up first of all I want to let you know I've been doing keto for a little over four years I started back in June of 2018. for about a year and a half I did very strict nutritional keto when I say strict about 25 net carbs or less and I did not waver I should also tell you that the version of Keto that I've been following is called healthy keto it can also be referred to as clean keto where there is an emphasis on whole nutritionally dense foods since that time the last 3 three years or so I've been keto probably 80 to 90 percent of the time in a given year I do go off it every once in a while I am not necessarily so focused anymore on always having to be in ketosis but to give you an idea the majority of the time or the last four years I have been on a ketogenic or following a ketogenic lifestyle so that said one of the benefits that's that I wanted to share with you that was most unexpected one that I couldn't believe and I still have a hard time believing is that as a result in it this I started to notice this fairly early on actually um probably I don't know four months maybe uh just a few months into my keto journey I started to notice wow I actually feel better I feel younger I feel younger now than I did in my mid 40s so I'm 51 now if in case you're wondering so you know I hear this all the time that the reason people continue on a low carb keto diet after they've lost weight or fixed some metabolic problem like diabetes or PCOS or fatty liver the reason they continue on it is they feel so good they they feel younger they're doing more things less aches and pains that sort of thing so he's not alone and I was very interesting to just hear his story it's What I Hear in my office very frequently and let's see what he's learned so is keto aging me well it doesn't seem to be but you know that's just my experience and this person or anybody could say wow that's you're just saying that and you know what about how do you know all right well let's turn to the science so I want to share with you a few articles and a few studies that talk about this topic and we'll try to go fast the Gladstone institutes they're based in San Francisco there is an article they posted actually this is an older article back in 2012. they said the ketogenic diet could delay the effects of Aging such a diet could slow the aging process and may one day allow scientists to better treat them and prevent age-related diseases including heart disease Alzheimer's disease and many forms of cancer so I chose this study because this is you know 10 years ago but now we're seeing more and more studies more and more evidence showing that the ketogenic diet has actually successfully been used to treat a lot of these things that they're talking about moving on there was an article there's an article posted in 2018 from the perfect keto website and they say while not specific to ketosis the simply low carbon Whole Foods qualities of the ketogenic diet provide us with many benefits that can protect us from common conditions associated with poor diets such as heart disease diabetes and obesity getting older without these concerns removes the risk of dying from them which is obviously good for overall lifespan and the National Laboratory of medicine PubMed a ketogenic diet extends longevity and health Span in adult mice watch out for those my studies right the best I can tell there's one my mouse study that says low carb keto extends the lifespan and one says that it doesn't in mice so again it's going to be tough to just caution so we have to take that into consideration right be mindful of that here's a study found in Trends and cell biology Trends in cell biology is one of the leading review journals for molecular cell biology and there was a study entitled protecting the Aging genome ketones generated through a ketogenic diet can act as a acetyl CO acetyl coenzyme donors and could be efficacious as premature aging therapy and attenuate which means to reduce the consequences of normal brain aging moving on a study in the proceedings of National Academy of Sciences say that large-scale lifespan neuroimaging data sets show that functional communication between brain regions destabilizes with age okay so our brains don't communicate as well as we get older I think we all kind of understand that and they say it's typically starting in late 40s and that destabilization correlates with poor cognition and accelerates with insulin resistance so what is the ketogenic diet do IT addresses insulin resistance one of the most important things about a ketogenic diet is reducing insulin increasing insulin sensitivity and reducing insulin resistance they go on to say that targeted experiments show that this biomarker for brain aging is reliably modulated with consumption of different fuel sources modulated means that it is it is affected or it isn't it is uh changed in in some way and then it says glucose decreases and ketones increase the stability of brain networks right and I don't think they're saying that glucose is bad you need some you need some glucose right your body will actually make glucose as you need it I think that they're referencing insulin resistance which is too much glucose over a period of time they're not saying that glucose is bad so I found this study in aging cells so the Aging cell is a journal that focuses on by the topic of biological aging there was a study that said a high fat diet reverses metabolic disorders and premature aging by modulating insulin which we just talked about and igf-1 signaling in sir T6 knockout in mics another mild study but again showing that the the anti-aging benefits of Keto in the German Journal of sports medicine there was a study entitled turning back the clock of Aging so this starts with a number of Lifestyle factors and Pharma pharmacological interventions have been identified that modulate Downstream regulatory Pathways implicated in health span or lifespan the aims of this narrative saying that the purpose of this article or the purpose of this this study are to provide a perspective on selected biological Pathways involved in longevity and to discuss therapeutic avenues that have the potential to attenuate there's that word again attenuate reduce pre premature aging and age-related illnesses further on down in the study they say interestingly ketogenic diet seemed to largely phenocopy the biochemical signature of fasting activating similar molecular molecular Pathways associated with health span and Longevity so can you imagine based on what they're saying if you were doing both keto and intermittent fasting on how that could attenuate or reduce premature aging pretty incredible so let's go back to my own experience I mentioned earlier that I felt younger I feel younger now than I did when I was in my mid-40s I'm 51 as I mentioned so I've actually been thinking about this topic of Health span and lifespan you know the longevity a little bit you know before this person shared their comments so it's kind of a good timing right and in doing so I started following a guy by the name of Dr David Sinclair he's a researcher and and Harvard Professor he's been studying longevity for many many years so think upwards of 20 or 30 years and he talks about a how you can measure your biological age we have this thing called your chronological age or I like to say your calendar age how what is you know your calendar H how many birthdays you've had and also your biological age how old your body actually is how old the cells are he talks about a company called inside tracker they are spin-off from MIT or incubated through MIT and they have the ability you can go get your blood drawn send it to them they look at some biomarkers and they'll tell you what your biological age is so I've actually done that I did my blood work send it off to the lab or went to the lab did my blood work they sent me a report saying that my biological age is 43. so based on that it would seem that the ketogenic diet is actually aging me just not in the direction that this person thinks it's aging me in reverse very interesting I I don't know that um that what they're measuring in terms of the age that but um that would be interesting to see if that's replicated but in lots of different people's experiences and of course the the you want to pause on the mouse studies and and he did a great job of reviewing secondary sources meaning sources that reviewed other things not the primary data and there's a lot of theory still going on pointing toward the insulin resistance is the main bad actor in terms of aging and insulin resistance is reversed by a low carb keto diet but it's a leap of faith to say then that it will reduce aging so more studies need to be done I I have a published paper uh some years ago with Ron Rosedale who asked me to do a paper with insulin as the outcome and it turns out that people who live a long time centenarians have very low insulin levels which kind of goes together with the idea that there's less insulin resistance at low insulin levels go along with with lack of insulin resistance and while complicated the markers and and some biologic measures seem to point toward some anti-aging effects I would say the level of evidence isn't enough for me to say it's going to age or not age you but it's interesting to hear the kind of information that's generated so far so I would say there's not enough information to say it's going to Aid you or it's not going to Aid you and uh but thank you JT for keto with JT for reviewing those articles for us [Music] if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell and check out adapterlifeacademy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewrogowski8526 [2 likes]: I went paleo with a carb intake under 50g per day since 2006. With prolonged fasting biannually. I wasn't quite Keto due to the high meat intake, but I'm 52 and people mistake me for my 30s. After a year on paleo at 36, I looked younger than I did when I was 24.
  2. @Thomas-pq4ys [1 likes]: After a year and a half on keto, Igot hit with sudden onset vertigo. I went to the ER, got a CAT scan with dye, they said I'm good. They gave me a drug that took the edge off the vertigo, but the following day, I felt like a drank a bottle of whiskey, lethargic, massive headache. I'd rather deal with the vertigo.

My GP sent me to an ENT, who put into a vertigo torture chamber. That was horrible, but it determined my vertigo wasn't inner ear. 

From there I was sent to a neurologist, who sent me to get a MRI. I was told I'd had a mini stroke. That's not good. I just got a blood test, my total cholesterol is 242

I'm a vigorous 73.... I saw an acupuncturist who also does Chinese medicine, was given an herbal concoction that is working well at keeping the vertigo under control, but it does no eliminate it when doing the things that trigger it (grocery shopping is the worse).

I am able to work in the yard, and am getting back to the gym.

Now, I am confused about Keto. They tell me that if you have a mini stroke, you are suseptable to get another. I don't want to go there, ever.

I will be seeing another neurologist in a couple days, and I know they want me to take statins. I'm not thrilled about that either.

I was vegetarian/vegan, occassional meat, for 30 years... I went keto to lose weight... I'd never had a gut... and was digusted with it. Keto worked, and I felt more clear-headed.

Now some anti-vax folks I know are making me their poster child... saying "ah ha!" I don't want that kind of attention. 

So yeah... I'm confused.

Meanwhile... back to life.
  3. @iainbrathwaite1846 [1 likes]: I've only been following keto for about 6 months  but I've already lost 30 lbs, have lots more energy and am trim and feel better than I can remember
  4. @jakerusty123 [1 likes]: What’s important to know is that there are lots of fat cells in the face.  so when you lose body fat, you also lose fat in your face.  This can make you “look” aged as the fat in your face keeps your face looking plump and wrinkle free.  So yes if you were fat and lost weight it can make you appear older in your face.
  5. @Ezramiconian [1 likes]: In the future, they'll complain that keto is de-aging people and that it's wrong to look younger than the average person
  6. @GlennLazado78 [1 likes]: im 45 and ived been carnivore for year and i feel like 25 years old.
  7. @ligayaannawi4779 [1 likes]: I had been on keto for seven months before May 25 this year. It was good because I lost weight then on the 25th of May, I suffered a mild stroke. My blood works showed high cholesterol and showed the start of thrombosis and artherosclerosis. I am now back to being on omnivore diet that is on low fat but more on fiber and yes, controlled carbs.
  8. @JM-pv8vt: This doctor is 49
  9. @tbunny6305: it wont let me watch anything other than  a ad
  10. @lonecody: The person making this claim seems like a doofus leftist government agent.
  11. @samyouel4596: you know what ages you faster.... diabetes
  12. @lizhaydon2250: What is a certified coach?  Sounds made up to me.
  13. @iainbrathwaite1846: BTW, I'm 62
  14. @bradpitritsch6921: The only reason I'm alive at 73 yrs old is because of my adherence to keto/carnivore.  From diabetic to normal a1c, heart attack to surfing, obese to agile. These anti keto luddites are the enemy of the people.
  15. @roberto.peterson9917: I personally  feel that doctors  that resistant  to keto  or carnivore  diets  just don't people  to get healthy  and not need big Rx
  16. @Ryu_Shotokan: The only thing that ages you is time.
  17. @RandomStuff-HumpsYerMom: Quite the opposite, carbs and sugar will destroy your body... but you know lets listen to all the OBESE Westerners who "know better", smh
  18. @CliveGreen-lf7kz: I felt awful doing keto so now feell better I have a balance diet whole grains berries little meat lot of fruit and vegetables feell better Greek yogurt a must mice study hey 😢
  19. @richardjohnston6688: I'm sick of these people thinking you have to be on keto to loose weight. Look at athletes they look healthy young and grate skin. I lost 20 kg in three months. Eating a car diet. And look at that bloke saying he is 51 year's old I thought he was 60. I tell you what I'm 55 year old and look younger him. Look at him he looks under nourished and withering away like and old man with no muscle and weak.. Crap
  20. @Sabrina.LC17: That man looks terrible for 51.

- Why did Peter discontinue the ketogenic diet? And what's his dietary strategy for 2018? (AMA #1): Kind: captions Language: en why did you decide to discontinue your ketogenic diet what differences in your health and performance have you noticed since and what does your diet look like these days well I I discontinued a ketogenic diet after three years in the moment when I discontinued it it was basically like I was just missing my all-singing all-dancing famous curry stir-fry which was like probably my staple meal in college and med school and you know throughout most of life that was like probably my favorite meal and so on a bed of rice I would put this huge curry stir-fry that had like all of these awesome vegetables and very spicy and Belova but you know you couldn't eat that in ketosis even without the rice because just that volume of vegetables would usually boot you out and certainly with the rice you were gonna be gone and I was just kind of like you know I just missed this I just need to start eating this again also I was kind of missing certain fruits I felt like I was just like not again I didn't feel like I needed them from a health wise perspective I just felt like I just missed them I enjoy eating these things I haven't had a banana in three four ten years except for the odd one you know or something like that so just for me it was just that that was what it really came down to and you know I think the impact of leave you know different people have different responses to a ketogenic diet I think some people at my end of the spectrum respond as well as anyone can respond I mean for me it was I it's hard to articulate right I mean every on every dimension things just got better I mean my mental clarity my resilience my biomarkers my performance eventually it did take a while I differently took it certainly took a step backwards for the first three months then regained mostly aerobic function it was probably 18 months before I surpassed an aerobic function and I was actually with Steve Finney last week and we were talking about this that I really regret not taking muscle biopsies throughout that three year journey I think that could have been quite insightful but I also know having now put people on ketogenic diets and been around a lot of you know people on key gendai said I was about as good a responder as you're gonna see and there are others that have respond as well as me but but there are lots people who don't respond this well and so you know going back to the previous question I think that's where you have to have a little bit of humility which is like you know no offense to the keto community out there who I'm probably pissing off at the moment but I'm highly put off by the this view that like ketosis is for everybody and if you know if you try a ketogenic diet and it doesn't work for you well you screwed it up or something and it's just like that just strikes me as patently false so anyway that's I don't know if I answered the question was the question what okay and then the other question is what do I do now now I'm mostly vacillate between time restricted feeding and non time restricted feeding with a much simpler set of principles on how I eat which is just try not to eat junk so I don't really restrict my carbohydrates deliberately at all anymore which I know is gonna sound crazy to people listening to this but I just restrict bad carbohydrates yeah there's a general rule if it comes in a package it shouldn't be eaten so like the Whedon's like there's no rule for we thins in the diet all right grams there's a reasons tree somewhere Paleo ancestors were you there were you there are you sure there wasn't a tree you you know it's a very good point I wasn't there it's quite possible that we then's grew on trees with graham crackers my favorite might go to starches you know I definitely like potatoes and I definitely like rice and I probably will you know if there's seven days in a week for them I'll be eating those with at least one of my meals so yesterday I usually I'm not eating breakfast still so yesterday when I woke up you know did my morning routine rode the peloton for 45 minutes had you know made a my coffee my special fancy coffee after that and putz turn around and like worked and you know whatever did all my you know saw patients did this done the other thing came back to my apartment at 2:00 still hadn't eaten and then made a shake so I make this shake called I call the Peter Kaufman which I wrote about on the blog like six years ago which is a little bit of heavy cream almond milk frozen strawberries spoon of almond butter and then a you can protein chocolate protein with a ton of ice so it makes we're gonna have one right after this by the about five minutes so he's salivating for the Peter Kaufman and so that's a pretty high fat shake where the only carb you're getting is the Super Start which basically doesn't act like a carb you obviously get some in the almond butter and there's virtually none in the frozen strawberries and then that evening yesterday evening so I didn't eat anything else the rest the day obviously just you know I'd like water or something like that and then in the evening I went out for dinner with a friend and we went to a Greek place and you know I had a smoked salmon appetizer it did come with like little pita chip breads which I didn't eat although in truth I will often eat those because I freakin love them but just yesterday I didn't feel like eating them and then I got a lamb entree that came with some potatoes these lemon potatoes that these guys make that are really you know no dessert came home had some teeth that was it so when I look at my CGM from yesterday my highest glucose was about two hours after dinner maybe an hour after dinner but it was about a hundred and seventeen milligrams per deciliter it was my peak glucose yesterday and the other thing I really pay close attention to is what was my peak nighttime glucose so by the time I went to bed it was down to nine B and you know I think my PTIN my peak nighttime yesterday was 95 which makes me really happy because I almost always see my highest glucoses at night they're almost always I think in response to cortisol so today we'll have one of those shakes for lunch maybe we'll go work out then we'll shake and then for dinner I don't know what we'll do but it'll be basically the same sort of thing it'll probably be oh I also had a big salad yesterday I forgot to mention that the smoked salmon the big ass Greek salad the in a bowl the size of my head and then the lamb with the potatoes so I'm kind of a boring eater actually which is I like to have lots of vegetables including salad I usually rotate you know lamb beef fish and then at least half the time if not more maybe a bit of potato or rice I think you might have tipped your hand when you you did a regimented three-year pretty much all on ketogenic diet and what kicked you out of a ketogenic diet was your longing for vegetables and fruit more or less and then on the exercise side not doing the muscle biopsies or something like that so I think most people might be gone for the chocolate cake oh you did you did have one I had that first day yeah where I had six desserts in one sitting you know I'm sure I'll go any time I'm with my like Kido friends like last week when I was up with Steve Finney and a whole bunch of the people from virtu health I swear I was like that's it man I'm going back on a keto day you know I'm gonna go back on a ketogenic diet and then I got home and I was like man feel like it that's just it honestly part of it this is a total cop-out but part of it is just like it's a pain in the ass with kids I don't want to get into weird stuff with my kids again because I remember when I was like ugh my daughter was always asking me why I didn't eat this why I didn't eat that and I feel like then again I'm not knocking a ketogenic diet and I think I could I could do it and do it in a responsible sustainable way as far as my kids but I like now talking to my only my daughter my son's obviously we don't talk about this stuff yet old enough but but with Olivia there's definitely a lot of talk of like the other day like you know it's her birthday and and there's a ton of ice cream left in the fridge and she came home from school and she's like Daddy can I have a bowl of ice cream and I was like hell no you can't have a bowl of ice cream what the hell are you talking about she's like well mommy let's mean I was like I pretty sure mommy doesn't let you have ice cream before dinner and don't you get how bad that stuff is like you get to have that once in a while as a treat but like that didn't grow on a tree that didn't you know come out of you know like that's fake food right and and so it's there's still the opportunity to talk about that and and you know I like that they're seeing me eat a broader array of food now than I would be if I were on a ketogenic diet cuz when I was on a ketogenic diet the other thing is I was on such a high calorie ketogenic diet that I had to eat so much weird stuff like I had to basically eat a tub of sour cream every day just to get my 4500 calories that I needed what was your ratio of ketogenic diet a lot off but for epileptic yeah I was they talk about carbs to protein total percent I did it as a percent of total calories and a faster protein in car yeah I was about 90 percent fat about 7% protein 3 percent carbohydrate and the reason that my percents were so high in fat is that my total caloric intake was probably 44 to 4,500 calories a day I was exercising like crazy yeah I always I marvel at what a ketogenic diet sort of technically is I mean for looking like the Hopkins ketogenic diet where it's it's four to one fat to protein and carbs in terms of I think by weight so if you're eating a hundred grams of protein and carbs you're eating 400 grams of fat which is 3600 calories so you're looking at four thousand calorie diet probably close to what you maybe where you're doing but 75 grams of protein maybe 25 carbs maybe lower and you're doing that and you don't realize like that does take effort it's not just like I'm just gonna eat some meat yeah and I made some vegetables it's it's huge effort unless you have the luxury of you know a chef or prepared meals like whoa I don't know if Quest is doing it anymore but they were at one point doing like pre-made 2 to 1 3 to 1 4 to 1 Kito meals and I think they were doing it with the Charlie Foundation actually for the kids with epilepsy and I ate a bunch of those like just as trying them out and I mean they were great I could mainline those things if someone were like feeding me those all day yeah I could go back on ketosis with but maybe I'm just too lazy

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBeautyBlueprint-p2l [12 likes]: It's encouraging to hear Peter talk about evolving dietary strategies and the importance of finding what works best for the individual long-term, rather than adhering rigidly to any one approach. It seems the key takeaway is mindful eating and continuous self-assessment.
  2. @19hundoc47 [4 likes]: Look, you all aren’t going to die because you ate some carbs lol
  3. @JC-jr9hw [1 likes]: This is a testament to how little they teach doctors in middle school about nutrition. The fact that any doctor would go on a ketogenic diet is frightening. Read 80/10/10 by Doug Graham to learn what you actually should eat...hint, humans or primates and primates are frugivores.
  4. @carolineyoung8748 [1 likes]: Wheat thins trees 😂😂😂
  5. @TeaTreeTerrific [1 likes]: ENMESHMENT TRAUMA:

1. Extreme sense of guilt/shame/fear/terror when deviating from family 
2. Struggle to differentiate whose feelings are whose (within the family)
3. Suppression/repression of thoughts/feelings/opinions/emotions (that differ from those around you)
4. Operating under a false social mask (because of shame)
5. Family of origin has a strong 'us versus them' mentality
6. Unexpressed/suppressed needs, anticipating needs of others, resenting when others don't reciprocate 
7. Struggle to understand what a boundary even is
8. When your family offers you support, they are actually creating a line of (co)dependency
9. Viewing keeping quiet about dysfunctional/abusive behaviors, as a sign of love
10. Finding it threatening/confusing/bewildering to see people act in secure ways

Steps to FREEDOM/healing 
and not giving a fuck -

★ identify/know your priorities/values, and LIVE THEM OUT LOUD
★ STOP seeking validation/approval 
★ say NO (allow others to be/feel UNCOMFORTABLE! it's not your job to make them comfortable!)
★ set boundaries/radical honesty ALWAYS, ALL WAYS
★ embrace discomfort/do the damn thing
★ detach from outcomes

I can't fucking believe it!
I'm just discovering/realizing
for the first time in my 45 years of life...
The rage and grief I feel...
THESE ARE MY SUPERPOWERS!
The fact that I can feel these at all,
this alone, is my superpower!
It is sacred it is divine it is feminine it is miraculous.
Most are too numb to know or to feel.
But I know. And I feel.
This has all been in preparation for my mission
as an alchemist.
I am a Lioness.
I am a Goddess.
I am a Radically Honest Biker Bitch!
Holy heaven I am mind-blown!
HALLEUJAH! AND PRAISE THE LORD!

“One does not become enlightened 
by imagining figures of light, 
but by making the darkness: conscious. 
Until you make the unconscious: conscious, it will direct your life 
and you will call it fate.” ~ Carl Jung

You’re more than a Queen. 
Not that a Queen is limiting 
because that’s the highest highness 
of a most intelligent courageous beauty 
amongst women.

You do embody a perfect emanating expression of a Queen. 
The icing on the cake is your Divine limitlessness 
that is in tune with her being. You’re evolution. 

Thank you for sharing and expressing. 
I sense your passion for yourself 
and your passion for standing for justice 
of your worth. 

I’m grateful for the love you have for yourself. 

You’re badass.

When I got trapped in the 2nd dimension after smoking salvia, 
I believed that my external surroundings was a conscious entity that was separate from me. 
Upon transcending that 2D hell, I realized that what I had believed to be a separate entity 
that was oppressing me and keeping me trapped in that 2D world, was not separate at all, it was me. 
To become free, all I had to do was realize that. 

On coming back to this 3D world, the realization came with me, 
I realized that other people are not separate from me, 
we're all the same consciousness, its an illusion that makes it appear like we could ever be separate, independent entities and that illusion is the source of all suffering. 

Love is the natural state of the unity beyond this illusion of separation, 
love is the reality of what we are. 
Spiritual ecstasy is our natural state. 

May all beings awaken from this egoic nightmare. 
May all beings be liberated from this self imposed prison of the mind. 
May all beings remember that we are one unified consciousness experiencing itself 
through an illusion of separation...

I am drowning
constantly

perpetually raped
frozen in time

raped by terror
terror never leaves my body

I'm in hell and there's no escape
I want to die but I'm terrified of death

I desperately want to escape
every single day 
I live a life of utter hell and suffering
no way out of this hell

I'm desperate for help
I'm desperate for escape

I am dying on the inside
buried alive
cannot breathe
terrified
in the dark
alone

please help me, Jesus
please stay with me, Jesus
please heal me, Jesus

and what should I call you, my beloved father?
Abba? Yasus? Yeshua? Yahweh?

beloved angels, 
of the unnamed 144,000
those that are good and kind and benevolent and powerful
and doing the loving work of Jesus'...

thank you.

I love you.

please be with me, always, all ways.

“Wisdom tells me I am nothing. 
Love tells me I am everything. 
And between the two, my life flows...” 
- Nisargadatta Maharaj

You arrive here alone. You will die here alone. Follow no one.
Your "friend" leaves? Let them leave. Do not follow. 
Life comes to you. Don't go after Life. You don't need to.

HSP/me:

- Highly empathic
- Needs time to reflect/process/understand/integrate
- Difficulty with change
- Easily overstimulated/overwhelmed
- Aware (of the needs of others!)
- Seeks meaning/purpose
- Detail oriented 
- Solution focused
- Takes things personally
- Difficulty making decisions (or needs more time doing so)
- High need for solo time or down time

I am one with the Divine. 
I experience, peace, love, and joy. 
I experience everything as grace. 
I understand the deeper truth of suffering. 
I am at peace. I honor the Divine within me.

You are invited 
to lay all your troubles, 
burdens, traumas, pains, 
miseries, fears, terrors...
At the feet of Jesus. 

Go BOLDLY 
before your Abba 
and tell Him everything 
that is burning inside of you. 
He will exchange it all for His yoke, 
which is light and airy 
and fully of wondrous miraculous joy.

YOU have the EXACT SAME POWER 
that raised Christ from the dead 
living dormant, not-yet-awakened, inside of you. 

Let The Father tell you, show you:
the truth of who you are.

1. ONLY people who speak life into you (NEVER EVER let any other kind of person have ANY access to you!)
2. Keep hearing the Word and renewing your mind
3. Do not let fear creep in—you are made in the image of God
4. Marry the right man (YOU ARE THE QUEEN. Daughter of the most High; King of kings!)
5. God’s Word is the truth, and you can depend on it. By Jesus’ stripes, you are healed.

✝🩸🕊
  6. @diamondmeeple [1 likes]: I eat 85 grams of carbs each day. Its not fully keto, but low-carb. Works well. I fast 1 day each week, like 30 hours about.
  7. @ThomasMethans-z4i: You don't do keto unless you absolutely have to get your insulin under control. Some of us are insulin resistant and need to reverse that before it turns into something worse.
  8. @CEOLasocialDiary: MISSING THE CARBS is not a good excuse. Very illogical.
  9. @hannes0000: I can't do keto at all, I can't sleep
  10. @TeaLady29: Im a vegetarian  i lost 23 pounds,  I'm happy.i don't  eat butter.
  11. @TeaLady29: I tried keto ,gained 3o pounds felt sick.  Something no.
  12. @ElisabethDonati: You completely lost me with a shake full of oxalates. I wouldn’t take nutrition advice from you ever.
  13. @Jason.of.the.forest: What do you guys consider a high glucose number? I like mine under 100. In the 80s is better. 70s feels a bit religious
  14. @codinginflow: After 2 years of strict carnivore, I ate my first carbs about a week ago. I had 3 binge eating attacks since then (granted, I just came off a long calorie deficit). I'm going right back to keto because I can't control myself when I eat sweet things.
  15. @MN-vd7ol: I did lose weight on it but I started getting cramps. So I was listening to my body. I am introducing blueberries and fruits. Taking slow but honestly, I felt healthy eating fruit again. I’ll see how it goes. I won’t miss the leg cramps at night.
  16. @WendyWertz-q9v: Keto & carnivore screwed me up so bad …. So dehydrated me no matter what I did ! My gut microbiome suffered so much too . Bad heart palps major anxiety attacks ! Added some fruit and Whole Foods carbs back in and I immediately improved ❤
  17. @erikalgordon: Why did he never eat a banana, or fruits in general, for the 3 years on keto?
  18. @Rigid_Vibrations: Keto changed my life 
Healing wayyy faster clear minded. I have adhd.

But…. I’m also losing 30 pounds 
So I might feel differently when I reach that goal
  19. @simondaughtry4619: DO and eat whatever it takes to get strong blood work....
  20. @YisroelSimcha: Great interview. I recently stepped away from keto. I felt so crumby

- THIS is why People are QUITTING KETO | Research Finds Nutrient Deficiency: Kind: captions Language: en what micronutrients do you need to get more of on keto and what are the sources in which you can get them well we've come to the conclusion of which ones we need by looking at a couple of studies okay there's a few studies but i don't want to go into a lot of detail with all them because it'll be a 20 minute video now a lot of times with keto it simply has to do with the fact that you're not getting enough diversity with your food okay having a lower intake of a micronutrient doesn't mean you have a micronutrient deficiency okay it does not mean that you're automatically like totally destroyed and that you can't have success it means that you need to eat a wide variety of foods the hard part with keto is we run into this situation where it's easy to just eat processed stuff it's easy to just eat cheese and meat and not get the diversity that you need so let's address these one by one first up potassium where are you going to increase your potassium levels okay leafy greens don't forget the bananas they're not going to help you out here because they have the carbs okay so leafy greens number one tomato okay you just got to keep it in check because of the carb content avocado one of the best ones you possibly can nuts i would typically lean towards like brazil nuts i would lean towards hazelnuts i would lean towards macadamia nuts poultry and fish and mushrooms okay plus you're getting the beta glucans out of that too so if you're trying to like restore potassium you may want to kind of get those levels up i did put a link for a free sample pack of element if you want to try them out that's the electrolyte i typically recommend they're a sponsor on this channel don't get me wrong this video obviously you can use whatever brands you want you can use whatever minerals you want i just figured hey it's a free sample they're an awesome sponsor it tastes good that link is down below so if you use that link you go to drink lmnt.com thomas again drink lmnt.com thomas you'll get eight little sample packs little stick packs that you can add the water out of your water bottle that way you can try element out yourself see if you like it very sodium focused a thousand milligrams of sodium 200 milligrams potassium and 60 milligrams magnesium if you use this it can help you with your sodium levels you may still want to take a magnesium supplement on the side though simply because i'm a big fan of adding more magnesium if you focus on the brain piece but either way definitely check them out get the free sample pack you just pay shipping so a few bucks for shipping so that link is down below and a big thank you to them for the support okay let's jump over to thymine next now thymine is interesting because thymine can also help you out with utilizing carbs better so when you're on keto it's easy to become a little bit deficient or consume less in the way of thiamine because it's rich in whole grains right so you're not going to be able to like be eating those whole grains to get that thymine in well again kind of a catch-22 because you're not eating the grains you don't really need the thymine for it but still it's still an important nutrient so in this case you're looking at things like liver things like muscles nutritional yeast is a great one put it on your asparagus put it on whatever food okay brewer's yeast as well is also really good then we have pork pork is really rich in thiamine so if you're feeling like oh my gosh i'm gonna have some carbohydrates i need a little bit better metabolism with it pork might not be a bad idea there and then lastly sunflower seeds are not bad either you just don't want to overdo it because the omega-6 qualities in it okay now let's talk about manganese for a second manganese levels across the different studies that i've looked at investigating micronutrient deficiencies and micronutrient intake levels seems to be even across the board manganese seems to be the one that for some reason we decrease intake on so with manganese we see once again leafy greens so we're seeing that across the board as sort of a common denominator now with berries you can get some manganese as well and remember on keto you can have a small amount of berries you can have a half a cup a day it's not the end of the world okay the fructose isn't going to kick you out of keto in that small amount avocados again but two interesting ones tea most black tea and green tea is going to have a decent amount of manganese and also seaweed okay which you're also getting a bunch of other minerals that are good too so it's easy to kind of balance these things out so hopefully you're taking all these taking some notes and starting to apply them to your diet and make it sort of a well-crafted keto diet then we have zinc okay now zinc you can get in a lot of different seeds and nuts okay but namely pumpkin seeds that is usually my jam okay so then we also have eggs we also have fish and one of the big ones when it comes down to zinc is actually spinach but you have to remember that with spinach again you have to heat it you have to cook it raw spinach has a high amount of oxalates which are going to chelate minerals so it's a very important note cook your spinach that way you can get the minerals out of it and the big one is copper this is the one that concerns me a little bit more because with copper you're it's hard to replenish if you're not getting greens in but also it's one of those things that if you're not doing keto right eventually you can become pretty deficient in copper and that could pose an issue because copper plays a big role with balancing out zinc and other very important factors in the body especially when it is involved as a co-factor for so many different things so you can also find it in mushrooms quite a bit okay so like shiitake mushrooms portobello mushrooms things like that okay seaweed is a tremendous source of copper as well okay so that's something you want to be paying attention to and also organ meats so things like liver okay you're gonna get that copper in it becomes pretty universally known that if you really want to get a lot of the mineral profiles that you should be getting on keto you really do need to start leaning into the organ meats a little bit more or at least supplementing them okay and the reason that i say that is because when you start consuming that kind of diet carnivore keto anything like that think about it like you're not going to get all the minerals and vitamins that you need just from muscle meat okay in fact the methionine content of muscle meat could actually end up causing an issue over time so you have to balance it out with the other minerals to make it really complete so are you going to be deficient in these things if you don't like get them immediately no it's going to take a long time and there is an initial study that was published in the journal nutrition that demonstrated that the rdi of a lot of these minerals and vitamins decreased really fast like within 12 weeks like people were consuming less but the serum levels of these vitamins and minerals didn't change okay so meaning your body adapts you're not going to necessarily end up in an immediate deficiency but you are going to put yourself in a spot where you're not consuming as much of these which in time could lead to a deficiency but the most important thing is is that this gives you a framework for the foods the fruits the vegetables the fats to add in to balance it all out so as always keep it locking here on my channel i'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [44 likes]: In case the Internet apocalypse comes and prevents me from posting videos, Please join my email newsletter and receive a Free Keto Diet Meal Plan (downloadable): https://thomasdelauer.lpages.co/real-person-keto/ Or an Intermittent Fasting Plan: https://thomasdelauer.lpages.co/fastandfeast/
  2. @sarahalramezi [1 likes]: I'm exactly 10 days into keto, and I'm hating how it handicaps me. I can't hit the gym the way I used to. The limited food options are making so ... angry. I hate zucchini, cauliflower, and eggplants with passion. And I'm not just irritable. I have anger issues right now. So, yes, I do understand why people quit this crazy diet. Once I reach my physical goal, this diet is going out of my life.
  3. @emh8861 [1 likes]: Blah blah blah. People just need to be their own science. Listen to your body. Hello
  4. @evagosselin4712 [1 likes]: Something so simple has been turned into a complicated mess of unrealistic rules, eat what you want in moderation and just leave it at that!
  5. @MsGenXodus [1 likes]: Keto diets, like most restrictive diets, will require supplementation. Just like vegans have to supplement some vitamins, minerals, and EFAs as their diet doesn't provide everything needed for human nutrition. 

I like to cycle my diet. Of course, if you have an eating disorder, cycling can be problematic.
  6. @prashanthb6521: Great advice really.
  7. @T-dogg98: Easy fix.  Get your leafy greens and organ meat.  Eat your Spinach and take a beef liver supplement.  They are the most nutrient dense items you can possibly find. You won't be nutritionally deficient with them.
  8. @PixelPotato: long time viewer, love you guys, but damn these transitions made the video unwatchable, we had to look away and just listen to the information in it
  9. @The_Natalist: I would drop into ketosis, loose like 5 pounds super fast (mind you im 24), and then immediately get sick after, this happened twice, so i dropped out for the winter to avoid the cold season. Round 2! (I kept the 20 lbs i lost off through the holidays, so what im doing now will work when im done, which is low carb, fruits, peanuts (cheaper), simple sugar free waffles with microwaved frozen blueberries on top (add plenty of salt to the batter and they are very good, kiss syrup good bye). I was fasting if i got crazy over the weekend. Works good!)
  10. @dillonsnyder1172: I think a lot of people just hate vegetables and refuse to eat them. Like, if you grow up like an adult and eat a PILE of diverse vegetables with every meal, you will almost certainly not have any vitamin deficiencies. Organic seaweed is underrated too, with tons of b vitamins and iodine.
Wild caught Sardines and Salmon are also vitamin/mineral powerhouses.
  11. @thelmafigueroa8877: keto vs vegan which is a healthier diet????
  12. @megankristal1025: Hey you guys !! Idk if this happened to you guys but I always want desserts. After I switched to Keto it was hard finding good and healthy snacks butt I did come across this recipe book which set me up for success:) hopefully it will do the same for you
  13. @evanrutherfordlazyahole9079: I'll come back
  14. @alexa.9446: Could also be that a meat heavy diet is STRONGLY associated with all cause mortality. Low carb diets are the biggest scam in the health and fitness world. But then again, perhaps there are too many Americans already on the planet so self-elimination may not be such a bad thing.
  15. @leeuniverse: In other words, be sure to eat Greens, Fish, Pork, Seaweed, Fish, Berries, and drink an Electrolyte and Mineral Drink or similar.
Or in another way of saying it, simply do a proper Keto Diet....  LOL
  16. @chivasdeguadalajara: I'm trying to start a diet of sorts, and just been researching before I decide to follow any trend diet, I came to the conclusion that I need to design my own personal nutritional diet based on my needs, no diet out here is a cookie cutter diet
  17. @theprogrammerrolandmc3039: Keto and steroids = fail Mr Olympia
  18. @gregorywandersaround6178: This is incredibly old and obvious "news".
  19. @lmusima3275: Because they miss the sugar and carbs rush.
  20. @igloozoo3771: I quit all nutritional diets because well I love Food.

- Dr. Mercola Quits Keto Diet. Why?: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's Mike here and today popular Alternative Health magnate Dr Mercola appears to have changed his tune on a keto diet he has quit it and he explains why and this is interesting because he's going from what he describes as somebody who wrote A best-selling book on the topic and popularized the keto diet we'll look into that more to somebody who says that your body actually does need carbs I'm off the keto diet your body needs sugar and absolutely sugar if you don't get it you will be dead shortly uh and because you're being hypoglycemic coma that's what happens you just you have to have sugar your brain requires it it's absolutely imperative he talks about what can be described as his metabolic logic against a keto diet as well as actually a study that motivated him to stop but he has a long history of pseudoscientific claims so of course he does make some claims that I disagree with as well and so we'll look at this from all sides finally I want to talk about why it has just been exploding in the news that he is now an ex-kidoist Keto lower keto in when by contrast something like a popular X vegan doesn't get any media attention I'm joking this has not been covered by the news at all and we're going to talk about why that might be let's go you might not know who Dr Mercola is and even if you do you might not know that much about him so let's just do a quick background on this guy Joseph Mercola is an osteopathic physician which yes in this case actually is a type of real medical doctor unlike a lot of those low carb doctors who are actually chiropractors and he is an alternative Health guy who has been promoting and selling a lot of supplements and he is now apparently achieved over 100 million dollars worth of net worth from this which considering that he's been deemed like one of the top spreaders of pseudoscientific information is a little disturbing he is the ultimate super spreader not of the coronavirus experts say but of misinformation about covid-19 his name is Dr Joseph Mercola he even had to Fork up three million dollars after getting sued over Health claims he made about his tanning beds definitely stay off tanning beds for your skin health and on three separate occasions the FDA warned Mercola that his company was making illegal claims for their products ability to detect prevent and treat disease finally and perhaps most importantly he was nominated for the shorty award for health yes it appears they have an official game show where they decide which shorty has the best health unfortunately he wasn't able to drop it low enough because he didn't take enough of his own 50 joint formula so he we didn't win over the judges I'm kidding there is no such game show I should probably just delete everything I just said but I know that some of you just watched this for the jokes that I probably shouldn't delete anyway moving on again he claims he's sort of popular as keto by making that best selling book but first I just want to say the footage is really low quality it's like 240p and it's sped up and I could not find the original high quality video for the life of me but shout out to Red Pill vegan for finding the repost of it on Twitter anyway here he is many of you may recall that I helped popularize keto and in fact in 2017 I wrote a book called fat for fuel which when it was released was the number one book Soul in the United States uh overall so then he says he was sold on keto and the whole philosophy behind it and how the metabolic stuff worked I believed at the time that that was the best fuel that you could use to generate energy in your body but it more recently learned some things that I'm happy is open to learning some things that made him change his mind and the first has to do with sort of metabolic things but the most important one that he covers has to do with mortality because you know that over the years I've had to respond to low carbers and every time I'm like here are these meta-analyzes showing about 30 increased risk of all cause mortality on a low carb diet and it's as if they just can't hear what I'm saying like these studies don't exist in their low-carb Universe here is an accurate graphic that I have created head in the sand with the studies right there but get this Mercola admits to recently discovering this mortality risk in fact in a new study I haven't even mentioned here he is and in fact a study was published just recently in May of 2023 that was done to show what the differences are between a low carb high fat diet which I was promoting and recommending and a low fat high carb diet yes this study from the Journal of internal medicine is from 2023 in fact online ahead of print it looked at nearly 400 000 people in middle age and over the course of the study where they were following people for over 20 years each about they recorded over 160 000 deaths so this is a lot of scientific information also fun fact and also most importantly the study was co-authored by pop star Dua lipa's cousin Duo Lee Lanier in what I said and she said I didn't know that Dua Lipa had a cousin obviously that's also a joke anyway here he is well wouldn't you know both of those groups had a difference of 30 changes in their mortality rate one the low carb high fat diet increase their mortality rate by 30 whereas the converse the low-fat high carb actually decreased it yeah you can bet if a vegan study found that much higher mortality for vegans low carb people would probably never shut up about it and for more details the study looked at a overall carb score a healthy and an unhealthy score for the low and the high carb diets and for that higher carb one the healthy diet was associated with 34 lower mortality which is quite huge and the healthier was defined by more whole grains Etc and then in terms of the unhealthy low carb diet that was defined by less plant protein and more animal protein meaning the healthy low carb diet was a more plant-based low-carb diet and in particular there's just an overall increased mortality worse situation less healthy diets with saturated fat consumption as the study mentions in particular isocaloric or matched calorie replacement of three percent energy from such traded fat with other macronutrient subtypes was associated with significantly lower total and cause specific mortality but saturated fat and cholesterol levels have nothing to do with health wrong what I should mention his keto book came out six years ago guess what came out about 10 years ago this meta-analysis showing low carb diets are associated with a 30 increased mortality as well he should have been able to find this information and speaking of his book he just admitted that he's been promoting a deadly diet for a year so so bro pull your book just take it off the shelves is 200 million dollars not enough for you no my guess is he still wants to sell that keto book he wants to sell his keto Krill his keto creamer and his keto ciders apple cider vinegar I'm gonna start selling keto water finally a water with no carbs now your husband will love you again so besides the mortality issue which he says he discovered after already starting to change his mind what was his main motivation here here is your body need sugar and absolutely sugar if you don't get it you will be dead shortly and because you're being imperative I know a lot of Keto people are going to be really triggered by that statement like no it's the best fuel in the world it can run everything yeah you can run the majority of your body on ketones physically but it is still the case that your brain is going to cap off at about 60 to 75 percent of fuel from ketones depending on the study so that means the rest of your brain needs glucose that was created by your liver in a really inefficient process how does your body make sure I did not know this I did not appreciate I did not realize this was a mechanism but I'll share the mechanisms with you you might be as equally shocked as I will it makes a hormone that you all have heard of called cortisol now if you study cortisol and look at up its functions you'll find that it's it's designed for glucosomeostasis but it does far more than that it's actually a rescue hormone that your body has because if your blood sugar gets too low you're going to die yes that is true I have covered this before in my keto debunked video cortisol levels are higher in a keto diet and from this study in fact the keto dieters had 40 percent higher cortisol than the low fat Group which is no joke but I thought all that ketocortisol was just from seeing bread and not being able to eat it which makes me feel really bad for them it's very rare when someone ever dies from hypoglycemic coma because their cortisol level rescues them but they will die prematurely from the effects of elevated cortisol chronic inflammation because that's its other purposes and yeah cortisol has a ton of negative effects including really the reason that most people go on a keto diet to begin with which has to do with how your body stores fat yes it appears that higher cortisol increases the amount of fat deposition into your midsection and one sort of exaggerated example of this is people with Cushing syndrome which is a disease that causes high cortisol level tools and you can see that their limbs remain quite thin they don't store much fat there but their midsection accumulates abdominal visceral fat unfortunately so thankfully we have cortisol and when it's activated it will send signals to your body to break down your souls your bones yeah right why because it needs amino acids which is going to use as a raw material to make glucose in a process called gluconeogenesis in your liver and this is where I need to start raining them in a little bit will a few weeks on a keto diet start eating up your brain to make glucose probably not likely maybe if you do it long enough and you've eaten up all the rest of your muscle but to back the general claim that your body might take some fat free Mass like muscle and create glucose yeah from this nih-funded study by Kevin Hall on a keto versus a low-fat diet we can see from these charts that yeah there's that initial total weight loss which tricks people into thinking that everything is going awesome on a keto diet but if you look at what it is it's essentially not fat at all it's all lean mass or fat free Mass which includes things like muscle but also glycogen however as this study mentions we only have about 600 grams of glycogen in our body so even depleting all of that there's still something else missing you know maybe that's some water weight or something maybe it's muscle who knows but by contrast as you can see by the blue line over there on the right the low-fat diet is losing fat Mass which is good to know anyway moving on that elevated cortisol level is a primary way that you're going to age it is literally the primary aging hormone so if you are interested in living longer and living healthy then you're going to want to lower your cortisol levels yes well it is necessary in normal amounts excess cortisol has negative effects maybe it's one of the areas that makes the keto diet less healthy but really he seems to just be forgetting about the main reason here which is animal fat clogging arteries and killing people that way but now let's fast forward a bit to some of his claims on carbs which are almost going too far in the other direction or are just kind of weird alright so an interesting thing happened that has never happened before in me making a video and that was that the original footage was deleted between the time that I was filming the video and editing it and so all the footage you've seen in Mercola so far was actually from Red Pill vegans video he only had six minutes of it and beyond that he made some very interesting claims and so I will just sort of paraphrase them I'll try to get them as best as I can but they no longer exist so here it goes when including carbohydrates in your diet you don't want just any carbohydrate you want simple carbs yeah he said that simple carbs are better why does he just have to land in the wrong place always he can't just stick with the actual science you don't want to create endotoxins in your gut which are created by eating complex carbs with fiber which delay carb digestion so gut bacteria then digest it and turn it into endotoxins brown rice is bad but white rice is good he's saying that intestinal bacteria creates these bacterial endotoxins from complex or whole carbo hydrate Foods let's investigate this but this is also really funny because this only study that he cited here specifically says that those complex whole carbs are healthier in terms of these patterns they're associated with lower mortality but do endotoxins created in the colon from these complex carbs kill you uh well as this paper on the topic mentions fiber which is in those complex carbs decreases endotoxin production well dietary fat increases it what dietary fat are they talking about quote in particular saturated fatty acids in the intestines results in reduced microbial diversity and an increased abundance of a bacteria that creates the main endotoxin LPS which could be absorbed by the presence of dietary fat in the intestine as well so a one-two punch of fat and as this nice little chart shows yeah those plant fibers and thylakoids which are essentially just plant membranes create a little wall block in those endotox toxins Endo talk to you later and the conclusion of this study which is dedicated to this topic of endotoxins is the exact opposite of what Mercola says with respect to carbs quote diets with large amounts of saturated fat animal products and refined carbohydrate May induce endotoxemia more markedly than diets containing fiber-rich plant-based foods and another important point is I think he did make the right decision by quitting keto though because a lot of people on keto love to eat you know fried up steaks and meat but this randomized controlled trial of 117 people found that quote fried meat intake impaired glucose homeostasis and increased intestinal endotoxin and systemic inflammation Levels by influencing the gut microbiota we've already established he's wrong but from this study in terms of diabetes brown rice is associated with lower type 2 diabetes but white rice is associated with higher you know you need that fiber the healthiest carbohydrates are whole ripe fruits I think I got that one word for word who at least he says that fruit is good yes it is associated with lower mortality however as this study found you don't want to be replacing complex carbs with refined fructose which is not fruit I'm talking about refined fructose in this case in the form of little jellies increased endotoxin levels don't do that so stay away from all the high fructose corn syrup and refined fructose please but to wrap up the endotoxin subject fiber rich whole carbs are helping here when you know refined carbs and of course those animal fats are not helping but now I want to move on to a topic which I think might actually be at the heart of this which is just how keto as a diet is losing popularity as one article mentioned you know in the last few years the amount of Google searches for keto diet has dropped by about 87 percent there have also been multiple high profile diet Health rankings and keto has been at the bottom of them so I think people are being turned off from it in addition to how it's difficult to follow and has potentially bad side effects as well as negative Health disease related effects yeah you get the point but many people also had challenges following the low carb diet especially for a long time however don't get me wrong keto diets still are quite popular I mean we've got the shelves and grocery stores loaded with random sad keto products like keto bread or bread without a soul I guess you don't want bread to have a soul anyway his book is still probably responsible for putting a lot of people on a keto diet and increasing their amount of animal fat and raising their cholesterol and risk for what he is saying he's quitting for mortality I'm laughing but it's not funny anyway moving on to what I would like to call the ex keto phenomenon in that it isn't a phenomenon unlike ex-vegans who you know if a high profile one goes and quits It's All Over YouTube it's all over you know even news sites and all these people are like haha vegan diets don't work and I think I have a video response to every major one of those stories and the inconsistent claims in those but my point here is that people like to make the vegan ones popular and I feel like it's because in order for people to keep consuming animals they need to every once in a while be reassured that it's morally justifiable and okay and you know a vegan quitting just happens to do that but if somebody quits a keto diet that is loaded with meat which they also love to eat they don't want to hear about somebody failing that would not be nice and I think another reason it isn't news is because a lot of people go into a keto diet being like this is just a short-term weight loss diet that being said a large portion of the community believes that it's the natural state of the body and that they should be in it long term and then of course we have people that have been promoting it over a long period of time like Mercola quitting which has a lot of significance in conclusion it's a really good good that Dr Mercola is quitting a high animal fat keto diet you know for mortality and just understanding metabolism a little more despite still getting some things a little bit wrong but I'm kind of annoyed that he's not doing it in a more public way he should be just going on his platforms that he hasn't been banned from for misinformation which you know at least his website being like I have quit a keto diet because of mortality concerns and because of these metabolic reasons the body needs carbohydrates does best with carbohydrates so you should maybe not be buying all of my keto books and products oh wait he would never say that end part and yeah he is right about the cortisol aspect we have studies showing keto dieters having higher cortisol levels which are not good but he's definitely wrong about that endotoxin issue yes endotoxins are a concern but fiber rich whole carbohydrates keep them down and animal fats and some refined sugars also can get it going up which you don't want to do anyway let me know down below what you thought about all of this and of course feel free to like subscribe all that good stuff and I'll see you in the next one thanks for watching foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @veganpowersupergirl [1 likes]: I love be vegan 💚
  2. @user-d5n3i: I am allergic to grains, all of them. I am allegic to dairy. My digestive system does not tolerate legumes. I can tolerate very occasional small quantaties of nuts. I am so tired of folks claiming vegan is the only way to eat and is apprpriate for everyone. Please try for 90 days to consume fruits and veggies ONLY. Then report back to me how you would suggest I eat. How did you make it work for you? I look forward to hearing from you on October 30th. Thank you.
  3. @L.Brown24: Funny, the keto diet was created and has proven to help people with schizophrenia and bi-polar disorders.  Furthermore, all wheat products grown in America is sprayed with glyphosate, which is a known Carcinogen.  Not to mention non nutrient dense.   Curious what we don’t know about with this change…$$?
  4. @Nad-v7j: Wow, this is weird.  Ive seen so many recent videos on how keto and carnivore is reversing alzheimers and many other diseases.  Something just seems fishy with his reversal.  Think about it: Why the attack on cattle farms, why bill gates alpha gal/allergy to red meat ticks.  Use logic.  If keto or carnivore can return someone from dementia, etc, a death sentence, I'll takebit.
  5. @arya_awake: What's so important about keto studies is that low carber ARE health conscious people, so a lot of the confounding variables are already controlled
  6. @Kevin-e7m3g: Humans of always Eton berries roots tubers nuts and seeds when they were available.
  7. @jozsefiszaly5268: At least his name was not "Mercola the keto man"... What will you do if found out that vegan diet is not the best for you long term? Would you be brave enough to change your name to "Mic the Ex-Vegan"?
  8. @tonymorgan9389: He was spot on about the clot shot
  9. @waffle_chair9269: High cortisol is a side effect in Cushing. This guy spreading his own misinformation
  10. @waffle_chair9269: This guy uses mainstream news as his reference 😂😂😂😂😂 let me guess, he never researched the benefits of off label medicines that have been proven to work great against Covid. I’ll bet he’s never made an independent discovery of anything, just uses other well known names to create his content , riding their coattails 😂
  11. @brendawood6712: The vegan diet is the worst
  12. @OutofCAasap: So, Mic the Vegan chucklehead, I suppose you were pushing the covid shots. How is that working out?
  13. @ronlentjes2739: I threw away 90% of foods into garbage and only eat whole foods, butter, clarified butter, whole cream milk, vegetables, fruit, salmon, eggs, nuts, hard cheese. No wheat. No sugar. No artificial sugar. No Aluminium. No processed foods. I only sweeten with fruits. Kinda like a keto'-veg-fruit high fat low carb diet - not in ketosis. But do 7 day water and minerals in ketosis fasting once in a while. Lots of energy. Works for me. Oh and NO vegetable oils aka poison.
  14. @TeodoraDaniela-vu2zy: extreme vegan  and extreme keto,  and extreme everything is dangerous!  Seeds oils are dangereous, 
....give me a break
people lived thousand years with animal fats.
The problem now is that we eat too much! too much the vegetable oils, too much sugar, too much fat .
and Covid  we all now
  15. @dudexyt: Dr. Atkins probably was the first to keto. But his diet used ketosis to kick start weight loss and then when you reach a certain level of weight you reintroduce carbs slowly. But people took Atkins to mean to eat nothing but steak and butter.
  16. @wabond: I think we should respect people from the low carb community who will publicly admit they were wrong.
  17. @unknownunknown-lg4vc: He may have supplements but they are actually the best and purest. I know for a fact low fat makes you burn fat. And complex carbs like brown rice ferment in your digestive system and that is not good as it creates fructose A simple carb like white rice , no fermentation and simple glucose rather than fructose.  I have a fructose intolerant variant and  really learning what you eat isn’t what your body keeps it as. It all changes chemically so knowing this is crucial. Every single person is different in how it processes foods. I went vegan in 1975  I thought I knew a lot as I studied everything. Unless you know your body’s  allowances nothing will work right.
  18. @Marigold-m2: One Keto YT Channel "influencer" was very vocal about quitting Keto & why, Headbangers Kitchen!  He was honest. The rest either slowly or silently  disappeared or went hardcore "Carnivore"  & OMAD because they all plateaued with their weight loss.  Many gained weight back.  The info is out there.
  19. @Marigold-m2: An "osteopath" is not a medical doctor unless they are  registered with the College of Physicians & Surgeons & adhere to the same rules as Medical Doctors.  Osteopaths practise "alternative medicine".  Whatever the hell that means.  Vitamins, a wing & a prayer & probably some witch craft.
  20. @Razaqinnit: 2:30 you've earned all my respect for this😂😂😂💔

- Dom D’Agostino - Achieving Therapeutic Ketosis: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this lecture is being brought to you in part by the generous Gifts of these sponsors great to be back here uh I see some familiar faces some uh quite a few new faces too uh as Lori said it's been years it's hard to believe nine or 10 years since I've I've came here I've been up many times before to see other speakers but uh it's all it's great to see you thank you all for attending tonight I appreciate it so as Lori mentioned um I'm an associate professor at the University of South Florida and uh I did my post-doctoral fellowship there I have been researching uh different methods to achieve uh therapeutic ketosis can you all hear me okay I want to make sure it's loud enough yeah so uh I started started uh my post-doctoral fellowship in 2004 uh but prior to that I was uh also studying extreme environments in the context of hypoxia which is low oxygen and my post-doctoral fellowship was um The Proposal was through the office of Navy research to understand and mitigate oxygen toxicity seizures so this is a limitation for Navy SEAL diving it's also a limitation for hyper bar oxygen therapy which has 15 different approved uh FDA approved applications so uh our work is done at University of South Florida Hyperbaric biomedical research lab and we also have a metabolic medicine research lab and uh I do a number of projects in partnership with ihmc uh my University uh has me disclose you know a number of things including our research support uh the things I'll be talking about today are uh tied to therapeutically and scientifically to a number of USF patents uh and patent royalties do come back to me and they support a lot of the research some of the research that we do in the lab I consult for a number of different companies that develop uh various technologies that help us uh Advance the science in the application of metabolic therapies including ketogenic therapies uh we have I'm anomer of a company from Consulting I also co-host uh a metabolic link podcast so over the last year or two we've developed metabolic link podcast and also a co-host for the metabolic Health Summit which was in clear waterer Florida and we had over 600 attendees for that so everything that I'm talking about today do not please do not take it as medical or nutrition advice so uh I want to give a little bit of background and context of what I'll be talking about um in 2023 about 6 months ago I gave a talk at ihmc in pensac and that that talk was really focused on uh some extreme environments but also ketones mostly focusing on the neuroscience and uh the neuroprotective aspects of therapeutic ketosis especially in the context of supplemental ketosis and uh that talk you can reference that talk if you're really interested in neurological effects of ketones and I did talk a little bit about the proven and emerging applications of therapeutic ketosis um but today I really want to talk about things that are actionable so you guys I want I want you guys to come out of this lecture with information that you can uh use tomorrow uh that's very actionable so I'll be talking about different methods for achieving sustaining and also monitoring therapeutic ketosis or dietary ketosis and there's different levels of ketosis and many different applications that I will highlight in addition to that I think it's really important for us to take our health into our own hands and so we can be so we we can advocate for uh for self-monitoring so there's a lot of things that you could do at home in regards to monitoring cardiometabolic biomarkers to assess your response to different dietary therapies and your overall metabolic Health your longevity and your health span will be tightly linked to your overall metabolic health and I have worked with at least a dozen of the leading scientists and practitioners in the world to identify specific biomarkers that we should be monitoring and these are not biomarkers that are traditionally part of your yearly exam that you would have at the doctor so I'm excited to sort of highlight some of these biomarkers uh some of them you're familiar with a few you may not be familiar with and of course I have references and resources at the end of my talk and if anyone wants a copy of my talk uh feel free to email me and I'll send you a PDF copy of the lectures today but briefly I just want to highlight some of the work that I talked about like nine years ago which was really uh we studied extreme environments from the context of the mitochondria inside the cell that that are the PowerHouse of the cell they have so many different functions but uh in my early work as a post-doctoral fellow uh developed various technologies that allowed us to understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of oxygen toxicity and then I realized that many of these metabolic mechanisms and signaling pathways are intimately linked to other neurological diseases including you know epilepsy Alzheimer's disease Parkinson's disease and even cancer so our lab actually took another Direction which I think I talked about in about n years ago on the metabolic theory of cancer and that project is very active we have uh a number of different graduate students postdocs and research Associates working with the mafit cancer center to move that science into clinical application and I don't have much time to talk about it here but I just wanted to highlight that so uh I've studied oxygen toxicity and neuroprotective effects of ketones in mitochondria in brain slices and in animal models where we were actually able to uh let me see oops sorry we were actually able to test a ketone Esther and it had a neuroprotective anti-seizure effect that was greater than any other anti-epileptic drug that had been used uh at the time so so the idea was then to develop um metabolites that our body makes and to basically administer these metabolites acutely before a simulated Navy dive Navy SEAL dive and in the process of doing that that through uh a series of studies that we published we showed that this remarkable anti-seizure neuroprotective effects so that was you know over 10 years ago we published that and I'm really excited to to just say we published a lot since then on different formulations of exogenous ketones and the neuroprotective effects and I understand that Dr morly Stone was a speaker a month or two ago and he also talked about the neuroprotective effects of ketones in particular uh Ketone Esther uh for traumatic brain injury uh so uh we will I'll highlight a little bit of that in regards to the neuro protection effects so we did a lot of the work in cells animals and we moved it to human studies and I was a participant at NASA's extreme environment Mission operations where as did Don kgas a former ihmc employee lived underwater for 9 to 10 days my wife was also on U Nemo mission number 23 I was mission number 22 and I think Don kagus who gave a talk here on Nemo was mission number 21 so I lived in a hyperbaric environment and actually looked monitored my ketones and lived in a state of ketosis and we have a lot of data from that some of it we've published some of it we have not published but I think an important aspect of this talk is that we've moved the rat studies we've published multiple studies in animal models and in rats and we've moved that to human clinical trials at Duke University and the the pi for that is Dr Bruce Derek uh they have an amazing facility there uh environmental facility and we are they're doing studies pretty much every day they put subjects inside a hyperbaric chamber where they are uh navigating um uh various cognitive tasks they're exercising uh they're taking blood that's going outside the chamber it's being analyzed and these studies are done uh in the absence and the presence of being in ketosis so that includes dietary ketosis and also more recently uh supplemental ketosis which is acutely administered prior to them uh being put inside the chamber and then they are pressurized to the point where they have a simulated oxygen toxicity seizure so we can measure brain activity and actually predict an impending seizure before it happens through EEG so there's exciting data that's coming out of that so it took about 10 years to move the animal model studies into human clinical trials and I think 10 years ago I might have had this slide because it was so such a seminal study that motivated me and many people in the lab uh and many other investigators that study uh fasting and therapeutic ketosis and the uh the role that ketones play in brain energy metabolism so this study was done by Oliver Owen his name's not showing up but also Dr George Cahill uh at Harvard Medical School in the mid 1960s and prior to 1967 it was thought that the brain could only use glucose as an energy source so we did a series of studies that could not be replicated today because it would be unethical because they fasted subjects for 40 days so these subjects were overweight so they completely deprived them of food they gave them water and some electrolytes but no calories for 40 days so uh in the process of doing that their GL glucose levels dropped but it it stayed you know about 3 Millar which is you know low but steady our body has the ability to make glucose if we're not eating sugar and not eating carbohydrates so that's a really important point when I talk about low carb diets and ketogenic diets that your body can safely regulate there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain our blood glucose so you're not going to go hypoglycemic under rare situations that happens but it's very rare but the important point is that after about 7 days to 10 days the blood levels of ketones are elevated such that they are they get above the level of glucose uh in circulation and also in the brain and after about s to 10 days of fasting ketones provide more than half of our brain energy needs so whatever is in the blood it freely crosses over What's called the blood brain barrier and your B your brain can use this as source of energy so prior to like 1967 this was completely unknown so they had to rewrite essentially the textbooks and an extension of the study and another group they studied they administered the hormone insulin so insulin is used by type 1 diabetics to uh when you eat carbohydrates your body cannot use the sugar unless you have insulin available so a type 1 diabetic needs to inject insulin for that glucose to work but if you are a normal healthy person and you inject 20 IUS of insulin that is essentially like giving a uh essentially a lethal dose it would be like a lethal injection right but the these subjects that were in this particular study after 40 days of fasting and there was another study believe it or not that actually had subjects study uh fast for 60 days they administered insulin and uh let me see if the pointer here works okay can you see that yeah okay they administered insulin and they dropped the subject's blood glucose down below 1 Millar that is universally fatal if all of you were eating just a standard American diet and we injected that amount of insulin in your blood glucose everybody here would die very quickly right so they must have been confident that they were not going to hurt the subjects because the subjects were completely asymptomatic for hypoglycemia because their ketones were elevated when I when I read these this work work if you go to an endocrinologist and you show them this they would be like this is impossible like this this could not happen because literature was kind of buried in the archives and it's it's really fun to dig it up and to see kind of what happens right because I teach medical students you know this scenario here as your blood glucose drops down below 3 Millar you start to get central your brain starts to dysfunction and essentially go into a coma and death when it goes below 2 Millar well they were at 1 Millar here so this was very inspiring to me because it gave me the idea that if we could put ketones into a supplement then this could be an alternative fuel that the brain could use so and that could be achieved through a variety of different ways so uh my work my initial work was really focused on uh mitigating oxygen toxicity seizures and I was inspired by uh Jim Abrams the Hollywood producer of the Charlie foundation and I connected with him in 2012 prior to giving a tedex talk uh in Tampa and uh you know he told me that you know I could use some of the slides and put him in the story which really inspired me I grabbed this slide off the John's Hopkins website uh and I mentioned Jim because in 1994 I was a nutrition student and I saw dine NBC where he talked about this weird diet and kind of wrote it off because I I thought ketogenic diets were like fad diets and this was like a one-off you know some kind of rare scenario but anyway uh his son Charlie tried multiple anti-epileptic drugs and failed and when he was put on a ketogenic diet it essentially cured his seizures not only did his seizures stop he was able to get off of the diet and his seizures never came back again after following the diet for several years so uh and a lot of people tell me it's like you know I heard about this ketogenic diet thing and it must have been a fat because I don't hear about it anymore but I'm here to tell you that the research on the ketogenic diet is exploding and there are many different applications emerging for therapeutic ketosis so if we do an analysis of the literature we could see in 2022 there was 604 peer-reviewed Publications on ketogenic diet therapies and in 2023 in January I did an analysis of PubMed and there's 2 and uh in 2023 600 726 peer- reviewed Publications and 604 the year before another uh movie that really inspired me was with Merl stre Merl stre did a movie about the ketogenic diet and it was called first Do no harm and it was really a docu drama about Jim story and that was a movie that I watched uh well over 1997 it was years later but it inspired me to go down this path and when when I first started studying the ketogenic diet in uh 2008 or n there were only about two or three applications so uh yes or today actually I did a full analysis of clinical trials.gov and I counted 498 registered clinical trials on the ketogenic diet so and you can look at the various applications which of course epilepsy it's very well accepted that epilepsy is um the standard of care for drug refract epilepsy but there's Alzheimer's disease 14 clinical trials Parkinson's disease cancer which is a big part of what our lab does uh but and these are more of the evidence-based applications here but then you have some really interesting emerging applications for example uh metabolic Psychiatry is a field that's exploding now and psychiatric disorders can include bipolar disorder schizophrenia uh anxiety uh autism also anorexia anorexia come to find out kills more people as a psychiatric disorder more people die of anorexia than any other psychiatric Disorder so that was really interesting to me uh so there's a number of I've been in touch with the researchers that are doing a lot of This research and it's just really uh inspiring that we are kind of going back to our roots and using ketogenic metabolic therapies um and what's important about this research I put in the key term ketogenic diet but many of these studies here I would say about 20 to 30% of them were also using a various Ketone supplements or medium chain triglyceride oil also known as MCT oil that you could get at CVS or even Walmart or Amazon so uh so that leads us to some of the research being done on Ketone supplementation so our lab studies ketogenic diet and we also study various forms of ketone supplementation that could further augment the therapeutic efficacy of the ketogenic diet or in some cases people cannot are unwilling or they're unable to follow a ketogenic diet and you could add Ketone supplementation to a standard diet and get many of the benefits the rat studies that we did the anti-seizure effects those rat studies were eating a high carbohydrate standard rat chow and we gave them Ketone supplementation 30 minutes prior to inducing a seizure and it gave neuroprotective effects in 30 minutes just eating a standard rodent Chow so I did a full analysis of the studies uh this morning and there were 147 registered clinical trials investigating as a form of therapy a ketone supplement so when I was here nine years ago this is very new technology so there was there was no studies so for this level of research to be done for registered clinical trials that's very inspiring so there are different types of exogenous ketones Ketone Esters Ketone salts uh the Ketone salts taste much better and I think that would be more of a commercially available salt that you could beted at any Walgreens or Walmart or Amazon uh but also uh MCT oil which is derived from coconut oil when we ingest medium chain triglyceride oil and I know Dr Mary Newport uh who's a dear friend of mine gave lectures here I think maybe one or two lectures also Dr Steven kunan from Canada gave a lecture uh and Pensacola and here too on the benefits of MCT oil for Alzheimer's disease so there's 705 studies just on MCT oil so this is cheap it's readily available and it's highly efficacious when you know what do we have for Alzheimer's drugs here the I'm here to tell you that MCT oil probably works better than many of these Alzheimer's drugs that you hear a lot about in the news news so just keep that in mind of course you can't make it a drug but it's it's readily available and there's science to back it up and even human clinical trials so these are a few clinical trials that I'm involved in and uh and there's a number of emerging applications for Ketone supplementation um including migraines you know cardiovascular function type two diabetes there's a lot of exercise studies so there's many studies using exogenous ketones to further enhance uh exercise performance and also exercise recovery and we're doing some of that work too so uh I want to I'm giving you kind of a lot of Science and just sort of some context to understand uh what I'll be talking about but so I think it's important to acknowledge that we hear about the keto diet all the time uh being in a being on the keto diet ketogenic diet is very unique it's unlike any other diet because it's defined by the elevation of an objective biomarker when you go on a Mediterranean diet when you go on a vegan diet when you go on any kind of diet um there's really not science to basically sort of objectively demonstrate that you're on the diet so the ketogenic diet is very scientific in that it's very calculated and there's an objective biomarker which is breath ketones urine ketones or blood ketones or interstitial ketones which I'll talk about later and there's different levels that predict and indicate that you're in a state of therapeutic ketosis so that's important to recognize that we have commercially available tools that can put us into a state of therapeutic ketosis and we have commercially available monitoring technologies that we can get at any drugstore or Amazon that could give us feedback that we can tit trate the level of ketones to achieve a therapeutic range for our particular disorder if we're treating something or or using it as a lifestyle approach so there are many different types of ketogenic diets from the classical ketogenic diet the modified Atkins diet or the modified in the medium chain triglyceride diet which is a low carb diet with added MCT oil uh as a type of fat MCT oil has no flavor or no taste so you can incorporate it into salad dressings you can use it uh to cook with you can add it to different dishes uh you can even add it to oatmeal I've you know got several email from from people that older people that added it to oatmeal and saw benefits in regards to cognition so they're adding it to uh a diet that's not ketogenic or low carbon so and then you have uh exogenous ketones that are being sold one of the products I use it's called keto uh it tastes good it's electrolytes so you have beta hydroxy berate which which is a ketone and it's bound to sodium potassium mag magnesium or calcium you ingest it the ketones go and give your body energy give your brain energy and your body can also use the electrolytes which tend to be depleted a little bit more if you're on a low carb diet or ketogenic diet Ketone Esters we do we've published most of our research with Ketone Esters although the salts are starting to achieve the same level of potency uh and we're we're putting because keton ners taste so bad we've actually put them into pills and we're using it in that study at at Duke University so as of right now now I've just talked about ketones as a source of energy that we can monitor with commercially available technology uh source of energy for the brain for the heart um and for our muscles but a lot of The Cutting Edge research right now is focused on the signaling effects of ketones so ketones are not only uh a very favorable energy metabolite uh they can sort of generate more ATP per oxygen uh than glucose so early studies were done in the heart showing that there's enhanced energetic efficiency in the heart when it's metabolizing ketones for energy so ketones are very good for the heart uh your heart burns mostly fatty acids and if you're on a ketogenic diet ketones too uh more your heart burns more fat for fuel than it does for glucose than glucose for fuel but an important thing to also uh understand and this is really only the last 5 or 10 years that ketones have very powerful signaling effects when you're on a ketogenic diet it changes your metabolic physiology this changes your brain energy metabolism and it also profoundly changes the neuropharmacology of your brain meaning that the neurotransmitters that keep that elevate our mood uh neurotransmitters that are associated with anti- uh epilepsy effects neurotransmitters that can improve cognition and memory are significantly altered when you're in a state of ketosis so a lot of the research now especially in metabolic Psychiatry when it comes to bipolar disorder when it comes to schizophrenia when it comes to depression a lot of large scale clinical trials are really focusing on how our brain is changing not only energetically but also the neurotransmitters and many many of these neurotransmitters are amenable to pharmacological manipulation like SS RIS and you've heard of many anticho drugs so what the ketogenic diet does is bring many of these neurotransmitters back into balance uh which can be achieved potentially without drug therapy so there are potential side effects of a clinical ketogenic diet so a clinical ketogenic diet is like a prescription strength ketogenic diet there's like the internet keto where you just like do under 50 grams of carbohydrates a day and then there's a clinical ketogenic diet where the macronutrients and the ratios are very carefully calculated uh for example in pediatric epilepsy or even adult epilepsy so from the world of so it's been the ketogenic diet has been used in epilepsy for over a hundred years in 1920 and 1921 it started to be used uh some contraindications are pancreatitis liver disease and fatty acid oxidation disorders our liver is the site of Ketone production so if our liver is not healthy we cannot achieve and sustain uh ketosis carnitine deficiency carnitine is a supplement that you can take there's primary carnitine deficiency and secondary so I'm not going to go into it but uh but I'll say that when you go on a ketogenic diet carnitine is a molecule that helps you transport the fat into the tissues because we're burning so much fat on a ketogenic diet we could potentially deplete our bodies of carnitine if we're not eating enough meat uh so and the early studies were just mostly Dairy based and in kids they saw carnitine deficiency uh quite often electrolyte deficiencies this could be overcome by taking an electrolyte supplement a ketone electrolyte supplement like the Ketone salt that could be used lipid abnormalities in some kids triglycerides LDL cholesterol but apob is a better measure of that that can be problematic in some people uh some people may naturally see an elevation of the LDL cholesterol the bad cholesterol but uh many other biomarkers improve in a more favorable Direction so you have to look at all the other biomarkers um sort of together and that's why I'm going to talk about sort of other biomarkers that are associated with cardi metabolic risk a lot of people ask can I follow a ketogenic diet if I have kidney stones there is a higher prevalence of kidney stones in kids that follow a ketogenic diet so this is something that you want to monitor closely if you go on a low carb diet or ketogenic diet for kidney stones you could overcome the risk of that by increasing your water intake and also taking an electrolyte supplement so electrolytes alkalinize the blood and uh in a way that decreases the potential for kidney stones also your gallbladder is involved uh in fatty acid fat metabolism and some people have their gallbladder removed so uh a lot of questions often get asked Can someone follow a ketogenic diet if they had their gallbladder removed so you can as long as you start a low carb diet that's moderate in fat and gradually add fat later you can uh adapt to uh a ketogenic diet so I've communicated with many patients for example that did not have a gallbladder that did quite well because your your pancreas can can over can compensate and and produce the enzymes needed a lot of questions I get about females and ketogenic diets so there is literature in the epilepsy literature that uh there's a higher potential for a Menara which is a woman losing her period so that's associated uh quite often associated with going on a ketogenic diet and it's calorie restricted and plus you have the females exercising or overe exercising this produces an energy deficit and this has a counterregulatory hormonal response so a lot of females younger females that are into running long-distance running especially uh or on restrictive diets can lose their period and uh I think I think that explains that uh that's some aspects of that also there has been reports of lower thyroid on a ketogenic diet especially in women but a report that recently came out and the the um the PM ID uh if you can see this number here if you just Google that number it'll bring you up to the actual publication it's the PubMed ID number uh a recent report came out uh showing that women have lower thyroid but these women were exceptionally lean and they are exceptionally athletic so the low thyroid was definitely not impacting their body composition because they had already they're already so lean on a ketogenic diet so I think it's uh that's still being unpacked and there's research being done on that right now investigators working on that so I get this question a lot so I think you know it's it's I'll say the research is still in progress to elucidate why that's happening so I think it's really important for people to do self-monitoring of biomarkers And in regards to ketones um you know if you can't these are two quotes that you might have heard if you can't if you cannot measure it you cannot improve it right if you don't know where you're at so it's really important to know where your Baseline at and then measure it so we can can improve upon that especially in their trajectory of enhancing your metabolic health and your health span and Longevity right so another quote that gets thrown around is what gets measured uh gets managed right by Peter duer so there are a variety of ketogenic monitoring tools and some of them are cheaper and some of them are more expensive the urine ketone strips are still used by many Pediatric and uh epilepsy clinics and they are relatively you know okay a lot of biohackers kind of poo poo them but I still think they are good tools to show you if you're in a relative state of ketosis so I think the the barrier of Entry could be to use these urine ketone strips there may be 25 cents per strip and then many of them too have a number of other um a number of other me see if I get the pointer here they measure up to 10 different things like they look to see if your your protein levels your p pH levels if you have an infection uh so there especially the seamen multi sticks they're really uh they're really great tools and they're super cheap so it's a good way to get started they measure urine acetoacetate and then there's another a breath meter on the market uh a device that you can blow into and it'll give you your relative calculation of ketones in the breath when you go on a ketogenic diet your body produces three ketones B hydroxy berate acetoacetate and acetone so the acetoacetates measured in the urine acetone is measured in the breath it gives your breath kind of like a fruity smell uh especially when you first start and then that kind of go goes away and then the blood Ketone meters is what we mostly use for research and uh these are there's two different devices there's Abbot makes the Precision extra device and I have pictures of the devices here and then most people nowadays are actually using the keto Mojo device because the strips are about half the amount of money and also it's a bit more accurate so that's the keto Mojo device uh right here on the right so the future Direction I know Dr Morley Stone talked about continuous glucose monitors and he touched upon I believe continuous Ketone monitors and continuous lactate monitors I'm just completing the paperwork to actually get uh a ketone glucose a ketone glucose and lactate continuous monitor so almost like you have you could have your phone and have a real time snapshot of your metabolic physiology obviously this can be very very important for the war fighter for the Navy Seal for the astronaut which is kind of like the realm that I work in but I'm probably more excited about the clinical applications of this technology for managing everything from epilepsy to cancer to rare diseases we study inborn eras of metabolism and I talked to these families and it's just it's even a simple continuous key tone monitor which I wear can help families tremendously by you could just see compliance to the diet you know and I think there's just so much use to this technology um for example here this is a type oops a type one diabetic if you look here on a standard you know American Diabetes Association high carb diet right here and this is after uh like two weeks of being on a low carb diet so these these these postprandial glucose spikes the more spikes you have that's actually taking years off of your life those spikes are causing glycation they're causing inflammation they're impacting your brain function so if you can achieve a a low and steady glucose that is going to have profound effects on your metabolic health and your LIF span so this technology is emerging now where we can put something the size of a nickel on our our arm and it measures what's called interstitial glucose ketones or lactate and the the first publication came out on this in 2020 or 2021 and this is the pub Med number if you want to Google it and this is just shows various sensors that were being developed and now Abbot has the Abbot lingo device it's in the UK it should be coming over soon I'll be testing it I'm excited uh I was hoping to get some data to show you here but uh didn't happen because there's a lot of paperwork to using these devices but so that's that's in that's the biomarker Ketone so as mentioned the ketogenic diet is defined objectively by the elevation and sustainment of ketones and um I think and here are the levels too so I just want to mention just for reference uh you know the the urine ketone strips have like a little color indicator and then the breath Ketone has the different levels that you can achieve so that's low ketones to high ketones and then in in regards to blood level of ketosis if you're above 0 five that's the threshold for ketosis right so now there are other super important biomarkers that are uh that are really important in regards to when you're on a ketogenic diet and blood pressure is one of them you've all heard of blood pressure so it's not nothing Innovative but when we go to the doctor we typically get our blood pressure measured once and I don't know about you but I have white coat syndrome when I go there and I measured my blood pressure the last time it was 135 over like 86 or something like that so uh so when I measure my blood pressure at home I measure it and this is what you have to do so I've talked to many I've talked to the best practitioners in the world the smartest scientists and the clinicians you take three readings three times a day and do that you know once every couple weeks so the first reading for me I was going to take a picture of it but it's the exact same reading I found on the Amazon uh picture of this device so so I took that picture out and it was literally the exact same reading and this is also the device I Ed the Omron I think it's like 50 bucks 60 bucks on Amazon uh but blood pressure is incredibly important and I think it can be a silent killer so know your blood pressure and measure it correctly so you want to sit down rested get your arm in the proper position and then measure uh once rest and relax 2 or 3 minutes measure again rest and relax two or 3 minutes and measure again on the third measurement for me just the other day I was 99 over 58 which is kind of low but I feel like I can also you know lower my blood pressure when I'm hyped up and at work maybe lecturing and things like that it could be elevated and kind of high so uh people are working on continuous blood pressure measurements so you could have a you could have that like a continuous glucose measurement so optimal level uh is you know under 120 uh systolic over diastolic so know this number and know how to measure it right and if it's high at the doctor's get a device and measure it at home so that's like this simple that's one that you're all kind of familiar with and then we all have access to these continuous glucose monitors your fasting blood glucose is probably one of the best indicators of your metabolic Health than any other you know uh metabolite right so we have access to this technology so not just your fasting blood glucose is one number but what's probably more important is what happens when you eat a meal if your glucose is 85 but spikes up to 300 after you eat a meal those spikes can accumulate over time and they're doing damage to your body so uh so you want you know an optimal level to be under 120 in regards to uh you know a continuous glucose monitor so so you're fasting glucose you want it under 100 milligrams per d leader uh but then there's technologies that I was talking about uh CGM devices a continuous glucose monitors these are sold by Abbot and also sold by Dexcom and you do need a prescription but I'm not going to tell you the websites but if you Google like you know cgms you can find them online and then pick them up at Costco pretty cheap so my medical students figured it out they're like Dr dagostino I don't need a prescription I could do this so they're all wearing their CGM now so so you don't need a prescription but you know I'm not going to give you the website name but you can Google it and find it and then there's companies that I consult for for example like levels health so they create an app that integrates like your Fitbit it integrates your Apple watch it integrates your blood workor all into one app and then you have your whole Health dashboard like on your app so this technology is very useful because I went to Sam's Club and I bought a keto cereal that I see everywhere it's very popular I'm not going to name the brand name but when I ate it uh my glucose spiked from 82 to about 135 so if this cereal was truly low carb and keto uh it would have not elevated my blood glucose to that so there's a lot of there's a lot of products there a lot of food products being marketed Snap products that are keto and low carb but some of these things Spike me up higher than a Snickers bar so they're being so so keep that in mind I would not know this unless I wore a continuous glucose monitor so uh by wearing this technology it allows me to be uh to investigate all these keto Foods emerging on the market uh so it's been kind of eye opening to see that so uh so a continuous glucose monitor is not something your doctor is going to tell you to use unless you have type 1 diabetes or more recently type two diabetes but I think that wearing a continuous glucose monitor for even two weeks will give you tremendous insight into your metabol abolism insulin is the most important metabolic hormone hands down that we could measure and curiously it's not part of a comprehensive metabolic panel so everybody who has health insurance typically gets you know uh your insurance covers your blood work once or twice a year so you get a comprehensive metabolic panel but insulin's not on it but it is by far the most important metabolic hormone so ask your doctor to add insulin uh and you can convince them maybe you know you say diabetes in the family or something like that and they could probably add it on but metabolic syndrome results from what's called insulin resistance or hyperinsulinemia high insulin fuels heart disease risk and cardiovascular disease risk so keep that in mind and Insulin high levels of insulin are a very potent stimulus for many different types of cancers so your blood level of insulin can highly predict uh getting cancer your level of inflammation also if you have cancer uh the outcomes will be very high very bad if your blood gluc if your blood insulin and glucose are high so and they don't always correlate sometimes people can have relatively low glucose and high insulin and if you have high GL high glucose levels your insulin is probably also high too uh so the optimal levels uh are and I use uh I talk about self-monitoring because there are kits that are available zrt Labs is one of the kits that we use we use it in our NASA project and they blood spot cards uh cards that you can put blood on these cards and actually goes to a lab and gets analyzed so these are the optimal levels of insulin uh based upon uh you know a number of different healthc care the leading experts in the world uh and we did a clinical trial and for the general population we're finding insulin somewhere between like 5 to 8 to 10 for people that are relatively healthy so that is definitely not as far from optimal so the the fastest way to bring your glucose down is to take out processed foods and to remove sugar and to decrease your overall carbohydrate consumption hemoglobin A1c so this may be something that you included in blood work if not you should uh especially as we get older our blood glucose creeps up and hemoglobin A1c is an aggregate for uh glucose levels over months and high hemoglobin A1c is associated with cardiovascular risk uh neuropathy uh nephropathy inflammation in the kidneys and also retinopathy your eye is probably the most metabolically demanding organ so that's why when your blood glucose level gets high for example in like type 1 diabetes you could go blind so keeping your blood glucose levels low and steady is the most important thing that we could do for our Eye Health especially I am genetically predisposed to macular degeneration so I am kind of zeroed in that actually motivated me to get my glucose optimal and under control and uh and hemoglobin A1c if you want optimal levels you want to get 5.2% or lower generally speaking lower is better if you're 4.2 that's really low but that's great you know so uh at one point I was very restrictive ketogenic diet it went down to 3.9 or 3.5 and that's really low but now I'm typically about 4.2 so uh so these levels are again these levels optimal normal pre-diabetes some of these are taken from the medical textbooks but it's vetted out through a group of practitioners that I know that kind of uh are involved in longevity and health optimization uric acid is something that you probably have not heard of but you can add it to your comprehensive uh metabolic panel and uric acid or hyperuricemia is impc at in the ideology of gout uh heard about gout eating uh lots of meat and organ meats and also high levels of fructose and sugar and alcohol are really uh linked to uh to gout so high uric acid is a contributing factor to hypertension metabolic disease non-alcoholic fatty liver disease again so foods that are really high in purans include like liver kidney heart I eat a lot of those foods but my uric acid is low because it's it's low I eat drink very little alcohol maybe one one glass of wine two or three times a week uh but if you have four to six glasses of wine or alcohol per day your uric acid is probably high and that's probably one of the most uh important pathological consequences of alcohol consumption is high uric acid and um uric acid can transiently go up when you start a ketogenic diet because it competes for the Ketone transporter for elimination but once you start a ketogenic diet and your body upregulates the transporter over time and your body balances out takes about uh a few weeks and in a couple in some people a few months for uric acid to come back down so if you are monitoring that keep that in mind that when you start a ketogenic diet it could transiently increase but that's not pathological generally speaking the field does not feel that that's path pathological and here are the optimal normal and high levels high sensity C reactive protein is probably one of the most important biomarkers that has was put on my radar about 10 years ago and a lot of the emerging research is clearly showing that high sensity C reactive protein when it's elevated that's associated with depression when it's elevated it triggers you know Mania in bipolar it can trigger a seizure uh if you have an autoimmune disease that is tightly coupled to high sensity C reactive protein if you have gut issues so that could be ulcerative colitis ibf uh Crohn's disease things like that that is uh managing that disease is tightly coupled to your high sensity C reactive protein which uh when it's high your immune system is triggered and your immune system is essentially attacking your body and creating inflammation so uh high sensity C reactive protein is it's high sensity so it can detect levels in the lower range which can be really helpful when you're adjusting your diet and optimizing your diet uh C-reactive protein by itself has been associated with obesity heart disease diabetes Alzheimer's disease if we have if we get covid if we have a bacterial infection if we have cytomegalo virus Epstein bar virus herpes simplex virus if we get shingles our inflammation goes up we'll see our C reactive protein go up and most likely we'll start feeling headaches we'll get brain fog so that systemic inflammation will trigger neuroinflammation and that can have really profound effects on cognitive function and brain health so hscrp is a very sensitive indicator of that and these are the optimal levels and uh yeah I did like a little experiment on myself where um so I did a 14 I mostly eat a very low carbohydrate ketogenic diet and I did 14 days of a healthy like healthy whole grains healthy uh higher carbohydrate diet which was just 200 to 300 grams a day which is probably a little bit under the standard recommended amount uh I kept my calories matched to what I was eating with so my body weight did not go up or down but my H my hscrp went from non-detectable to 0.1 to 1.1 that's still pretty low and that's like you know a healthy range but it showed that when I added carbohydrates back into my diet something was happening maybe gut permeability maybe there's some factor in there that was you know I was trending to have more inflammation uh and my hemoglobin A1c started trending up too so oops sorry about that uh so you could see on this side this was my Baseline ketogenic diet here my insulin was 3.2 hscrp was 0.1 and my uh hemoglobin A1c was 4.7 like all so it's so if I I just did it for 14 days but if I did that for three months you know I think those levels were trending uh in the opposite direction I want them to go into so another thing I added at the last minute is vitamin B12 because uh even when I was in grad school I was you know I had friends and I knew nurses that would go into nurs nursing homes and they would do blood work on many of the P many of the the people that Liv there and see low B12 was like ubiquitous and they they would give B12 shots and within the course of a day people would wake up and have more energy like you gave them a big cup of coffee right so uh and vitamin B12 is involved in hundreds if not thousands of enzymatic reaction and is tightly coupled to our metabolism of fatty acids and also carbohydrates and also protein so vitamin B12 goes by the name calman and then there's cyano calman which is the synthetic form that we get as a supplement and methyl calman is more of a natural form and uh probably a better form if you're going to supplement with methyl coalman so low B12 can result in symptoms of Alzheimer's disease so if you go to get worked up and you have symptoms of Alzheimer's disease one of the things that they test for is vitamin B12 deficiency because it will mimic Alzheimer's disease so it's so important for brain health that if our levels are low that it can trigger Alzheimer's disease like symptoms it also uh low levels of vitamin B12 if that's sustained causes cortical and hypoc cample atrophy that means our brains literally shrink if we do not have enough B12 so this can be reversed if it's caught early enough with B12 so you want to get your B12 levels measured and you want to use uh a very bioavailable supplement ideally in the form of methyl Calin uh it supports red blood cells there's a condition called pernicious anemia and if you are low really low in uh vitamin B12 it your uh red blood cells drop and you have anemia and it's also important for homocysteine which is cardiovascular health so these are uh levels that I think are important and after the age of 50 we produce less uh of a protein uh something called intrinsic factor so our lower GI system can actually synthesize uh vitamin B12 but we tend to absorb it in the upper to Mid so your body can make it but it's not going to be kind of absorbed and as we age we make less of this intrinsic factor that allows us to absorb the B12 so I think after the age of 50 you really want to you don't want to go below 600 uh is a good rule of thumb so again oh I just want to also mention that B12 is really high in ketogenic diet foods especially muscles uh shellfish uh fish is really high eggs liver uh beef um you know sardines so all the stuff that I like to eat so this these are super high B12 Foods so but even if you're older and you're eating a lot of these foods like I said you may not have um the the enzymatic metabolic Machinery to absorb and assimilate that so that's why you want to get it checked you be 12 checked so the last we're coming to like the last biomarkers here triglycerides HDL and apob the lipids right so this is probably I get more questions about this than any other thing so high triglycerides are the most important lipid biomarker to measure tightly coupled with metabolic syndrome non-alcoholic fatty Liber disease and acute pancreatitis elevated triglycerides indicate that there's a calorie Surplus people that go from a high carbohydrate diet to a high fat diet paradox ially lower their triglycerides because you're coaxing your body to oxidize fat for fuel so we start clearing fat from the bloodstream so higher LDL or HDL is associated with reduced cardiovascular risk HDL being your good cholesterol and then there was a UK study of around 400,000 participants uh or people that found that higher levels of apob apob correlates very highly with LDL cholesterol the bad cholesterol but apob is a much better biomarker uh than LDL so uh higher levels of apob were associated with lower lifespan heart disease and stroke so not all doctors are familiar with apob so when you get your blood work request apob uh tell them that you saw a lecture that the literature shows that it's a better biomarker than LDL and they can't argue with that so they could typically add to and then your insurance will cover it uh even if they don't I think it's about $40 so uh I have the optimal levels of triglyceride here not going to go through it but optimal levels of HDL generally higher is better up to a certain point um and uh and apob levels so I want to I want to mention that when you go on a ketogenic diet many people will see an elevation of apob and LDL so this is being studied and it's actually uh the basis of of a conference that I'm attending next month actually people that have very low triglycerides and high HDL and then very high LDL they and that they're athletic and they're lean and they're overall healthy this is a particular what we call phenotype which is lean mass hyper responder I'm not going to go into it too much because it can get technical but it's a very it's one of the most intense areas of Investigation right now that's being studied so we don't at this point in time sufficiently understand if your LDL creeps up to very high levels when other biomarkers go in the right direction if this is going to be atherogenic uh we don't uh the data indicates that apob is correlated with poor outcomes so I think it would be prudent to uh to even pharmacal pharmacologically or even through manipulating your diet the types of fats that you eat uh uh and that's still debated if you know highs saturated fat is the leading driver for elevated LDL or apob I'll say it's an area of controversy and I'm just at this point in time I'm kind of Silent on it but if you are at normal risk uh you want to keep it under 110 milligrams per deciliter and uh the optimal apob is under 90 uh if you are at high risk so a lot of people have vascular disease in their family because it's like the biggest killer but if you are at low risk and you have really good uh and your other biomarkers are good so your hemoglobin A1c your blood pressure your HDL your triglycerides and your apob is above 130 which means your LDL cholesterol would be about like 190 or something like that and so many people email me that are in this situation um I would say you're not at the hazard ratio is relatively low if your other biomarkers are good there's a lot of wind and a lot of uh debate about this but I am less concerned with the elevated LDL if you are metabolically healthy I guess stated in that way so but the research is ongoing on that so if you are trying to figure out like uh if you have you know a medical condition or you're just your energy levels are low and you're trying to figure out uh you're trying to optimize your metabolism there are different types of advanced testing that I use that you know we use in our studies and things like that goova Diagnostics is a great uh company they have a whole Suite of different things and I get things done at Quest labs and uh zrt Labs sell a lot of the hom kits but when you go on a ketogenic diet here are my results here you might see some changes that uh that are flagged as being uh abnormal so one would be like in this case here uh my Ketone levels are in the red so red is bad right red is beta butc acid that's beta hydroxy butter that's a ketone so this particular Advanced test was telling me like you know I have diabetes or something so uh so it's really important that diet preference and other factors need to be considered when interpreting your results so you need to have the person who's reading your results and telling you needs to have some background in what you're doing uh my omega-3 fatty acids were super right because I eat a lot of fish and then I took another test called the Omega Quant test uh my friend Dr Ronda Patrick who actually spoke here told me about the Omega Quant test so I took that and I supplemented with like Nordic Naturals another uh omega-3 supplementation and my omega-3 levels were like they said the highest they've seen in almost anybody right so which is really good you want your omega-3 levels to be high and you want your Omega 6 levels to be relatively low because they have the more potential to oxygen iiz and Trigger inflammation and autoimmune reactions so uh the advanced testing can also measure toxic elements and I eat I eat a ton of fish but mostly small fish like uh sardines and um mackerel and I was really happy to see and I did multiple tests for heavy metals the hair test the blood test and different things that my lead and Mercury were very low but on this particular test my bismuth I didn't even know what that was was totally it was like off the charts so we had been traveling to Dominican Republic where I was eating tons of fish and all you can eat like these Buffet things and um and I I I had a tummy egg so I took Pepto Bismol so Pepto Bismol has bismuth in it so uh I got my results back I was eager to take my test because I was eating so much fish and I was like if I have heavy metal poisoning it's going to show up because I was eating like two or three pounds of fish a day but uh I did take one dose of Pepto Bismol because I think I ate too much and the test is so sensitive that it just it picked it up and it pinned it like it was like some abnormality so I had to really do some digging to figure out why that abnormality showed up um so that's you know the the the general the biomarkers that a panel of experts that I consult with really feel that these are absolutely essential and your doctor is really not going to tell you about it even the blood pressure thing like they're not going to measure unless you have clinically high blood pressure they may measure blood pressure a couple times but it's really important for you to have like a home blood pressure monitoring uh so some takeaways are that you probably saw the science and the application of what I like to call Ketone metabolic therapy so a lot of people do intermittent fasting or Tim restricted feeding and they do low carb or they do Ketone supplement these things are not mutually exclusive you could potentially do intermittent fasting and when you're eating window you could eat a low carb diet or ketogenic diet and then you could supplement on top of that so there's many different you know ways that you could achieve and sustain therapeutic ketosis I hopefully that was clear I didn't talk too much about uh fasting but uh I would direct you to the work of Dr wter Longo he does the fasting mimicking diet and uh sat and Panda I've interviewed both of them for the podcast so uh we have some interesting talks there so therapeutic ketosis generally favorably shifts brain energy neurotransmitter systems and really important card metabolic biomarkers in the right direction uh monitoring I didn't get to talk about it in another version of this talk that I had two hours I talked about vitamin D uh measuring body composition measuring strength as a biomarker it's a physical biomarker measuring your activity levels uh stress and sleep I mean that's the big kind of elephant in the room right because I found in myself is that emotional or psychological stress could shoot my hscrp through the roof and actually trigger like uh you know metabolic I could see it on my continuous glucose monitor it can elevate my glucose so these are important things to consider uh you can measure your HRV so I just added you know I I get I prefer to get body composition testing with a dexa so that's a dexa scan of me you could also and now like years ago they were like $2 $300 and now I got this for 75 bucks and I just do it once a year and it does my bone mineral density so a lot of people practitioners may be concerned about your bone mineral density on a low carb diet or ketogenic diet because of the mild acidosis but my bone mineral density I don't know if you could see it's like my it's uh it's right here it's almost off the charts so uh I've been following ketogenic diet for like 15 years so uh I don't think that's impacting bone mineral density there's something that you could do to test your hand grip strength so your grip strength interestingly correlates to your whole body strength so one of of the best you know biomarkers that we can measure is grip strength is like a couple times a year and that's a really good overall measure uh of your of your general strength in general so and then there's a lot of wearable Technologies like you know I use the Fitbit there's the Ora ring there's the whoop strap these things uh if you wear them they could give you great Insight onto your sleep and actually improve your what we call Sleep hygiene so for me I realized that I can't have two or three glasses of wine at night time at 9:00 because it's going to completely zap my deep sleep and I'm going to feel just not right the next day but if I wasn't monitoring this so this was literally my uh my sleep last night right so you want to get that deep sleep and then kick on the REM I wake up and pee about 3:00 then I go back to sleep and then I go right back into like REM sleep where I'm like dreaming and everything so this is like the normal profile uh that you want to see but if I had uh a couple nights ago I had alcohol and it was like no deep sleep and then like sketchy REM sleep and then I was like not happy the next day I was irritable so uh but I wouldn't know that if I wasn't wearing these Technologies so these things you don't have to wear them all the time but it just gives you insights to improve so here's current projects I'm not going to go all into it I kind of hit on a lot of stuff we do a lot of animal research I Mentor a lot of PhD medical students undergrads that do research on cancer and seizures and different uh inborn eras of metabolism uh the these are rare diseases but ketogenic therapies really offer hope to a lot of these families that have kids that have these disease and we're doing we've moved the the the rat science into human clinical trials and Dr Bruce Derek is doing an amazing job uh conducting these trials they're not easy to do at Duke University uh I also I teach medical students and I have them working on uh projects where we're looking at continuous glucose monitors as behavioral Tools in non-diabetics to improve uh our food selection and really an optimizing metabolic Health in people that are non-diabetic so using these as tools to prevent diabetes from happening in the first place so I think it could potentially encourage healthc care companies and insurance companies to pay a little bit now instead instead of a lot later for example if a family if everybody over 50 has Type 2 diabetes and people in this family in their' 40s get these continuous glucose monitors for like 40 bucks a month or whatever and then they can nail down and prevent diabetes from happening in the first place right so and we're doing uh a number I have uh I'm very interested in this this molecule called D allulose which is an epimer of fructose and it's in a product called RX sugar and I have to admit I am a scientific adviser for them they help fund research in the lab on this and it's called you can buy it at Walmart uh these chocolate bars they're called RX sugar and uh de allulose is very interesting because it it uses the same transporter as fructose uh like high fructose corn syrup but it promotes a lowering of blood glucose and uh it also increases something called glp1 so you've heard of OIC right so these drugs that people are injecting to lose weight so Dal allulose which is found in these chocolate bars ARX sugar can elevate glp one and actually uh uh reduce our appetite so there's some really interesting effects of these molecules so with that I probably talked over I want to thank you for your attention be glad to entertain any questions you have I have to give thanks to my beautiful wife who couldn't be here today because she's nursing a sheep that got injured today on the farm but you could see her she's on the bottom with our cows and we didn't get our sheep yet at that point in time but uh but yeah I'd also like to plug uh just everybody in my lab because they're just such an amazing crew and uh ketonutrition is my website it's an informational website don't really sell much but just information on there and then the metabolic uh Health Summit and also the metabolic link podcast be sure to tune in and I I want to mention that I'm really inspired by the education Outreach that ihmc does with these lectures and also with stem Talk podcast so be sure to listen to all your episodes of stem Talk podcast because uh Ken has some incredible uh guests on there so thank you again for your attention thank you Dom so much so we're going to be able to take just a few minutes of questions so I see two hand okay okay whoa okay wait a minute I got to remember this I'm GNA throw this at you are you okay okay I had my first epileptic seat leure on November 1st of this past year at the age of 72 did you email me I did oh yes I meant it okay great yes and um I had another one um in January and it was actually when I was doing Dr boss's sardine challenge do you know Dr BOS yes I do I know yes I was doing her three days I was H A little over halfway through a three days um sardine Challenge and I had my third my first ever um when I was awake all the others were while I was sleeping so I don't know what that means cuz I wasn't eating sugar at all yeah um so my question though is how do you match me up with someone that's doing research I'm willing to try the ketogenic diet yeah well in that particular episode like people a lot of people an abnormal stress can trigger a seizure right so we had a patient that we flew in one time for metabolic Health Summit and the stress of the flight triggered a seizure in my car when I was picking him up from the airport and and that was you know and it's really traumatizing to see that so uh sleep is absolutely essential like you know sleep hygiene and but any uh I'll say this when you go on a ketogenic diet it's a stress to the body and alter stress hormone so if you're doing I'm not as familiar with the Sardine challenge or whatever but it's if it's calorie restricted that could Elevate for example cortisol or activate your sympathetic nervous system in a way that could be a perceived threat and could change the brain in a way that could trigger seizure but the ideology of epilepsy is like largely unknown and all you know I'll say that and but what's very interesting about a a ketogenic diet when you're truly in therapeutic ketosis is that uh when you have achieved therapeutic ketosis it's ther apeutic for a wide range of seizure disorders including temporal lob epilepsy lenx Gusto syndrome D syndrome you know oxygen toxicity seizures uh and many different other types of seizure disorders independent of the ideology therapeutic ketosis if the diet is calculated and precise and Ketone levels are maintained that correlates with seizure control so I would maybe advocate for getting some of the Technologies mentioned here like a ketone monitor is maybe like 40 50 bucks and then just you know getting your Ketone levels uh achieving that and then sustaining that and then working with a practitioner too yeah not yeah yeah we need more of them education is like really really important yep to train these practitioners yeah it's great to hear that the ketogenic diet can help with a lot of metabolic diseases a lot of us however do suffer from autoimmune diseases we don't normally think of those as metabolic diseases but you've presented some evidence here that perhaps that can be used to treat systemic inflammation are there good clinical studies to show that the ketogenic diet can reduce systemic inflammation and be helpful in treating autoimmune diseases yeah that's another area if you go to clinical trials.gov um maybe two or three just two or three it wasn't really kind of on that list there but um but for autoimmune diseases uh the triggers are can be multifactorial but typically in the diet so what the ketogenic diet is is it's an Elimination Diet and is typically eliminating uh an antigen an immune you know stimulator if you will uh I'll say this I get a lot of question questions about the carnivore diet so a carnivore diet especially if it's a fatty cuts of meat is a type of a ketogenic diet and uh that Dr Bren Dr uh Brenda Leonards at Harvard Medical School is doing I would say uh you know has group of people on a carnivore diet it's not a super control trial but it's people who have been using the carnivore diet and many of them are using it for autoimmune disorders and looking at kind of cardio metabol risk factors and over the course of months now it's an ongoing clinical trial but she recently presented uh uh at the conference and it looked like a carnivore diet was could be health healthy diet and people could achieve and sustain sort of M ketosis with that and that diet seems to be remarkably well work remarkably well for autoimmune disorders probably because all you eat is meat and water right so it's so the question is can you sustain it there are people who are sustaining just eating meat only and doing quite well on it uh it sounds kind of odd but um and I was skeptical in the beginning but science is emerging even at Harvard Medical School where there's going to be Publications on this particularly on the autoimmune front so um meat I guess is a your main source for your diet makes sense as Hunter gathers but we were eating like healthy wild meat like so now with factory farming and cornfed beef and antibiotics a lot of us have been moving away from more meat like okay well let's go with Fish And then you hear that wild fish is full of yeah heavy metals and plastic and fish farming is full of polluted water and so what is your advice for finding healthy Meats uh get local meat especially here in Florida we have there's a huge amount of cows just driving up here on 75 it's like cows and cows I didn't realize that until I moved to Florida I was I was driving down moving from Ohio and I was like I've never saw so many cows in my life so uh we have cows but our cows are rescued cows they were on their way to the slaughter so my my wife you know the cows warmed their heart so now we're not we're never going to eat our cow but uh but yeah by you have many options here in Florida for local grass-fed uh meat you know so visit your local butcher most instead of you know sometimes Publix gets uh interestingly two of our cows are from the odor public uh they're going to the the slaughter house but uh but yeah go to your local butcher and or also find out where your meat's coming from and usually I mean you can't you get some remarkably good meat here in Florida so yep uh so for fish the lower you eat on the food chain the less likely that it's going to have pollutants and heavy metals accumulate so mackerel sardines and even like shellfish like uh shrimp is great um and then I don't eat a whole lot of chicken but I do eat turkey and there's like a source of turkey that I get that are just kind of like wild you know turkey and I I buy a lot of it when I can and I have one of those chest freezers so whenever I see a deal I fill that up and so but I think uh and eggs too are great with a with a ketogenic diet um and we don't have chickens but our neighbors do and and he has more eggs than he can use so we get uh and the quality of the types of fats in the egg yolk will be will be highly influenced by what you feed your chickens so that that's an important thing to remember okay we have time for one more here an excellent talk Tom um so let's say that you have a couple of neighbors and they say boy you guys are looking good what are you doing you say oh I'm doing keto diet I'm in the sunshine I'm exercising lowering my stress blah blah blah and they say yeah but I I can sit on the couch eat potato chips drink Coke have three glasses of wine at night because I heard this guy Dr deino say I just got to take these ketones and I'm as good as you guys how how would you respond to such a neighbor well if you listen to the talk you knew that two or three glasses of wine at night time would not be good uh well I'll say this I was skeptical of the idea that you could replace the ketogenic diet with exogenous ketones and get a benefit and someone who convinced me otherwise was the late Dr Richard vich who's probably been talked about here uh there was actually a ceremonial like uh talk uh lecture for him today so he was at the National Institutes of Health he was also mentored by Hans kreb of the kreb cycle he's very knowledgeable and one of my early mentors that got me into this and uh he was not in favor of a high-fat ketogenic diet because he thought that could increase your heart disease risk I would argue with him there uh depends on how the diet's formulated and the particular person but what he sold me on this idea that you could eat any diet consume exogenous ketones elevate your ketones and then those ketones would not only give your brain a superior source of energy but was also like a hormone likee molecule that could activate anti inflammatory Pathways it could change neurotransmitter systems in your brain I was very skeptical of that because I was under the opinion I followed Jeff volck and Stephen finny that this keto adaptation you you had to shift your metabolism to then get the benefits and that was a time dependent process however like we did we formulate the first Ketone Esther that we tried was actually Dr v's eser and it did not have an anti-seizure effect but we form formulated another Esther in our particular scenario that elevated beta hydroxy and acetoacetate and then that administered 30 minutes prior to this seizure producing uh oxidative environment like had amazing anti-seizure effects and that was the animals were eating just standard ratcha so we did that and then also when we administer exogenous ketones we see glucose goes down and it goes down more than like using Metformin for example so and then we saw that it activated uh had anti anti-cancer effects you know even in a Petri dish we moved it to a mouse model and we published another uh you know Publications on that and another study my role in the study was formulating the diet it was conducted at Yale University uh where the exogenous ketones were put into a standard diet and it it suppressed something called the nlrp3 inflammosome and when that gets activated the inflamat cykes go up and uh and that was a clear demonstration it was published in nature medicine and it was you know the title is BET hydroxy berate you know reduces the nlrp3 inflammosome that's also further indication that these ketones operate independent of carbohydrate restriction and they can in and of themselves have some pretty profound effects that said the ketogenic diet has its own you know benefits to it and exogenous ketones have their own benefits but it's overlapping so but I think it's not one or the other but our sort of direction is to use them together in the optimal metabolic therapy in the context of seizures cancer and and things higher Ketone levels are not always better too so as and that's an important concept I didn't talk about but if your Ketone levels get up to four five and six that could create energy toxicity so I am of the opinion of using a more moderate exogenous Ketone like a ketone electrolyte salt like keto start just to bump you up about one Millar because once you get up to two three and four then that's too much energy for the body it's like we're not trying to get higher glucose levels right so I think it's important to just moderately boost up ketones within safe ranges and I think Ketone Esters and those things can have we've seen it in our animal models where they can become sick very quick and even die if we get ketones too high so I think that's like an important lesson um that higher is not always better with the ketones you know so I know you all there's other questions out here but we have to close this out right now um but I know that Dom would welcome uh questions to his website or uh or I'm pretty searchable my you know yeah or searchable you can he's all over Google when you Google him so you can get to him easily so um thank you again Dom it was F fantastic to have you [Applause] here

  Top Comments:
  1. @mathewmapram6685 [7 likes]: I have macular degeneration; after starting Ketogenic diet, I see slow and gradual improvement.
  2. @davepaul8975 [6 likes]: The last question and answer for exogenous ketones was well worth the wait. However, it is extremely frustrating trying to coalesce this vast amount of information and research into an functional and practical lifestyle application. When I read the title "Achieving Therapeutic Ketosis" I was cautiously excited that I would hear actionable information (other than the last question) that I could apply to my N of 1 situation. The research summary was good but not actionable. 
Just an after thought. I continue to hear from virtually all webinars, talks, and blogs, "Make sure you consult your Physician,"  how is one to do this? It seems all the physicians are in large cities and outside my financial abilities. So I have to rely on my own research, and the rare times that experts like yourself give actionable advice.
Thank You
  3. @esoteric.breadcrumbs. [4 likes]: 1:02:02 I really appreciate knowing about psychological stressors and hs-crp influences. That’s quite illuminating.
  4. @KlaudiaValentova [4 likes]: Knowledge about ketosis changed my life. Since 2017 low carb....although not always strict, although not obese, having not any serious illness before but anyway it changed my life healthwise.
  5. @mathewmapram6685 [2 likes]: The best presentation of the subject: ketone.
  6. @useruser-tf3fr [2 likes]: Best
  7. @florenceandrews2526 [2 likes]: I’m currently doing this for triple negative breast cancer alongside fasting before, during and after chemo and hyperbaric oxygen therapy. the fasting is tricky atm as my chemo is weekly so trying to balance that with getting in enough nutrition through the week.
I would love dom or someone to speak to whether therapeutic ketogenic diet should be done differently as a woman? Or would it be the same and the goal still be to remain constantly in ketosis until ‘cured’?
  8. @andyhemmings7363 [2 likes]: LDL cholesterol is not BAD cholesterol. Your body needs and produces it because it's needed to maintain life. LDL is not cholesterol it is a lipid transportation vehicle to move cholesterol around the body. 
The only "bad" LDL are those that get damaged by oxidation and become small dense LDL lipids.
  9. @normameyers4904 [1 likes]: Great video. Lots of good information and easy to understand.
  10. @chrisspadafora3640 [1 likes]: Thank you Dom!I'm happy to hear that you raise sheepand farm animalsYou're true blessingto all of usKeep up the good work
  11. @unrespiro [1 likes]: In my case, CRP went up on clean keto. My hypothesis is that has to do with liver or gallbladder issues, so I started working on them.
  12. @jaktao6044 [1 likes]: Dom is a cool guy.
  13. @Roberto-cg2gr [1 likes]: Is GKI an indicator of Autophagy? Is insulin levels an indicator of Autophagy? If insulin is low is MTOR down. regulated? How do we know if MTOR is down regulated? Is ketone levels an indicator of  Autophagy?
  14. @JCskatehills: 35:39
  15. @xo7454: Lowest GKI 0.6 during HBOT 2.4 ATA session.
  16. @starrett8063: Ketogenic Way of Life (Ketogenic Eating + Fasting) is the only way of eating that switches the metabolic pathway from Glycolysis to Fatty Acid Oxidation!!!!!
  17. @sands-tp1ul: I'm also in Florida. Please tell me where you're getting a dexa for $75!
  18. @john-ro4yb: An hour and twenty minutes to share 15 minutes of relevant info. Too long winded. Tighten up your presentation. Overall a waste of time
  19. @ruthketo3167: What ketone MCT product does he recommend?
  20. @BeefNEggs057: No one who is metabolically well should control cholesterol. Let the body control it. Your body produces what it needs. Otherwise this is a really good presentation.  The cholesterol part seems like he’s playing it safe.  The science says if your trigs are low and your hdl is high your “risk” is low. LDL is a useless measurement in every way.

- The Ketogenic Protocol for Longevity & Cellular Health with Dr. Dominic D'Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en getting the level of glucose down bringing the level of ketones up to where the millimolar concentration in the blood is about equal and we call that a glucose Ketone index of one and the standard American diet has favors glucose to where it's like 25 to 1 a clinical ketogenic diet is like maybe four to one but a really restricted a really a modified ketogenic diet that I'm talking about that's really engineered for optimal therapeutic efficacy produces a glucose Ketone index of about one thank you ladies and gentlemen welcome back to the muscle intelligence podcast I am your host Ben Bukowski as always bringing you the world's brightest guests to ultimately solve this longevity challenge help you live your greatest life in a body that you absolutely love you know my great passion in life has always been muscle building and movement and in order for us to move effectively people don't always think of all the potential influences on how well we move how well we think and ultimately how well we perform today's guest is pushing the envelope of human performance not only from a physical perspective but from a mental perspective he resides in Tampa Florida a neighbor of mine and an incredibly brilliant human he's doing work with NASA on how to really push the performance of the human system period we dive today into mitochondrial Health the two most important interventions for high performance you want to optimize Health on a daily basis we talked a little bit about metformin and its impact and mitochondrial Health we talk about ketones and you may recognize this man's name as being the most famous name in the world of ketogenic dieting doctor Dominic D'Agostino joins me today to discuss at length of the use of ketones and its implication on performance as well as Dom's Research into how to Target cancer and ultimately environmental and psychological influences on things like cancer and high performance I know that kind of sounds like there are two dichotomous things but we do dive into some really interesting thoughts and and things that Dom is studying now ultimately that do tie very closely into what does high performance look like and how do we push that and ultimately how that actually implicates in obviously ketogenesis and cancer so ladies and gents I hope you enjoy the podcast today's podcast is brought to you by our friends over at organifi a long time sponsored podcast because it works we use it organifi green is particularly useful for someone who isn't getting all their vegetables not only does it taste amazing but you're getting organic really really high quality superfoods to ensure your body is getting the nutrients it needs to help your body get the minerals and ultimately feel great if you want to be energized if you want a treat that truly tastes amazing head over to our identify.com muscle and get hooked up with 20 off for a limited time only organifi also has amazing products like a brand new collagen uh product they call glow it tastes great um they also have a great red product which is ultimately beets and berries that ultimately can help cardiovascular function in erectile function guys head over to organifi.com muscle and get hooked up with 20 off today's podcast is also brought to you by our friends at buy optimizers magbreakthrough.com muscle intelligence to pick up the highest quality magnesium that exists anywhere there's seven different types of magnesium in this one bottle why do you want seven different types of magnesium ultimately each one has an influence on a different aspect of the system so certain ones work on the nervous system certain ones work for the muscles certain work in the digestive tract and every other system they'll also have different rates of absorption so your body doesn't get bombarded with too much magnesium at once it actually has almost like a slow dripping effect which is very very useful biooptimizers also has an incredible array of really really high quality products that you guys have heard me talk about before from Mass times to their patented p3om probiotic hydrochloric acid capex so many amazing products that you guys can benefit from literally the entire line of their incredible products over at buyoptimizers.com that's b-i-o-p-t-i-m-i-z-e-r-s and you can use the code muscle 10 to get hooked up on your next order ladies and gents thank you very much for being here I appreciate you guys listening to the muscle intelligence podcast as we continue to get better and bigger and things are just moving in the right direction so thank you guys all very much I appreciate you enjoy the show it's augustino see you at the end foreign a big project that emerged out of NASA and it was like 35 40 people identified using multi-omics approaches like metabolomics transcriptomics proteomics that mitochondrial dysfunction is the thing that needs to be focused on to enhance long duration space flight and to prevent space Associated health risks so that's sort of the literally the conclusion of that and uh so a lot of a lot of work and a lot of research is being organized now to not only understand mitochondrial dysfunction as a consequence of like these extreme environments but to develop biological countermeasures to mitigate mitochondrial dysfunction in these extreme environments and I've been working mostly with office of Navy research and nasty to understand this and we have environmental Chambers I forget Ben if you've been into our lab before right okay yeah so we have a variety of different environmental Chambers where we can simulate these extreme environments and we a part of what I did with my postdoctoral fellowship was developing Atomic Force microscopy laser scanning confocal microscopy where we can like look at the mitochondrial function under these extreme environments and look at reactive oxygen species production we do electrophysiology in these fluorescent Imaging so from our perspective it's very basic science research but over the years you know after we first connected I was probably mostly all basic science but then now we do clinical research you know some of that's being done at Duke and then Florida Medical Clinic and then I became a subject myself in extreme environment I was part of NASA's extreme environment Mission operations which is lived underwater and then my wife was on mission 23 which was an all-female crew three of those Aquanauts are on the International Space Station right now that show lingering he was my commander Samantha Christopher Peretti who's an Italian astronaut and uh Jess Watkins who's a female and I believe she was selected even for the Artemis Mission so she might be a future Moonwalker well so there is uh yeah so we we actually trained with you know astronauts and stuff and did a variety of different testing on them we use like the aura ring the polar v800 to look at uh heart rate variability so a lot of what we were doing in the lab looking at mitochondria looking at cells and different rodent models we've moved that into human research experiments in extreme environment and one would be the space analog Mission Nemo NASA's extreme environment Mission operation so I'm involved in sort of moving that science into human application and really with a focus now is understanding like how do these environments disrupt our performance our cognitive performance our physical performance and probably most important our overall Health and Longevity in these extreme environments and then developing countermeasures which could be exercise it could be dietary it could be nutraceutical or it could be pharmacological there's pharmacological agents that mitigate muscle loss you know bone loss and cognitive function so kind of looking at all these different things one thing that came to mind what you were saying all this is like it almost feels like you're speeding up Evolution it's like you're making this whoever these these individuals are you know obviously higher performers but you know tell me if I'm wrong the mitochondria is obviously produces a massive role in everything we do if we can upregulate their ability to withstand huge amounts of stress it almost feels like it's like making them a more powerful version of the species yeah these extreme environments are essentially elevated or uh rapid aging so and that's you know the mitochondria we from our high school biology we know them as the PowerHouse of this of the cell right but they do so much more I mean you know I just finished teaching neuropharmacology and neurotransmitters are made in the mitochondria you know monoamine oxidates for example you know as an enzyme you know made in the mitochondria so the mitochondria are not only generate ATP that the cells use but they are very powerful signaling molecules and they communicate back and forth with the nucleus of the cell you know we always say the mitochondria call the shots so even in the context of things like cancer when the mitochondria become damaged ATP levels fall and then through a retrograde response that basically sell tells the nucleus that there's an energetic crisis and that begins to Cascade to North to transform a normal cell into a cancer cell which upregulates things like glycolysis and sugar metabolism and that's you know eventually it the transform cell has a what we call a Warburg phenotype which is damaged mitochondrial respiration and compensatory fermentation so the cells ferment and they're they're using fermenting fuels like glucose and glutamine further survival a similar thing is happening happening in a very protracted way in the context of a space environment or even an undersea environment where there's a higher concentration of oxygen and even a higher concentration of CO2 the partial pressure of CO2 in International Space Station is similar to the submarine where it's like two to eight thousand parts per million of CO2 and this is causing redox stress this is something that we study in the lab how it affects you know neural control how it affects brain function physical function the gut microbiome our gut permeability those high CO2 tends to damage the what are called the tight junctions in the gut and that makes the gut leaky we have the same tight junctions on the blood-brain barrier so it also makes the brain kind of leaky and contributes to inflammation you know when I was in these extreme environments I measured hscrp which is kind of like a global you know and other measures but I measure HR hscrp probably a hundred times through in the lab and different kits and it's always super low like 0.1 0.2 unless I have some kind of infection and these extreme environments shoot it up almost to like where I have an infection so we know that over time you know we have to figure out how it's doing it why it's doing it and developing counter measures against it but the counter measures that are being developed much like many military projects those Technologies can be applied to the everyday person right so for for not only performance enhancement but just general help and so much there's so much value in there so many questions I have to ask yeah um so you mentioned uh a Warburg cell like can you explain what that is you said there's like a Warburg phenotype was it a phenotype or like expression I guess more than 10 years ago now we started doing research on cancer metabolism yep and we're basically under the impression after observing cancer cell mitochondria in different microscopy setups that the cancer cell mitochondria were spitting out massive amounts of oxygen free radicals in superoxide right I didn't know why this was happening because I didn't know a whole lot about cancer at the time but come to find out that the metabolism of cancer is significantly different than the metabolism of healthy cells whereas a cancer cell metabolism essentially de-differentiates from deriving the majority of its energy from mitochondrial oxidative fossil correlation you know the electron transport chain there's a gradual progression of decreased mitochondrial function and mitochondrial number to relying more on glycolytic glutamineolysis metabolism where you're deriving energy from glucose so cancer cells in many ways have especially more aggressive tumors that are metastasizing and growing very fast they have super high rates of glucose metabolism 100 to 200 times higher and as a consequence of that we can image cancer tumors with a fluoro deoxy glucose pet scan or fdg pet scan so the tumor lights up very intensely and what you're Imaging there is a hyper absorption and metabolism of glucose relative to driven by glycolysis relative to mitochondrial function which in mitochondria use fatty acids and ketones for fuel so that's sort of falls into this this idea that is true to some extent is that if you're in a state of low glucose consumption low glucose low blood glucose low insulin low igf-1 which would be facilitated with a ketogenic diet and high fatty acid oxidation High ketones that would basically marginalize the growth and development of the tumor so going off a bit of a tangent but the Warburg effect a simple if I had to have a one sentence description of the Warburg phenotype it would be damaged mitochondrial respiration leads to compensatory fermentation so we know that the DNA have of our cells have very robust repair mechanisms if we're exposed to environmental toxins if we're exposed to like in space radiation if we're exposed to viruses tend to damage the mitochondria to a greater extent than the nuclear DNA so Progressive damage to oxidative damage inflammation viruses cancer radiation all these things tend to damage the mitochondria and the mitochondrial DNA more than the nuclear DNA and essentially what happens you have Progressive mitochondrial dysfunction and and the DNA repair mechanisms of the mitochondria are not as robust as a nucleus and then the nucleus the brain of this cell is really sensing that there's inflammation in an energetic crisis and that kicks on a survival mechanism and some of those survival genes are called oncogenes and oncogenes when they are expressed starts the transformation of the normal healthy cell that would have healthy robust mitochondria that mitochondrial damage starts to transform a normal healthy cell into a pre-cancerous cell and then Progressive damage to the mitochondria and activation of certain oncogenes can push the cell to the point of no return and in some cases that cell dies but in some cases if that cell goes on to live on the oncogenes endow the cell with what we call the Hallmarks of cancer which is unbridled proliferation inflammation metastasis you know aberrant cellular metabolism so that cell transforms to what is called a Warburg phenotype where it's deriving the large majority of its energy from glucose and to some extent glutamine and then that phenotype a consequence of that is that it directs the glucose to synthesizing biomolecules like more membrane so as the cell divides it needs to shuttle a lot of the biomolecules to basically produce more carbon molecules for the expanding biomass of the tumor so you're fermenting and then a lot of that glucose goes into making more membrane more DNA more proteins and things like that so uh and some people think that the Warburg effect the benefit of that for the cancer cell is directing carbons to biosynthesis and but it also allows the tumor to basically live in a hypoxic environment where if you're deriving energy from glycolysis then you're not as dependent upon oxygen and oxygen you know sedated phosphorylation so I became very interested in why this happens and after it happens after the fact you have a Warburg phenotype how can we change the metabolism of our physiology and the cell environment to limit the growth and Target the Warburg phenotype to kill that that particular cell type and that has become a big thrust of an unexpected direction of our research in 2009 or 10. I started studying that so is that where we kind of shift now the conversation into counter measures like how do we counteract these obviously there's other things that you're looking for kind of measures for but specific to the Warburg phenotype countermeasures obviously starting with ketogenic diet but I'd love to hear what other things you guys are exploring yeah and and you know this does tie in we started talking about space and the consequence of living in space it's like accelerated aging and we now know that space targets the mitochondria you have mitochondrial dysfunction you know a big problem is potential problem is is basically getting cancer while you're on a mission a multi-year mission going to Mars right so and radiation is probably the most potent stimulator of oncogenesis of forming cancer so uh space radiation is called Galactic Cosmic radiation it's a bit different it's like uh you got solar particle events and uh basically charged ions kind of going through your body which can make Nicks in your DNA mitochondria and nuclear DNA and double-stranded nicks create mutations and then but it's really impacting the mitochondria so getting back to your question you know if you have cancer and this would apply mostly to not so much to leukemia and different forms of lymphoma but solid tumors we're mostly interested in like brain cancer is what we have kind of started focusing on there are different strategies that you could use you know I think of the ketogenic diet caloric restriction and ketogenic diet and diets that restrict fermentable fuels will decrease will take the foot off the gas pedal so to speak of cancer growth so it'll slow it down it will not cure cancer I don't care whatever anybody says some some people look at different animal studies and and say and think that different dietary patterns whether it be the budwig diet or the vegan diet or this diet it would be the cure for cancer and that's not the case but these nutritional therapies and that's what they are medical therapies can can be used as a standalone therapy you know if cancer has been very Advanced or if standard care is not working but we're very interested in using a modified ketogenic diet that I call like a protein sparing modified ketogenic diet that's supplemented so it's a ketogenic diet that has higher amounts of protein to mitigate cancer cachexia it's modified with the types of fatty acids that comprise a ketogenic diet is much higher percentage-wise in fat so we want to use you know omega-3 fatty acids less omega-6s we want to use medium chain triglycerides because they're more ketogenic and we also want to incorporate different types of Prebiotic fiber into the ketogenic diet to preserve and sustain the gut microbiome because that's really important for barrier function and the gut it also makes short chain fatty acids like butyrate which can be important so you have higher protein almost double the amount of protein a clinical ketogenic diet for epilepsy is like 10 protein so we want to boost that up to 20 even upwards to 25 30 and then a fatty acid composition that's not only highly anti-inflammatory but also very ketogenic like caprylic triglyceride for example it's rich in that and then Prebiotic fiber that can preserve and maintain the gut microbiome is that a supplemental Source Dom or is that from a specific food for the Prebiotic fibers uh yeah it could be a mix of different plant-based you know phytonutrients there's different fibers on on the market obviously like different Prebiotic fibers but or they could be plant-based from like artichoke or greens or something like that you know in our lab setting we have to rely on whatever the company has for different fermentable fuels so we usually use a common like some soluble and insoluble fiber mix but when you're formulating like a diet for someone you want to have a diversity mostly like things that are a bit like greens so very dark greens dark leafy greens you know broccoli of course is good uh asparagus things like that things that are just mostly water and fiber but then a lot of a big part of what we do is actually developing Ketone supplements that do two things really they elevate ketones in the blood and ketones have you know they provide energy to healthy cells but not so much cancer cells they have epigenetic effects they have anti-inflammatory every signaling effects they preserve and can protect the brain from radiation if someone's undergoing like radiation therapy for a brain tumor and they have anti-catabolic effects so uh We've published on this showing that and that may be like from an evolutionary perspective when you're fasting you start mobilizing fatty acids for fuel the fats do not cross the blood brain barrier so the liver converts to fats to ketones and then the ketones can preserve your CNS function and many people become more Lucid like in a fasted State and then the Ketone bodies actually prevent the breakdown of skeletal muscle they actually have anti-catabolic effects so if we're fasting if we we did not make ketones first of all we would not have brain energy our brain energy would would tank right but the beta hydroxybutary and acetoacetate prevent alanine from breaking down a major gluconeogenic amino acid and skeletal muscles alanine so we'll start breaking down skeletal muscle to live liberate gluconeogenic amino acids to preserve our normal there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain blood glucose and part of that process is breaking down skeletal muscle to get access to it but if ketones are elevated then that has a tremendous anti-catabolic effect by virtue of preventing the breakdown of skeletal muscle by preventing uh gluconeogenesis and Alpha Atomic glycogenolysis so supplementing ketones to that diet that I described a protein sparing modified supplemented ketogenic diet with ketones would be a way to keep glucose low and Elevate yeah glucose and Elevate ketones to where they're at about in millimolar concentrations at about 3 or 3.5 so glucose is usually you know five six seven eight and some people in America millimolar we're talking millimolar concentrations which is like a you know 100 milligrams per deciliter in U.S units depending upon the units but essentially what you're doing is getting the level of glucose down bringing the level of ketones up to four to one but it really restricted or of about one you can't get rid of glucose altogether it's not like your body switching the fats and keeping your glucose will stay you'll stay there but this has a profound effect on the growth of cancer has a profound effect on brain function on preventing seizures so that becomes the foundation then to apply different different uh modalities like hyperbaric oxygen therapy for example it basically when you restrict glucose availability to the tumor that inhibits the endogenous antioxidant mechanisms within the tumor so when you hyper oxygenate the tumor when you reverse tumor hypoxia and Hyper oxygenate it the tumor produces an overproduction of oxygen free radicals and can kill it from the inside out so tumors usually they grow really fast and the oxygen supply the vascular Supply cannot keep up with the growth so you have less vasculature so the tumor becomes hypoxic in the core but with hyperbaric oxygen therapy you increase the oxygenation in the body independent of hemoglobin so hemoglobin is already saturated right you know right so it's like 96 100 even though but the oxygen is in is dissolved into the plasma so it's independent your your body's carrying the oxygen and it's dissolved in in the plasma and the liquid component so it can get all into the nooks and crannies of the tumor right and then that if you you know give damage mitochondria an abundance of oxygen it'll take that oxygen and make oxygen-free radicals and it can kill the tumor from the inside out and that's actually most radiation and most chemotherapy drug kill tumors through an oxidative stress mechanism if you apply hyperbaric oxygen in the context of a ketogenic diet that produces a glucose Ketone index or a gki of one then that makes the tumor more vulnerable to this modality that I'm talking about which is hyperbaric oxygen it would also make the tumor more vulnerable to radiation and chemo so the standard share and also immune-based therapies so you have you know ketogenic diet that can slow tumor growth it's not going to reverse it in most cases some cases it will hyperbaric oxygen therapy and then you have a whole toolbox of different drugs that we can talk about so we have focused on Metformin as a drug that seems to work pretty well can I just clarify one thing before you talk about the other drugs you said that the glucose Ketone ratio has to be one you said it was a four to one ratio on a typical ketogenic diet is that four to one glucose to Ketone so normal ketogenic diet won't get down to that one to one ratio yeah okay good question so with a like a modified ketogenic diet that's like say 75 fat 25 protein and like you know five percent of like non-glycemic carbohydrates if I follow that which is sort of similar to what I follow some days it's more protein I will have a beta hydroxybutyrate level a ketone level of about one millimolar right and then my glucose usually stays about four millimolar which is like you know 80 85 ish yep and so that in millimolar ratio that would be about a glucose Ketone index of four right so the glucose over the ketones beta hydroxide uterine in millimolar concentrations you got to bring the ketones up yeah so if you take that diet I just described and you calorie restrict it and then you add like ketogenic fats like MCT oils and then you add like Ketone salts Ketone Esters or something then you can Elevate the ketones and an interesting effect of ketogenic agents is that it also lowers blood glucose so you have a lowering glucose and an elevation of ketones and in that context insulin still stays very low and it's very suppressed in that low end end of normal in that context it really marginalizes it really impacts cancer growth pretty much all cancers are dependent upon you know insulin igf-1 glycolysis I mean that basically underlies the imaging technology that's the gold standard fgg pet so we use that technology to image tumors and also to show how aggressive the cancer is but we don't historically use that Tech use that that knowledge to Target it with uh different metabolic drugs until I mean I was talking about this 10 years ago until the last 10 years so now we have cancer conferences all over like cancer metabolism where drugs like metformin drugs that are targeting like pi3 kinase Inhibitors Luke Cantley has been working on that intensive those pediatric kinase Inhibitors were primarily in the context of a ketogenic diet because if you take a pi3 kinase inhibitor you get a counter-regulatory effect of increasing insulin but if you couple it with a ketogen diet that will bring insulin back down and basically unleash the therapeutic effects of that pi3 kinase inhibitor and then there's two deoxy glucose we've been working with that for years lonetamine it inhibits hexokinase which is a glycolytic enzyme basically the cells need that to to make energy from glycolysis you know and and there's different like plant-based compounds too that like egcg which can help bring down glutamine it has some effects so there's different plant-based compounds that I'm super interested in it's just hard to get funding for those types of research but personally I'm very interested in researching many of the more natural plant-based constant berberine as an example or dihydroberine is is an example of something similar to metformin that's more of a natural amazing information dump so a few things that come in there one question that just popped up into my mind is there any negative effect to taking Ketone supplements too often it's obviously being in a ketogenic diet is incredibly valuable you know I don't know if you do it always or is it cyclical I think the last time we spoke you said you were kind of cyclical sometimes in the summertime you'd have some more carbohydrates I'm curious if that's the case and I've heard some some conversations around like some potential acidifying effects of taking Ketone supplements too often I'm not sure if that's true yeah well good question so yeah it's summertime and we have some mango trees we got tons of avocado trees so sometimes you know I'll even a few weeks ago grabbed a watermelon off the local thing and ate that surprisingly it didn't really elevate my glucose too much but yeah I incorporate like seasonally some you know more vegetables and more fruits in in the summer and tend to eat a little more ketogenic in the winter and my protein on Sundays is higher some days I'm you know above 200 or but usually fluctuate about 150 grams protein a day which is probably not that much from your world I mean back when the same I was 20 25 years old I was getting four to 500 grams of protein a day like legitimately eating pounds of steak and washing it down with metrics remember metrics with hmb all that supplement lockdown yeah I still tell stories about the first time we met when you were you were dead lifting like a machine at um our house in Tampa oh Powerhouse North yeah yeah that was late and yeah I remember like whatever you needed in three days and I'm deadlifting 600 pounds for set to 10. what's going on yeah I remember first seeing you at the Tampa Pro and all I could really see was your leg but I was like who the hell is this guy I didn't even like know of you just like came out of nowhere and just started like crushing the competition yeah yeah really people off stage with the legs yeah and then your back came out like a year or two after that you started just really nailing I guess what you focus were on the weak points and yeah and that's I think what really set you apart I think you were like and you've talked about this too is just really focusing on what is not optimal and just balancing everything out yeah so it's like the puzzle pieces right you're just like hey what's missing and how do I figure out how to fill this this you know hole yeah instead of just focusing on blowing out your legs more and doing that you're just yeah firing to see you in Powerhouse I remember the time it's just uh Nate wansley was there you remember Nate of course like Lane yeah Layla's training there I know there's just a lot it was just a full of energy I don't know what it's like now I've been training on my farm gym so I have that's so great yeah that's awesome um that's my lifestyle now but yeah so this this idea of basically a multi-faceted approach which could be applied for the metabolic management of cancer so you have a dietary therapy that produces a glucose Ketone index of one so this is sort of this idea that we've presented it's being used now in some clinical trials and then hyperbaric oxygen therapy I still think there's a lot of potential in that it's underutilized is there a certain depth thumb is like as you hear like the hard versus the soft yeah Chambers do you need to go to the like as deep as possible good question I think it needs to be to some extent titrated to the patient because if you have a patient that has like a brain tumor they could be more susceptible to oxygen toxicity seizures so you have to like go in at like maybe 1.3 to 1.5 do a couple sessions but and we did lower doses of oxygen in our animal models and just didn't see a big effect and then we come coupled it with the ketogenic diet and saw the trend with like 1.5 but you know our sample size was only I think eight or ten and we realized hey if we had 20 animals we would probably have statistical significance here but it's not as robust as using like 2.5 or 3 atmospheres of oxygen which would require a hard shell uh hyperbaric chamber keep in mind that I am talking about animal model studies for this too so uh you know in humans it could be a bit different but you know in in comparing and contrasting low-dose oxygen with high-dose oxygen the tumor suppressing effects of high-dose oxygen was much more and it's within the safe limits of Hyperbaric medicine so you know that's used for wound healing and we didn't actually even do it every every day we did it Monday Wednesday Friday and we had a break like Tuesday would be a rest day and there would be adaptive processes and then we'd hit it again Wednesday and then hit it again Friday so it'd be three days a week which is more feasible to do for the patient too maybe an odd question Don but would something like that be useful in case of like prophylaxis if I wanted to just like you know rid myself of cancer cells and like just ensure that I didn't get it long term would doing you know a hyperbaric a couple times maybe in a week or a month uh with this glucose Ketone ratios being at one be useful for just people who are aspiring for Optimal Health I I think that's a great question and these are some of the questions that we have and would love to get funding for for doing the government you know the NCI and the NIH don't they don't really fund research on cancer prevention which I think would be really important because there are animal model systems that we know that this particular animal model will have you know 50 of the animals will have spontaneous tumors by the time it reaches 200 days of age right and then there's basically you could take animals and give them you know UV radiation to produce skin cancer you could take you could give them certain environmental toxins that we know produce spontaneous tumors so if we were to take these various animal models and then start prophylactically putting them on ketogenic diets giving them hyperbaric oxygen therapy or different plant-based compounds and then looking at spontaneous tumor formation over the life of the animal that would have tremendous you know translatable consequences actionable things that but this type of research is is not being done and we think it's kind of important so we hope to do some of those studies in the future we do know that like certain things like caloric restriction if you have animals and calorically restrict them that you know it'll knock down spontaneous tumor production by like 70 you know but animals tend to just overeat when you give them ad libidden food anyway so uh well humans do the same thing so uh so it would probably you know there'd be some translatability there uh but to answer your question which is a very good one yeah I do think that if someone was to put themselves into therapeutic ketosis and then use you know buy like 10 sessions of hyperbaric oxygen therapy or 30 sessions and use that over the course of a month and do that like maybe once a year I think that they would be basically they're stimulating stem cells too so we know hyperbaric oxygen therapy stimulates the production and the release of stem cells so this could be helpful for your joints for your brains for your muscles uh help you recovery and things like that and it could be a prophylactic way to suppress cancer or to purge their body or kill precancerous cells that you have Thomas as a guy who I know who takes his training very very seriously I'm curious your personal feedback or personal insights about metformin because you know we see the benefit in metformin prospectively from longevity perspective but there's also this conversation around it maybe taking away from from mitochondrial Effectiveness or maybe make your mitochondria less effective I don't know mechanistically what's happening I assume you do but I'm curious you know just in general would you say a metformin is a good therapy for most people looking to ultimately optimize mitochondria function and you know increase longevity in the simplest format yeah actually we published a paper on the effects of mitochondria and this is before it was common knowledge but what we observed with metformin is that it was disrupting uh mitochondrial function and it was causing a higher production of oxygen free radicals and disrupting you know so and now that's more like common knowledge we only saw a very mild you know reduction in glucose and even some of the signaling Pathways were not really uh affected that much but what we did see was the mitochondria was causing mitochondrial stress and that's part of what it you know probably what it does maybe therapeutically too so the answer question I experimented with metformin and if I'm taking two grams or more a day and I'm doing like sets of squats or really high intensity workouts I started to become dizzy and actually uh it just did not feel well if I tested my blood with a lactate meter my lactate was higher when I do the same amount of work if I'm taking metformin so to me if your body's pumping out lactate that's a sign that your mitochondria are not keeping up with the energy demand and you're shifting some of your energy Pathways to more glycolysis so essentially that's the Warburg effect so so the Warburg effect is the cells are pumping out lactate and still consuming oxygen so the mitochondria are respiring and using oxygen but it's like a pseudo-respiration because it's not coupled to ATP production but whenever cells are pumping out lactate that's a sign that the mitochondria are not efficient and that there there's mitochondrial inefficiency so this is what I observed when I took metformin it also tends to impact and we have the livers from our metformin study but I think it it impacts liver redox mechanisms in a way that when you work out you generate lactate the lactate goes back to the liver and through the Corey cycle that lactate then becomes glucose again so metformin impairs uh the Quarry cycle and other it shifts the redox state of the liver in a way that can decrease this Quarry cycle and a side effect that metformin is lactic acidosis this right so that's like a well-known side effect of that and I think it's doing that because it's essentially toxic to the liver the liver is like chock full of mitochondria so when we used to isolate mitochondria to study them we would the easiest thing to do is actually to take the liver because it's just like chock full of mitochondria and then you do a procedure where you isolate the mitochondria and study it to answer a question I I really feel that metformin's not a good idea perhaps if you're going to use it in a longevity uh scenario you would do like you know ketogenic diet hyperbaric oxygen therapy for two to four weeks and then use metformin during that stack these different modalities together and produce a deep state of low glucose low insulin High ketones that's basically going to be a huge hit to any pre-cancerous cells or cancer you have in your body and could potentially Purge cancer out and then uh I mean this is all theoretical right but I mean the basic science is there the physiology is there uh there's a lot of it will probably never be a clinical trial that does this although animal model studies I'm 100 sure would basically demonstrate that if you have animals that are susceptible to spontaneous tumors and you were to give them a modified you know ketogenic diet supplemented I talk about hyperbaric oxygen therapy and you give them some of these cancer specific metabolic drugs if you were to do that in a cohort of animals those animals are clearly going to have less cancer and you know would that translate to humans probably um you said there's a few things that we know of their environmental that cause spontaneous cancer I'm curious if you would mind sharing those but that sounds like an interesting topic yeah well you know there's we could kind of go down the rabbit hole of different insecticides and herbicides and pesticide and then also just our psychological stage stress you know stress impacts our immune system and immune surveillance prevents us from getting cancer you know immune surveillance in the body having a strong immune system will cause the body to recognize a cancerous or pre-cancerous cell and then attack it in a way that the cancer never it's a non-event right so we're always cancering in our body our body's always producing pre-cancer cells and cancer cells about our immune system keeps everything in check uh if we were to take if we have certain lifestyle things like stress physical stress psychological stress or environmental toxins and these I mean simplest would be like alcohol you know impacts the immune system too much well one glass a day maybe two glass a day could be beneficial high doses of you know high amounts of sugar can impair that causes a dysglycemia glycemic dysregulation I wear a continuous glucose monitor as part of a study with continuous glucose monitoring and seeing how we can optimize certain metabolic parameters and non-diabetics so I really think that's the future too using different wearables but I mean there's there's things in the environment that are pervasive like benzenes and you know these things have been shown to cause leukemias and lymphomas I mean that's clear if someone has acute myeloid leukemia like AML or CML it's the first thing you start looking at is environmental toxins because these things are linked uh with that brain cancers like glioblastomas and other forms of cancers they have not been able to conclusively link that to different environmental toxins but it's likely that and then there's epigenetic and genetic factors that when we're exposed to these things some people can mitigate it and detoxify the liver May through first pass metabolism at different phases of detoxification glucuronidation for example in the liver which is a detoxification pathway that's impaired in a lot of people and some people are poor methylators and they lack you know they have that and various genes that can disrupt endogenous antioxidant systems where it causes more oxygen data stress in tissues when we have we're exposed to different chemicals but there's almost too many chemicals in the environment to name but some of them are agricultural chemicals and another thing I think which is important to bring attention to is infections that people have and that could be like you know Lyme's disease could be one but also uh Epstein-Barr virus cytomegalovirus various viruses that we have the herpes simplex virus 2 probably makes us susceptible we know HIV makes us susceptible to different forms of cancer so these viruses impair the immune system in a way that could make us more susceptible to cancer later on the shingles you know virus that's why it's probably important later on in life if you have shingles to get shingles vaccination you know I think if you're over 50 you can get that so these viruses that we chronically have continue like stress our immune system out so if we have psychological stress or physical stress then our immune system keeps it under constraints when we're more healthy but when we're under physical or psychological stress then these viruses basically start replicating a viral shedding and then you have you know it starts off with like a headache and then you have maybe a shingles outbreak or a herpes simplex outbreak or have seen Barb virus if you have mono these viruses I I really think can be tied to different cancers you know I think we know that at this point Michael Bishop I think won the Nobel Prize and demonstrated that viruses cause cancer so that was like a big finding years ago super interesting a lot of questions out of that some of these people that you work with maybe poor methylators how much you guys looking at genetics as far as so this I mean when you're looking when you work in these astronauts and people in the Cosmonaut program like are you are you able to look at variable variables of genetics and you know how does that influencing your ability to make decisions on who actually goes on these missions is that something you guys are looking into that's a loaded question because for reasons if you know someone's genetic susceptibility to certain diseases or space flight right so you could exclude people yeah and it's you know government organizations like NASA are all about being inclusive you know you and not excluding people so I didn't I came to realize this when we started we had a number of IRB protocols that had to go through NASA and even when you do like gut microbiome that's like you're doing genetics of an astronaut and there's a a whole nother Community that's involved with that like ethically hey are you going to identify some kind of genetic predictor that could exclude someone perhaps now or in the future from space flight so there's a there's a lot of politics around that and a lot of Ethics around if that's ethical to do kind of to basically select People based upon their genetics but it's super at least give them the option and say hey like you do this you're predisposed to this are you okay with that that sounds like maybe a logical approach right yeah yeah I think you know studying this in the context of like space and I just bring it up because uh it's kind of like a touchy subject like doing genetics on on astronauts because you could potentially be excluding people you know just like with Healthcare and health you know Health Care insurance companies having access to your genetic information and then basically charging you a higher premium or excluding you from being you know covered altogether can kind of be an issue but you bring up a really important issue and I totally I really do think that understanding genetic susceptibility to you know type 2 diabetes is like a big one right I mean that's like the low-hanging fruit if we know there's certain families where like everybody over the age of 50 has Type 2 diabetes and then their comorbidities are basically causing insurance companies to dump a ton of money into the management of their diabetes and also all you know you're more susceptible to dementia cardiovascular disease and cancer they're the three things that kill people right so you're astronomically higher rates of the three main things that kill people if you have type 2 diabetes and there's a genetic component there there's an environmental component but I think that is the future and it could lead to expanding nutrigenomics expanding like cellular detoxification because people have different I would actually recommend having Dr Sheila Dean on she's an expert in nutrigenomics and cellular detoxification Pathways so we're talking about detox not from like the pseudoscience point of view like she has deep information and working she does tons of labs with like Genova Diagnostics and everything and she's a good friend and collaborator of mine far more insights into knowing what tests to do on people to identify genetic susceptibility to different dietary patterns or different lifestyle patterns so yeah there's a lot we're doing a little bit of that now but it's not you know a huge thrust of what we're doing super interesting thank you I'll definitely reach out so coming back to what we talked about right in the beginning is these ultimately what I'm viewing is high performance interventions right so if these these astronauts and people like yourself are saying hey we're going in outer space we're exposing ourselves to radiation and oxidative stress and therefore we must make our mitochondria more robust what are some of the things you do or maybe that you could talk about the astronauts are doing that are going to allow them to become more anti-fragile more resilient to these you know challenges they're facing because ultimately you know what can I do on a daily basis what can I extrapolate from now to go hey this is how we're going to make these mitochondria more robust yeah man well you're like a walking example of doing that in the real listed on my diet there when you're on the protein spraying um modified keto diet I was like yeah that's pretty much exactly what my life looks like yeah yeah I mean we all we talk a lot about biomarkers you know getting certain biomarkers in check right and that's important and we can have that conversation but I think like top of the list and you'll appreciate this the biggest biomarker for metabolic health and wellness and Longevity is basically your body composition it's not maybe it's not politically correct to talk about it but yeah just being fat and being you know having a glycemic you know high glucose you know we could talk about that but basically having a lot of lean body mass and having low body fat that's probably the top of the chain if we're going to talk about Health and Longevity and brain function and if you feel good about your body that's going to be better psychology better physiology all together so you know doctors don't really talk about that but I think body composition is like the number one biomarker and then there's things you know blood pressure you know what your blood pressure is kind of like a silent killer non-alcoholic fatty liver disease is uh I didn't realize this until we started our clinical trial and we excluded everybody that was obese we excluded everybody that had type 2 diabetes but we did we looked for hepatic steatosis and come to find out 80 of the people that are in our trial which are normal people you know non-diabetic non-obese they had uh non-alcoholic fatty liver disease that is quickly reversed with a carbohydrate-restricted diet but you know we didn't we didn't know that was going to be the case uh but that was this and it doesn't show up in blood work it'll start to show up you'll have a creeping up of the alt AST not so much but the alt deliver enzyme will start creeping up and that'll be in early but usually once that gets out of range the damage has been done and you have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and then scarring in the liver by the time your alt gets gets high persistently High and then that's not going to go back some of it can go back but it's you know it's with a low carb diet you can reverse some of the effects of non-alcoholic fatty liver so but to you know get routine blood work your C CBC CMP and I wear a continuous glucose monitor I use levels Health which is a CGM company that develops an app that where the the data from the bio wearable it could be the Abbott Libre device or the Dexcom G6 goes into the app and shows you your glycemic response to meals and it can identify it becomes like an AI system that could basically if you put the information in tell you when you've worked out could start to understand your diet and give you a metabolic score so having that metabolic awareness to understand when you're a lot of people have no idea what their glucose does when they're eating and it's hard to do if you're trying to prick your finger and time it but if if you wear a continuous glucose monitor for even two to four weeks that'll give you so much insight into how your nutrition is affecting your body yeah and that's going to be super important but the basic things your blood pressure your fasting insulin which is not done on a routine exam right so I use a zrt cardio metabolic kit which looks at insulin it looks at hscrp high sensitivity C-reactive protein hemoglobin A1c like a lot of these times these things are not on routine exams and Insulin should be because you could actually have normal glucose control but as we age and we become insulin resistant and Ben bickman has written about this and I think he was on your podcast too yeah so basically what happens is that you start pumping out more and more and more insulin over time to where and you can plot this out in non-human primate studies which my colleague has done this but your glucose stays the same your fasting glucose but you require three to four times more insulin your pancreatic beta cells are pumping out all more insulin to keep that glucose in that range you wouldn't know this that you're going down the path of no return to become type 2 diabetes if you don't measure fasting insulin so you know uh your genoba Diagnostics has tests zrt there's different tests and I we use a test that's like basically just blood spot you put like six to 12 spots of blood on a card and then it goes and analyze the same sort of methodology that Quest Labs or LabCorp would do but you can do it in your home it's a kit and you send it in so I think in addition to your CBC and CMP is through General blood work your blood pressure body composition and then another biomarker would be like a functional bioparker like just being able to do ideally like 40 or 50 push-ups right so if you take someone and you know for some people it could just be walking 10 minutes that could be a major goal but if if you're capable of doing you know 20 push-ups now and then you can do 30 or 40 push-ups that's going to translate into increased longevity increase I mean there's so many and I call that like a functional biomarker so there's body composition and then there's physiological biomarkers there's biochemical biomarkers but it's a constellation of all these things together that are going to be super important for your overall energy which will translate to productivity which will translate into longevity I mean I could go really deep into other things that we do on psychological testing on mood general anxiety a Gad 7 test phq-9 we wear different bio bio wearables like the aura ring or the whoop strap and look at heart rate variability and sleep so sleep is super important I was a mouth breather when I was sleeping so I've been taping my mouth I talked to James Nestor years ago and he was writing his book and then he was at our conference too I'm really because I did my PhD on respiratory neurobiology I've only he's been interested in breathing tape my mouth when I when I sleep and if I'm doing cardio try to just really focus on nasal breathing for that and you know I'm guilty I have not been doing cardio and cardio really sets the base your recovery between sets and things like that I noticed I invited some guys over pretty you know tough guys working out with and I could train and lift really heavy but my recovery I was just like huffing and puffing between sets and I was like man I do farm work but I'm not getting I really need to start doing hit so my wife bought me uh like an assault bike or it's a Schwinn airdyne like the newer Schwinn aerodyne so it's like man I really got to start upping my cardio game that's the big thing lacking in my life right now as far as a health standpoint my cardio base is not very good so you need to win game in the house Tom what are you doing I'd spent with the dogs and stuff sometimes but uh so you it sounds like you spend a ton of time on kind of the biochemical aspect I'm curious if you're looking at kind of the frequency aspect of the cells like the bioelectricity and looking at voltage and things like that and as far as incidentification and and cellular optimization yeah so my PhD research was actually doing patch clamp electrophysiology so that is actually you take an electrode and you stick it onto a neuron and then you measure the membrane potential in response to different environments and things like that so I am very interested in redox what's called redox biochemistry our cells are like little batteries right so our cells have a membrane potential and the membrane potential is you can calculate it with like the nursed equation and the Goldman equation this is what I teach to the vet students but that membrane potential the electrical potential within a cell is actually consequence of ATP production there's a sodium potassium atpase that maintains that membrane potential you know realize this even when I was an undergrad I started doing patch clamp electrophysiology is that the membrane potential starts to become de-energized when the energy when the bioelectric uh status of the cell decreases so that's it's all about giving the cell the proper metabolites substrate for energy production uh decreasing Ross production making sure that cofactors are there like you know B vitamins B12 you know another thing to look at is to do nutritional status you know and I always recommend not only vitamin D magnesium and uh but also various B vitamins B12 B1 if these things are not there the bioenergetic state of the cell and the electrical potential of the cell will be dysregulated so we look at this I mean this is kind of what we do we do use different dies to look at membrane potential in the mitochondria a membrane potential in the cell and then we figure out what disrupts it and then we develop counter measures that we ultimately move to humans to preserve that so one of my early observations was that and I looked at lactate Alpha L polylactate which is a product cytomax that like when I was into mountain biking I used to drink and so I got into that in different forms of glucose but when I stumbled across ketones and started delivering ketones in different concentrations I realized that I could preserve the mitochondria and the cellular membrane potential even under really high levels of stress so that could be dumping on glutamate which is an excitotoxin high pressure oxygen different environmental chemicals and things that would typically disrupt the cellular energy the cells were much more resilient if they were burning ketones as an energy source so this I did not have an interest in ketones but it just it was one of the things that I studied at the time in 2000 seven or eight I guess that led me down the path that the ketogenic diet and I only knew it of a diet that was used in extreme bodybuilding for cutting but it was like far from optimal open I started researching I was like whoa it's an anti-seizure diet so then I went down that rabbit hole of the ketogenic diet so when it comes to the electrical bioenergetic state of the cell the things that I have researched that really had a high yield effect was basically you know burning ketones you know and and I did it from a petri dish you know we had hippocampal neurons and we had cortex neurons and then that got basically you know translated into looking at brain tissue and then mice and then rats and then ultimately humans how often and when are using Ketone supplements now Dom this morning like when I wake up I'll take third of a packet of Keto start which is like by audacious nutrition it's like really concentrated electrolytes right yeah yeah and the salt blend most Ketone salts on the market basically just give me diarrhea it's really bad like pretty much all of them do there's a formulation that there's a product that I really like called element Rob wolf makes it it's like electrolyte so the keto star uses the that ratio of electrolytes but it binds beta hydroxybutyrate to the electrolytes so you're giving the electrolytes and then you're giving you know ketones at the same time uh so I'll take I'll do a third of the packet in the morning with like creatine and acetyl-l carnitine so I'll mix that together and then I drink that and just with water so it's really no calories and then I go out like this morning I let the cows out I walk around Barefoot I get a lot out of bright Sun as the sun's coming up and then I jump in the pool and swim a couple laps and then I come and start brewing my coffee and getting my workstation getting things up up and running so that's like my normal routine and then I'll take the rest of the packet around like two o'clock in the afternoon and then I'll mix that up and then just give me a second a second wind if I'm hiking or doing like extreme stuff when I lived in the undersea environment for 10 days underwater I was consuming a lot of exogenous ketones and looking at the effects on oxidative markers and things like that so yeah I'm a big fan of you know I have I have a whole bunch of ketones around the office behind me so we have like probably 30 or more molecules I mean most of my research has been on Ketone Esters but then as I progressed then I realized that I was kind of not very favorable from you taking a big load of sodium and then I realized that sodium is actually like one like a performance performance enhancing substance and I kind of load on sodium before I go train especially in Florida so the Ketone salt is actually perfect because I'm getting my electrolytes like element but delivering beta hydroxybutyrate which is like really a nootropic so I think of I experiment with a lot of different nootropics and I find that beta hydroxybutyrate is probably up there with the top and you're it's not a stimulant although if you use like keto start that has caffeine in it then there's a definitely a Synergy between ketones and caffeine that have been you know studied and reported on so that's something that I use also if I'm writing and I just need a lot of cognitive you know energy not really a difference in efficacy with the salts versus the Esters well with the Esters you have to be sort of careful because uh Esters are more potent and we're using them in some of our it depends on the context of what you're using it for so an ester will boost your ketones above two millimolar up to three and four what happens when you boost your Ketone levels to two millimolar is that you start pumping out insulin so and then that's how we actually regulate when we go on a ketogenic diet our ketones become elevated and then we pee out ketones that's called Ketone urea and then as the ketones get elevated the ketones will then stimulate the pancreas to release a little bit of insulin and that decreases fat oxidation in the liver but oxidation of fatty acids in the liver so you know that the insulin as Ben bickman talked about the insulin was shut off the fat burning process which is not good if you're using ketones for recomp if you're consuming Ketone Esters and getting above 2 millimolar then you're shutting off your fat burning process as evidenced by the decreasing ketones production so if so the bottom line is that if you take a ketone supplement and you're shooting above two millimolar maybe even 1.5 then you're decreasing fatty acid oxidation by virtue of releasing insulin and you're also decreasing Ketone production and then what happens like if you're on a standard diet and you take a and I've done this many many times I've taken more Ketone Esters than anybody on the planet I was doing this back and back in like 2008 before anyone knew what Ketone aspers were I had Patrick Arnold making some actually he'd be a good guy to have on your podcast yeah I don't know man yeah he was making stuff for me and I was consuming it you know uh and so what happens if you're on a standard diet and you take a big dose of Ketone Ester and you shoot up to like five millimolar you definitely feel like euphoric and wired but then your ketones go up and then your ketones go down and it prevents your body from making ketones if you take a big dose and then your hypoketonic and hypoglycemic because you're released insulin it basically facilitates glucose disposal and tissue the insulin does and then you get a headache after so I kept getting these headaches I would consume a lot and then I'd have like energy but then I would get a headache then I started doing a lot of blood work Patrick started making Ketone salts for me and we were like the only Ketone salt on the market was sodium beta hydroxybutyrate and then we were like hey why don't we just take other electrolytes and start making so Patrick was doing this in the lab he was sending it to me I was consuming it doing blood work and I realized that the ultimate approach would really be electrolyte supplement that would deliver the ketones so you're getting like a twofer so right and then the the electrolytes basically the mineral load that you get kind of prevents you from going above 1.5 to 2 millimolar so every time I've measured insulin and as many times I've measured insulin with a maximum tolerable dose of a ketone salt and it's like oh it's it barely moves the needle so I can get quite a lot of ketones in my system with a ketone salt and The Taste is way better actually tastes pretty good and uh the keto Star product does it tastes pretty good and then it gets my ketones to where I feel it it delivers the electrolytes I'm not dumping insulin it's not shutting off my own Ketone production so these are what I use sort of on a daily basis for my you know workout I'll take that two-thirds of a pack with some creatine before I go working out although for like different you know for cancer for different like glucose transporter deficiency syndrome like rare metabolic diseases and certain forms of epilepsy I think the Ketone Esters may have more potential there because you just want to get the levels high and keep it high to manage certain serious medical disorders so I think of like Ketone Esters they're always going to taste bad they're probably always going to be kind of expensive they're great for medical applications but you can get a lot of like 90 to 80 percent of the Ketone benefits from the Ketone salts and then actually avoid some of the side effects the hyperinsulinemia that could be a result of the Ketone Esters so it sounds like you're doing about one meal a day doing the ketones in the morning and that too and then larger dinner you know I used to do intermittent fasting but I was losing too much weight so you know I I cruise along at like 230 225 230 for many years but now I'm down to like 210 and I think I'm at a good just like weight for my body but if I do intermittent fasting more I just tend to lose weight so I do I do the ketones in the morning with a lot of water I drink a lot of water and I do the ketones with acetyl-l-carnitine carnitines a good fat burner and a good uh with the creatine and then I go outside do my thing and then yeah I eat I eat breakfast like an hour to when my wife wakes up usually about two hours later like we have breakfast and it's like a keto breakfast and then uh and then I eat a small protein Rich lunch usually like sardines or a little bit of chicken or something but just a small amount and then my biggest meal is probably uh dinner where I eat probably about 50 of my calories kind of at dinner but we've been trying to eat it a little bit early because I don't like to eat disrupt my sleep at night so I get a lot of calories in a brown like five to like six yeah and then just kind of Coast uh and just nibble at night time a little bit with like some berries or just like a little keto ice cream or something at night time but I try to not disrupt my keto breakfast look like Stone we're on the same page I'm just curious if I'm doing it right what's the keto breakfast look like for you so this morning actually I had from last night we cooked scallops for dinner so I had uh like 10 eggs but just two yolks because I gave yolks to my dogs and I put in some scallops and I cooked it in uh in olive oil and uh so it was really high in protein not super high in fat it was like high protein moderate fat essentially no carbs if I have yeah for lunch yeah I have sardines so wild Planet sardines uh man I heard you sold out like Whole Foods around the country we spoke about that on Tim Ferriss is that true I that's what I heard actually yeah we talked to the company that was you know and I experienced I don't always have wild planet we probably have like five different you know we could probably have like five different brands of sardines and mackerel at the house but you know I eat a lot of beef but I noticed that when I started decreasing my beef consumption and adding more batting back in more like chicken and fish my LDL went down and I don't know the atherogenic risk of having a very high LDL on a ketogenic diet which gets a lot of attention probably more attention that it should be getting you know these days uh but mine was was really elevated and I brought it down to the upper range of normal just by incorporating switching out less fatty I was eating you know a lot of fatty ground meat and kind of of phasing that out and just getting more fish and more chicken uh I still eat beef quite often but we get beef from like a local you know grass-fed grass finish and maybe that makes a difference too with bringing it down but uh the day before that I had liver and uh chicken liver so my my wife I grew up eating a lot of liver in Hungary and Budapest hungry so I have liver a couple times a month you know we have that mostly chicken liver and chicken hearts so I think tonight we had she had falling out chicken hearts so we eat a lot of beef liver chicken liver hearts a lot of heart a lot of all different kinds of fish and quite a lot of beef we give our dogs everything that we eat our dogs eat too so we have two dogs and uh we have sheep one final question so you mentioned that you're you're experimenting with a lot of nootropics and obviously you said MCT and ketones and basic substrates like B vitamins magnesium but there's any other things that you've been experimenting with that you've found great efficacy with if you don't mind sharing yeah yeah sure uh yeah there's different things that I've been testing actually uh I'm a consultant for a company that makes uh this product is really good so I've been really into mushrooms me too there's a company uh first person I would tell people check it out so they have three products uh one is the first product you take in the morning and it has it basically boosts your dopamine so it's a you know it has like cordyceps it's it's got l-tyrosine It's got lion's mane uh Yucca purins panics ginseng cordyceps militarist extract cooperzine a maybe I mentioned that so it's basically there's three products one I'll take in the morning and that'll give you a pulse of dopamine and you'll start feeling that and it's basically like head down get done get work done and then they have a product that you take like in the afternoon that one's called Golden hour and it's got basically it's like focus and chill and it's got a mix of mushrooms other interesting ingredients including a tiny dose of lithium in there so I don't know how they navigate that but there's a it's not going to have a small amount in there I think if it's under three milligrams it's legal okay so it's got that in there and then the nighttime formula which I have not I don't use that often but I use occasionally if I need to get to bed early it's moonlight moonlight product so this is what I've been sort of experimenting with and I've you know helped back and forth on the formulations and so uh the Moonlight product has fully basil it's got l-theanine Cava passion flower a couple mushroom uh components too that have sort of an adaptogenic relaxing effects so yeah I think there's a lot of potential in mushrooms and we can go down that scenario but I've been talking with I've visited a mushroom farm recently well first person they're growing all their their lion's name their uh their cordyceps their Rishi and everything so it was really cool to see how that production happens from the ground up and the quality control it's like pharmaceutical grade control there's like steps to even getting into the lab and then autoplay device so and that was out in uh in Seattle Washington sort of the mushroom Capital we're just walking on the property too there was lots of mushrooms yeah that's great we have an amazing um sponsor for the podcast real mushrooms and I've been using them for probably five years and it's the highest quality I can find and there's other companies out there but nobody's compared but I definitely will check out first person I'm a massive fan like I use mushrooms literally every day in in many different ways yeah yeah I'm becoming a Believer you know uh I've been sampling different things you know over the years and realized that there's a lot of potential here I mean this is truly like food is medicine kind of things even from a culinary perspective I was always interested in mushrooms but yeah the bioactive component actually I was just talking with sort of people in space research and NASA and their gen you know developing a regenerative agricultural system and mushrooms are a big part of that so mushrooms mushrooms will be going to space too so that the mushroom conversation is super interesting and uh and I think it's not I mean we're just at the cusp of it now I think there's so many applications to functional mushrooms I know you're a fan of measuring your HIV I don't know if you've used ratios specifically for HRV but I see a huge bump in um probably two to three grams before bed if I if I'm gonna improve well if I'm looking to improve my deep sleep with my HRV it's a pretty consistent bump like across all my clients and myself reishi is in the the Moonlight product so that's very interesting so I've been using this very intermittently like if I need to get to bed early and stuff and I do notice I wear different sleep monitors uh a Fitbit and then the aura ring too I do notice more deep sleep yeah definitely so I mean three grams of ratio before bed I see a good bump in HRV obviously I go through experimental times of like over training and overreaching and then trying to recover and HRV is one of those consistent things I just see working kind of across the board yeah sorry ratios when I was thinking about sport yeah reishi and the reishi effect on HRV so that's really interesting so I'm going to start paying attention John I know man I'll be respectful of your time every time you come on it's just it's awesome I'm sure we could talk for hours I need to make it into the lab if I ever yeah get invited happy to get down there and uh we'll make it happen man I'd love to work uh or just be a fly on the wall or support you guys in any way we can um is there a way that our audience can support you down do you have a patreon does a lab have some way where people can make um donations to the lab because I think people listening you can make a hundred dollar a thousand dollar donation to The LAB to support you in some of this amazing research I'd love to uh be able to contribute and ultimately direct our audience to be able to contribute to your lab well Ben I really appreciate that yeah I think you know I try not to ask for money that kind of feels weird but I think you could support just by sharing you know sharing the podcast listeners out there obviously that and then uh my website it's more of an educational website I don't really sell any personal products don't have it but uh ketonutrition.org so all one word ketonutrition.org uh we do I do have a website set up for some of the consulting stuff we do with the like with the space research and things like that so I'm always looking for I'm actually very much looking for commercial partners that would be interesting on interested in getting their product or their device onto commercial space flight Mission so if there's anybody out there that are interested in maybe you know getting their company logo on a rocket or a spaceship that's going to go space research uh and then using their product too or using their biowarable device or something like that on space mission I am working with groups that are sort of organizing that so uh we do on keto Ketone technologies.com is a website that I have set up for Consulting and more like research that we do with USF and outside USF and I think there's a link to the USF foundation on there uh and that link the money that goes into 501c3 and that money is under tight control and that that is only used for like student research projects on metabolism you know uh metabolic Psychiatry uh is something I've been very interested in so using nutrition to treat depression using nutrition to treat bipolar disorder so there was a had a very cool conference the metabolic Psychiatry roadmap it was in this is just the mug from the conference yeah uh where we got together as a group of academics and clinicians and talked about the role of nutrition and Metabolism on brain function and has profound effects on depression anxiety like PTSD so it's a very this topic is emerging and now the NIH is actually funding some research and I'm very interested you're preaching the choir on that time I I know you don't have any kids yet but like one of my passions is is my children ultimately children in general and I was metabolically broken as a child because I just ate so poorly My Lifestyle was terrible and so I'm so aware of the implications and so I'm you know I don't say I'm neurotic but I'm pretty uh you know highly aware let's say with my kids and like I want to make sure they're metabolically healthy you know just to avoid things like that I think it's it's something we can avoid in these young adults who are experiencing panic disorders and anxieties and depressions like can it all be eliminated who knows but certainly a lot of them can in my opinion so I love that you guys are doing this and if there's a place where I can go watch the I don't know if you guys filmed it or if you're going to sell the webinar and like that it's on YouTube I would love to be a part of that and understand what's going on yeah absolutely thanks for asking so as a co-host for metabolicalsummit.com so we had speakers on there uh shibani Sethi from uh Stanford so she actually coined the term metabolic Psychiatry so her talk is on there Dr Chris uh Palmer who would be awesome guy to have on he's at Harvard Medical School and I'm sure he does he does podcast too he was a speaker talked about the mitochondria and metabolic health and Psychiatry so he treats schizophrenia and bipolar but he gave a talk but he also brought on a patient that had like she was obese she had untreated like bipolar that was crazy and uh this this talk is actually available on metabolic Health Summit website you can download we had a virtual component so you can actually see all the talks you can get CME credits and CEUs for it so all that's downloadable on the virtual platform that's metabolicalsummit.com and we had quite a few speakers on metabolic Psychiatry that were just kind of mind-blowing and it kind of you know really we want to elevate this Mission more and make that a bigger part of the metabolic Health Summit which we'll probably have in Tampa 2023 probably we're organizing that right now to give more attention to brain health and Psychiatry and in regards to using nutrition and metabolic approaches for Psychiatry yeah but that metabolicalsummit.com all that virtual the virtual platform will give you all the talks I presume there'll be someone talking about the benefits of exercise to metabolic well or to to cognitive well-being right was there somebody at that seminar or that Summit that spoke on that absolutely yeah Tommy wood talked about that so he's uh he's out there in in Seattle too and and he gave a talk about well basically using exercise that muscle so muscle is not only like our metabolic engine but muscle creates hormones and cytokines like myokines and there's the il-6 and things like that so muscle is an endocrine organ that is like super important for our mental health our overall metabolic Health uh we had Dr Colin champ so who is a you know a radiation oncologist but he is actually spearheading exercise oncology so there's a whole field being developed right now using exercise to mitigate cancer cachexia and how the huge effects that he has in his patients just employing a very well-designed exercise protocol to for for outcomes like it's dramatically improving outcomes as you would imagine but it's not you know it's not so much on the NCI or NIH radar to do research uh so much on exercise but but it's showing new data new projects that are emerging and new science showing that if you exercise and do a well-designed exercise program it's reducing chemo brain it's reducing the side effects from from drugs and it's just augmenting our metabolism in ways that decrease cancer growth for one thing it can be obviously a preventative too but less research is being done on that Dom I'm incredibly grateful for you as a human and for everything you do man thank you for making the time to join us today thanks for having me Ben appreciate it great to be on as always question [Music] all right ladies and gents thank you very much that's a wrap for today's episode Dominic D'Agostino is truly a brilliant wealth of information Dom thank you for joining us thank you for being here on the most intelligence podcast I don't take your attention lightly I do my best to always bring the best guests ask the best questions do my research so we're ultimately giving you the most Cutting Edge information to help you solve your health Fitness and muscle building problems muscle intelligence is constantly growing and expanding to support your journey muscle intelligence.com learn l-e-a-r-n if you want to pick up a listener guide for each episode get an extended show notes additional links other resources at absolutely no cost to you because we want to support you guys and ultimately living your greatest life in the body you love special shout out to our sponsors organifi organifi.com muscle to get you hooked up with 20 off ladies and gents don't miss out organifi is truly a great product if you haven't tried it go if you already tried it go get some more because you know it's delicious and that's why they continue to sponsor us because our listeners take action on living the our greatest life with the highest quality ingredients I don't know about you but I'm neurotic about what goes into my body I care about what goes into my body and so should you this is becoming my tissues I want to be around for a long time I want to feel great I want to perform well I want to look like a champion all the time and another way we can do that is supporting our friends over by optimizers bi opti-m-i-z-e-r-s particularly my favorite product they have two of my favorite products mag breakthrough is just amazing and mass times is another product that I just don't live without if I'm consuming a high amount of meat which I'm about to go consume I'm going to throw in about four to five mass times with the meal and sometimes I'll even take it between meals or in the morning to bring down systemic inflammation if you're someone who wants to look great feel great perform at your best use the code muscle 10 at checkout ladies and gents thank you very much for being here as always live your greatest much for tuning in to muscle intelligence share it with at least one person you know make sure you're subscribed so you never miss an episode this podcast is for information purposes only statements and views on this podcast are not medical advice this podcast including Ben bakulski and the producers disclaim responsibility for any possible adverse effects from the use of information contained here in opinions of guests are their own and this podcast does not endorse or accept responsibility for statements made by guests this podcast does not make any representations or warranties about Guest qualifications or credibility this podcast may contain paid endorsements or advertisements for products or Services individuals on this podcast may have a direct or indirect financial interest and products or Services referred to here in if you think you have a medical problem consult a licensed physician

  Top Comments:
  1. @jsweetness5 [11 likes]: This is actually one of the only real authorities on a ketogenic diet, benefits of ketones and the modified Atkins diet.
  2. @dhhavs [3 likes]: Suuuperb!! v v informative 👍💪
  3. @themidstream [2 likes]: So much value straight from the start.
  4. @mariejones7136 [1 likes]: After i got cancer and knew nothing i got chemo..Now im fasting and keto diet with low glucose..i do use some exogenous ketones sometimes..im getting ketones and low glucose..but its tough to stay in ketosis..i check my glucose and keytones with a keto mojo..i dont eat fruit except for 15 berries here and there..zero sugar products..i take berberine..im not sure what to eat stll..keto is basically meat and fish and eggs and  vegetables.. sardines...i make some low carb soups..i try and meditate...i take lysine for anti viral but i would love to know how dr dom feels about ivermectin..
  5. @ritajaworski [1 likes]: Super sponging all this fantastic information
  6. @britchie7224 [1 likes]: Re your magnesium advertised. Isn't all the magnesium in it's ionic form Mg2+ ? So how does it matter what salt form it is in? What am I not understanding here?
  7. @jaktao6044: Doms got it going on!
  8. @heffes1667: Ben, Very interesting, It would be great to have, Dominics,  detailed food and supplement list that he uses on a weekly basis. I was and still am being treated for a gleason 4+5 prostatecancer with ADT but have also started out since 5 weeks on on a Keto based diet. What especially caught my attention was that he mentioned Keto salt intake and other agents that could be a part of killing off or severely limit the occurence of defect mitochondries. It´s kind of hard to hear the names of the different substances mentioned in the video, so please fill me in. I´ve been an endurance athlete for all my life but the cancer took its toll 4 years ago, still trying to hang on though. I guess everyone knows what Androgene Therapy does to your overall fitness, it is not nice. Thanks for bringing this kind of valuable information out in the open, especially when "Standard Of Care many times seem to have gone astray . ♥ ♥
  9. @enduring5061: What a fascinating interview. Thanks 🙏
  10. @elec3calengr: Please discuss keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀 effect for kids 👶👧 and students on learning, memory and IQ
  11. @sela562jig: Haven't even watched and the video gets a 👍💯

- #24 - Dr. Dominic D'Agostino | Modified Ketogenic Diet for Optimal Health & Exercise (Part 2): Kind: captions Language: en so i guess the question stated another way is the ketogenic diet optimal for exercise performance and gaining muscle i would say no but if you're if you want to enhance body composition in regards to maximum fat loss and muscle retention i would say that a modified ketogenic diet is probably superior for some people hi everyone welcome to live longer world i am your host astha and in this podcast i speak with longevity scientists working to slow and reverse aging to find all podcast episodes and other resources go to my website livelongerworld.com to find the link to the show notes for this episode check out the description below you said you take a beta hydroxybutyrate supplement um is that to elevate your ketone bodies even more in addition to the modified keto diet cheeto yeah the diet that i follow is like it's actually pretty heavy in carbohydrates relative to a ketogenic diet because i'm eating a lot of cruciferous vegetables a lot of brussels sprouts broccoli cauliflower asparagus and berries have berries every night and a little bit of dark chocolate uh and you know i try to get some nuts too maybe walnuts or almonds occasionally but uh so my my beta hydroxybutyrate in the morning is really low like point three point two something like that but at throughout the day it as my metabolism revs up i'm usually about like one but i like to get it up to one like in the morning and i think that actually elevates beta hydroxybutyrate enough with like a ketone electrolyte salt to start getting some of the signaling effects the anti-inflammatory effects the epigenetic effects even and the signaling effects so yeah i take uh there's different salts like on the market you could do mcts too i don't take a ketone ester although we tend to do a lot of research with them for different things but it's a product called ketostart it has sodium potassium calcium and magnesium so it's in a formulation that you can consume enough that it doesn't cause gi upset and can get your ketones as high as like two if you want it but i just take like a third of the packet in the morning i can feel it and then i take the rest of the packet like midday and uh and the ketones do give your brain a little bit of a kick and you feel it i mix it i'm a big proponent of creatine monohydrate so i take ketone electrolytes with creatine monohydrate and acetyl-l-carnitine so on a keto diet your body's transporting a lot of fat to the mitochondria in kids we tend to see carnitine depletion in kids especially if they're not eating meat so uh and acetyl-l-carnitine crosses the blood-brain barrier it's kind of like people use it as a nootropic studies are being done on depression with it so there's a lot of very interesting things so it's one of the few supplements that i take um i'm trying to think of the supplements vitamin d magnesium creatine beta hydroxybutyrate salts melatonin i do take at night i know that's a bit controversial and then nmn so so the ketogenic diet will elevate nad plus but i've been experimenting with a supplement that's nicotine mononucleotide with resveratrol and i've used it on and off and trying to get an opinion about it i think uh i think there's some benefits especially with uh when i take a higher dose and i exercise it gives me a second wind so and i think maybe the benefits may occur like you the more you use it the longer you use it the particular product it's called verso and i don't i don't know like who the scientist is involved i don't know if it's david sinclair what if he has his own supplement line or whatever but i've tried different things in the past and i used it and i was not very convinced but my wife kept telling me that it was working and she's not she doesn't really she doesn't have a favorable view of most supplements so i took it i said i didn't notice anything but then i doubled the dose because they were sending us a lot and then i was uh i started swimming and i noticed that uh i didn't tell her at the time but then i started taking it more i was like yeah i feel it but only if i'm really pushing myself aerobically so i mean for athletes and stuff it might be interesting and you know maybe if you're older in the 70s and 80s too it might become more relevant to take an nad supplement and i know this is a very hot topic in longevity science right i think there's also some debate on it that it doesn't most of the studies show that you know it may not actually be having that many lifespan benefits but i do know anecdotally a lot of people will say especially all the that they feel more energetic so yeah i'm not sure maybe that's something that works better in humans maybe it's placebo or maybe it is working and some people i i have no idea i was skeptical i sat on uh study sections and federal grants reviewing some of the mouse data and things like that uh and was skeptical but then more and more grant started coming in and then i saw evidence that it was getting through the gi tract through the liver making it to the brain having some interesting effects you know actually boosting brain tissue levels uh and the critique has been well it gets to the liver and but it doesn't get past but then i'm thinking like like you know elevating nad in the liver is probably a good thing i mean the liver is like the master metabolic regulator so keeping the liver healthy is probably one of the most important things so it's it might be a good thing that you're you know through first pass metabolism your the liver is getting hit with a big dose of nad that might be an anti-aging strategy for the liver but uh but some of the new data is showing that you know it's getting into the muscles and then i have friends that are doing nad uh shots there some of them are doing iv some of them are injecting and they're telling me that it's working i haven't tried it yet but uh i i kind of a few of them i really believe you know because they don't make things up and they've tried other things and said it didn't work so i'm kind of curious although i think my nad levels are probably pretty good the ketogenic diet increases nad so you asked about the mechanisms of the ketogenic diet and now i was i chaired the american epilepsy special interest group on dietary therapies and we had a speaker marwan element that was she was the first author on a paper review article that discussed nad as the main mechanism behind the beneficial effects of the ketogenic diet and there's pretty compelling evidence that uh the the ketogenic diet induced increase in nad is contributing to some of the therapeutic benefits hmm fascinating well what biomarkers do you track uh in our well i personally and in our study too uh i wear continuous glucose monitor so glycemic variability so you can get directly know your average glucose and then insulin hemoglobin a1c which is interesting to compare with average glucose high sensitivity c-reactive protein so hserp triglycerides um and blood pressure is probably one that i've been you know really interested in lately and i would love to have a continuous blood pressure monitor because i see how it changes under different circumstances so glucose ketones and ketones through a breath ketone device and blood ketones too and yeah actually i use a zrt cardio metabolic kit and we use this we do some research with nasa in extreme environments and these kits you can actually just put blood on it on a card and you don't have to do you don't need a phlebotomist and then you can send it to the lab just like a quest labs or lab core and get and get data on that and we're using that in our registered clinical trial to test [Music] continuous glucose monitoring as a behavioral tool to optimize metabolic health so we're doing that now we're using levels software as a software that's kind of tracking and things like that so that we're almost done with our second cohort so we have some interesting data coming in we presented some of it at experimental biology and at usf and then at metabolic health summit we have some some things so yeah i think the ones that are super important are uh glucose ketones if you're doing a ketogenic diet insulin hscrp triglycerides ldl hdl so that's another thing we talk about cholesterol and uh and blood pressure i mean that's kind of and then of course i do a cbc like i do a complete blood panel you know cbc cmp uh at least once a year like two or three times a year i try to do it but at least once a year i always do that okay okay cool yeah in terms of ldl i guess i think a common concern on ketogenic diets is that it would raise the ldl levels do you think that's a concern at all or do you think i mean it something like apa b or a pa is a better marker for um just heart disease in general yeah we added apo b to uh to our panel because the cardio metabolic kit does not measure that so we added apo b and uh and that goes up too a little bit but not not as much uh so i think uh you know ldl i have to say that my ldl did skyrocket in the beginning but everything else improved so hdl went up my hdl was in like the 80s and that's that's really good uh and my triglycerides went down like below 50s i had one that was like 39 in the 40s so triglycerides went down but the persistently elevated ldl is a concern for people who have uh heart disease in their family and also if the other biomarkers are not going in the right direction so if you have uh if your glucose hemoglobin a1c triglycerides if these things are not significantly improving and you have a significantly elevated ldl as a consequence of a ketogenic diet you need to make some changes i would recommend cautiously recommend and some changes that you can make is actually switching out i reduce my dairy fat intake and uh animal protein animal fat derived you know saturated fat to more monounsaturated fat uh a lot of fish a lot of the extra virgin olive oil and mcts which is saturated fat but i think you know when i first started doing the ketogenic diet i was getting a lot of butter heavy cream and dairy fat and just simply reducing that eating a lot more fish like just omega-3s alone so say you did nothing else but just started like mega dosing omega-3 you would see some improvements in in your lipid profile across the board including ldl um and yeah i mean i don't think like eating a ribeye steak two pounds over by steak every day is good i know people are doing that and they're getting benefits from that and there's probably you know if you're equating for calories and your body composition is good and everything you're probably not doing that much harm but i don't think it's optimal so right i don't think it's optimal so if we want optimal biomarkers i think it would be wise and prudent to tr attempt to prevent a decrease in ldl with a ketogenic diet and in the beginning i was thinking maybe 15 percent of people experience this but i think it's more like 50 or 60 percent based upon the research that we're doing and there are different strategies that you can do just getting more plant-based fiber in getting you know like i said monounsaturated fats keeping saturated fat you know of all your fat keeping it like 20 to 25 or less is is one thing that you can do and you know even eggs i'm a big fan of you know replacing some meat with eggs i've been doing that lately and and i give some of the like the yolks to my dogs a lot so i've been eating a little bit but an egg yolk is really oleic acid it's more it's not even that really high in saturated fat so and eating a lot of smaller fish you know is something that i do too i know as a vegetarian you probably don't need that but i do like sardines and you know oysters and mackerel and things like that and i've replaced some of my meat with more fish and uh and i don't even think i had any meat today yet but usually like at dinner we'll do like some kind of meat or fish or something like that but i've had like eggs throughout the day and more eggs so we have free-range chickens and stuff running around so that's amazing where is your farm uh we're in the middle we're in like plant city florida and uh yeah we have like eight cows and they're just it's kind of like a hobby farm but it's kind of growing into and we have like a a pond which was a fish farm so i'm renovating it and i want to do like more of a regenerative farm it's like my retirement project i've been working on that so that's awesome before i yeah no before i dive into some other questions and more common questions people have on ketogenic diets one question before i forget uh the beta hydroxybutyrate supplement you mentioned do you just take that without food in the mornings yeah my routine is like wake up drink a big glass of water and then i get my coffee brewing uh i'm a big fan of coffee too but i don't go too overboard with it and then i uh i mix like a third of a packet of keto starch with some uh like three grams of creatine monohydrate which is a good supplement for strength and some acetyl carnitine and then i mix that up and it tastes really good and then i drink that and then i take the dogs out let the cows out walk around barefoot get some sun get some sunshine you know and then you know for 15 minutes so come back in get my coffee and then i i put uh without eating anything and then i put something in my coffee called ketobrains which is mct oil powder it's got lion's mane alpha gpc and uh theanine in it so theanine is sort of a gaba based you know amino acid and then mixed with the coffee it's good it takes like the jitters away from caffeine and you're very focused and then on days where i need to get a lot done i just have that little spike of ketones with the electrolytes and then the creatine and then i come in and i have my coffee and then i can just bang out a lot of work for like four to six hours right and then sometimes then i'll eat my first meal or i'll come in you know have my coffee and then i'll cook breakfast and lately i've been eating more breakfast you know and i just do intermittent fasting maybe once or twice a week something like that but i like to sit down with my wife and have breakfast and have dinner uh and for breakfast i'll have you know actually i've been making these waffles which are like eggs and i just mix some eggs and like mozzarella cheese together into a batter and put it in this little convenient waffle maker and you just pour it in and just magically makes these waffles and i've been kind of eating eating them and um uh but yeah i'm okay the things when you are adapted when you're fat adapted and you follow ketogenic diet for a period of time or if you just do intermittent fasting when you're fasting it doesn't become a crisis if you go without food so i think that's that's a significant advantage to being fat adapted but i do experience really good benefits with a ketone supplement so i'll add that and i think the science is very nascent but i think you know there's like 50 clinical trials already which surprised me on ketone supplements and i think i think there's a lot of potential in in these compounds i think there's a lot of work that we need to do to develop the optimal formulation because the current ketone salts that are on the market i they have questionable purity they have questionable potency and they have very questionable tolerability that you drink them and then you have to run to the bathroom they have to have so that's why the ketostar product has like an electrolyte array similar to another product that i really like called element it's lmnt it's like an electrolyte raw wolf makes it and then the electrolyte blend is very much the same but the electrolytes are bound to ketones so you're delivering the electrolytes and delivering ketones beta-hydroxybutyrate at a pretty high concentration and uh like i don't take a whole package a third of the pack i feel it and then i do the other two thirds later on the afternoon so that has become one of my staple supplements and uh but i used to take tons of different supplements but now i've narrowed it down to vitamin d you know maybe magnesium at night and then melatonin i do think there's a lot of benefits to melatonin for sleep i did melatonin as a postdoctoral fellow where uh i put it into solution with hippocampal brain slices and i saw that it decreased oxygen free radicals and basically kept the hippocampus very healthy under conditions that would otherwise kill the neurons so that made me kind of a believer in this when you do the research and i think it's a very good antioxidant so i don't take it necessarily as a sleep supplement although i take it during the day i'm also in touch with patients that are using like one to two grams of melatonin not not milligrams like grams of melatonin for an anti-cancer effect so these are cancer patients who more or less are effectively managing their cancer and their melatonin at a high dose has anti-cancer effects and uh some other interesting properties so and they're not sleepy so one of the things actually say it has like a serotonin effect they feel happy they feel good i think you're well past the dosage you're saturating the receptors and everything but they became because i never heard of people taking such a high cancer patients these are cancer pain yeah there's groups of cancer patients and then you know they send me papers and i was reading the papers i was like there's pretty good scientific rationale for the anti-cancer effects of melatonin so you know i communicated with them i was like well how do you feel and they said well uh and these are a couple now so first and one patient in particular that i talk to quite often uh actually goes by the name of naples dave so you can look them up on instagram and check them out because he has you know his prognosis was not very good and he's pretty he's effectively managing his cancer uh with ketogenic diet fasting and incorporating also the standard of care uh and actually he used exogenous ketones too which is kind of interesting uh but i i know his doctor at the moffat cancer center and it's a remarkable case and i think it's actually worthy of maybe a case report so um so yeah and then you know there's just people that are taking mega dosing melatonin it's something it's a supplement that i've used since graduate school so 25 years i've been using it and i don't see any negative effects from it and i think there's good health benefits and brain longevity benefits to using melatonin you should uh talk to dr sachan panda about it if i remember correctly i believe i heard you say that he is not a huge fan of it because it disrupts your circadian rhythm and also leads to a think glucose spike so yeah i'm not sure about that we talked about it a little bit i brought it up in a recent interview that i did with him i'm not sure if they posted it yet on uh on the youtube page but uh so he was mostly not a fan of melatonin because of the potential for circadian disruption right so if the and you know and the the and he's very right that the dose of melatonin is like 5 or 10 milligrams now where it should really be like 500 micrograms but on conversely you have people taking a thousand milligram or 5 000 milligrams you're taking gram like you know getting the raw powder and scooping it and they're feeling great all their biomarkers are great and then you know i don't i'm mostly interested in melatonin not affected to circadian and they're sleeping great too from my understanding but my interest in melatonin is as a neuroprotective antioxidant compound that crosses the blood-brain barrier and gets into the mitochondria and into the brain i think it has remarkable effects there and the anti-cancer effects too uh in particular for breast cancer and stuff so i'm actually pushing my wife to you know take it more prophylactically uh but she's not doesn't want to take any kind of pills you know she's and i agree with it i think the most important thing to do for sleep and circadian is to get out in the sun early in the morning get you know bright light in your face and uh but you don't want to overdo sun too but i'm i've i'm a big fan of the sun we live in florida so i try to get it early in the morning and just i kind of do work during the day but i keep my my office you know keep a window right by my desk i think that's important okay so what about ketogenic diet for women because i think some people are a little iffy about it especially i know personally for me especially before i start my menstrual cycle i have way more carb cravings so it's much harder for me to practice it back then but in general like is there data that it affects the two sexes men and women differently yeah i think the suppression of the hormone insulin can alter female physiology in ways that males don't experience and one thing i mean in women that are lactating if they become totally unable to you know breastfeed if they're on a low carb ketogenic diet so they have to incorporate carbs i know personally some some females like that and if you look at the only really good data we have with female solidata we have females with it our true ketogenic diet is in the world of epilepsy and in that case some adolescent females become amenorrhea and so there's like i think the data was a five times higher chance of getting amenorrhea but if you really look at the data it appeared that it was the protein restriction too was part of that so maybe a more modified diet uh modified atkins type diet and higher protein that would have not been the case uh so i do think that females if they do follow a ketogenic diet it's probably more important for them to get adequate protein like 20 of their diet to protein and not like 10 protein are not like not a clinical ketogenic diet so to ensure that they get the problem with females that i've communicated with over the years that they start a ketogenic diet they start an exercise program and then they'd like intermittent fast at the same time so it's like they're doing all these interventions so the combination of carbohydrate restriction very low over exercising with calorie restriction their hormones go through the floor they stop menstruating they're over exercising so i think this is largely a result of a calorie deficit and you know which is exercising will produce more of a calorie deficit and but if you get sufficient amount of calories sufficient amount of protein and you're not over training i see little chance of any hormonal effects unless you're doing like a very regimented clinical ketogenic diet could be the possibility for that but you don't know unless you test so i think it's it's more important for women to do just an overall hormone profile look at thyroid look at lhfsh you know look at you know do a hormone profile uh may be more important for women but i i look at my hormones i do salivary hormones and blood hormones and you know everything is pretty much normal uh my dhea was trending a little bit low so so actually i do take i don't do like testosterone replacement therapy or anything like that but i do take a dose of dhea first thing in the morning so that's yeah that's another supplement that i take and then that seems to that definitely brought my dhea up and everything else is like you know within the a good range so uh and i'm not getting not super young so uh so things i know many i know just many people guys especially in the fitness world that are on hormone replacement therapy testosterone and they're like in their 30s and 40s so i don't want to go that route for a long time so i think i get a lot of questions about the ketogenic diet increasing testosterone decreasing testosterone i don't i it didn't really have any effect on me as long i know that fasting will decrease my time and that's why i kept my fasting to three days when i did five days or seven days definitely suppress my hormone so and it took took some time for it to recover so but with three days seems to be the sweet spot i can get deep into ketosis probably get a lot of benefits without disrupting my my hormones and what about pregnant women is it safe for them to be on a ketogenic diet yeah i definitely would not go out on a limb and say hey it's fine but uh but conversely i've been in contact with a number of women who contacted me and said you know i went full term i was in a state of high ketones the whole time i don't think it's optimal i think the growing fetus you know probably it's good to do a mixed diet a lot you know some women gain too much weight you know during pregnancy so i think one way to moderate that weight gain is simply to you know restrict your carbohydrates but i think a lower carb maybe moderate protein moderate fat diet just a mixed diet you eliminate process but i think you need to be very much more cautious about what you're eating when you're pregnant because the developing fetus is very sensitive to environmental toxins so you know you probably don't want to be eating you know fish every day so but then again things like i i eat a lot of sardines and joe rogan told me that he was eating sardines and his arsenic was off to try so immediately i come home and i was like okay i did the hair test i did blood so everything was within normal range uh mercury arsenic all that stuff uh was in normal range and if anything i was eating massive amounts of fish during that time like eating traveling lots of sardines and things like that so if there was heavy metals or other contaminant in my fish it would have showed up on there although when i was um in grad school i was eating those big cans of tuna that you get from sam's and you know and i think maybe i was getting some effects that i was losing more hair but maybe my testosterone but i i saw some effects and one of my professors was like i don't it wasn't i didn't take it as you know a critique but she was like hey you're you're eating a lot of tuna and you tend to be losing some hair there and she's like i had a friend that was you know eating eating a lot of swordfish and things and then and she started it was a female she started losing her hair and i was like oh that's kind of interesting and i like started eating more salmon i think at the time or whatever but looking back i was way too much tuna fish i was eating i was on a super high protein diet and i think maybe i was maybe getting some signs of mercury toxicity looking back but i never knew to measure back then you know i wasn't it can be i think under some circumstances but uh you know she sent me some papers on it or something like that but uh but i'm not totally convinced but i think the important thing is like you know the question was about pregnancy and i think you need to be much more cautious about the quality of your food when you're pregnant or you're breastfeeding i know i would be like having studied like developmental biology and neurobiology and things like that uh like we live on a farm you know it was there's like lots of glyphosate being used which is roundup and other chemicals and things like that and when we you know we bought the place started looking through all the chemicals and thinking wow you know i would be very if you know my wife was pregnant or something and i would be very cautious and very concerned uh about living on a farm and i grew up on farms spraying you know chemicals and things like that and looking back um i would be very cautious and with females that are pregnant in that situation so but i don't see any particular concerns with a ketogenic diet if that's uh but i don't think it's ideal i don't think there's like serious safety concerns i would not advise it but i would advise maybe a lower carbohydrate diet if you have a propensity to gain weight you know during pregnancy that's one way to moderate it and what about children do you think they need higher carbs or can they be on a modified keto low-carb diet well we have a obesity problem with children now so i think the biggest thing to target is calorie containing liquids like high fructose corn syrup sodas and things like that so that's like the low-hanging fruit that we need to eliminate but processed carbs are a big problem low you know lower carb diets i think are can be very beneficial for kids that have like hd adhd and attention deficit disorder and things like that i know that because i've communicated with quite a few parents and some of them even sending me videos before and after their behavior their kids some of them sending report cards showing like you know their scores are higher after doing what they're calling a ketogenic diet but when i find out what they're really eating it's more just like like no sugar no processed carbs just you know lower carb and not necessarily ketogenic and in the world of epilepsy too like uh cognitive function increases with you know if you're not having seizures you tend to have better behavior better learning and memory and things like that so uh in the world of epilepsy we know that kids do well on a ketogenic diet and they tend to do better cognitively and whether that translates to you know normal healthy kids probably not but for kids that have the beginning of obesity and we have kids now with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and you know they would be good candidates i think for uh if not ketogenic diet just a lower carb which which makes me think do you think uh there's a genetic component to it as well like people respond differently to ketogenic diets based on their with their genes yeah uh i collaborated with lucia eronica on a review article and uh dr jeff volk was on it too that people can have a variety of different snips where they have impaired fatty acid oxidation enzymes and even like ketolytic enzymes and things that would make them more susceptible to a higher fat intake so are definitely people that i've communicated with that had fat intolerance that felt sick on a ketogenic diet they got hypoglycemic they could not they're few and far between but i think most people if they give it time can adapt to a ketogenic diet but for some people you know it's hard to put a number to it ten fifty percent they just they almost have a violent response to the higher fat so with our study we're doing now on dr allison hall at florida medical clinic is sort of the the clinician running the study what she does and she's learned through you know a vast amount of experience is to transition a person to a ketogenic diet over like four to six weeks you know if they're at two 300 grams of carbs you bring them down to 100 and then you know gradually to eight to you know to 75 you know 50 25 and then you titrate it depending upon the individual to achieve an elevation of ketones and then that that's a little bit different for each each patient but uh but that that's the best way to do it to ensure adaptation to prevent side effects and also if they have a bad experience out of the gate they're likely not going to follow through with the 12-week you know intervention that we have so or sustain the diet to produce that sustained weight loss which is really producing the beneficial effects weight loss that's a good point when i initially started the ketogenic diet it was actually during covid um and i completely cut out my carbs and i the next day i woke up and i thought i was dying i felt so sick uh but i eventually adapted it was fine yeah yeah the same happens with like intermittent fasting so you can kind of uh enhance that metabolic switching which is a term uh dr mark matson uses the metabolic switch uh one way to help you adapt to a ketogenic diet is to do like low carb intermittent fasting and then gradually titrate your carbohydrates down and and i think it could be not completely painless but it can be uh much more tolerable for most people to do it in that way more gradual way i didn't do it that way i just went like straight right into like i got dr freeman and dr coss off the book and was like i bought the scale at the time i bought these blood the blood ketone meter which was like really crazy expensive at the time uh i forget the name of the company but it was like you know i went full steam into it and kind of got sick and lost a lot of strength and but you know after about three or four weeks i was like okay i see what you're talking about like i started feeling the benefits and i didn't get hungry and that was very odd for me i was very much into food to not be hungry it was kind of a little strange to not be hungry all the time then i realized oh i'm going into a 10-year track faculty position and if i can not be hungry i can get more work done and i can you know not have to be you know i can leverage it to my advantage and i was reading so much about ketones i was really believing like wow if i get my ketones elevated then i'll just be much more productive and happy overall so i think a lot of the benefits that i talk about with being in ketosis came as a result of the belief that ketones were magical and that they're going to do and i think to some extent they are and i think that's why i take small amounts of exogenous ketones because they do offer real world benefits but i think a lot of my initial enthusiasm and you know advocacy of this was just through just being very compelled by the science and this was dr richard veach at the time dr george cahill who did research on like fasting dr mark matson i think he had published that beta hydroxybutyrate was enhancing learning and memory because it was like it was a molecule that when you fast beta hydroxybutyrate goes up and that works through bdnf to enhance long-term potentiation and memory and things like so i was reading all these papers and doing the diet and you know experiencing these benefits and i think uh half of my enthusiasm for this was i was very excited to be able to be in a faculty position to do what i love and to make this part of my you know academic research program that was part of it too and i had students that it's much better when you have students that are sincerely enthusiastic and interested in what you're doing you know and and instead of studying like a drug or some kind of esoteric pathway with a diet once you get results it's like it has like real world applicability so you can talk about it and like people get interested in it as opposed to like you know some weird drug affecting k rafts for like cancer or something like that so but we do drug research we do metformin research and i know you had a doctor right yeah i have you know uh a student of mine did his whole project just on metformin and you know so we do drug research too it's just most of what we do is ketogenic interventions what was the research in metformin yeah so we looked at the mechanism of metformin so metformin does suppress cancer like in our so we looked at you know amp kinase but mostly uh what we discovered is that metformin is working through complex one of the mitochondria and it actually functions as like a weak mitochondrial toxin so it actually increases reactive oxygen species and that may contribute to you know maybe some of the anti-cancer effects but it has through the through the mitochondrial electron transport chain it has sort of a a weak mitochondrial toxicity associated with that that is associated with some of the anti-cancer effects that we saw in the lab and maybe i i was interested in melatonin i mean i was into metformin as a longevity drug and you know our discovery was that it was sort of functioning as a mild mitochondrial toxin in a way and and i you know no doubt that it activates amp kinase too and we didn't see a very big i was very interested to see a reduction in glucose we didn't really see that in the minus there was a trend towards it but it wasn't really that significant uh and i think if you if you have really high glucose metformin can bring it down by enhancing insulin sensitivity maybe through amp kinase but the main effect that we saw that it was kind of working to increase you know mitochondrial reactive oxygen species and it was kind of working through this mechanism so when you did the experiments in metformin was it that metformin was given to mice who had cancer or just given to both groups and some the mice that had metformin didn't develop cancer versus uh the others did yeah we used the vmm3 model of metastatic cancer and it decreased you know tumor burden over time so it gave the mice like a little bit of a longevity advantage and we also looked at another drug called dca dichloroacetate which activates pdh you know we're pretty enthusiastic that that was going to produce an effect too based upon some literature but i think it had like little or no effect on our model is pretty mild effect whereas metformin had a pretty nice effect on and we didn't we didn't like couple metformin with other interventions we i think maybe i wanted my student to at the time but he was mostly interested in drugs and not so much the diet so we just did metformin with a standard diet and it had an effect similar to a modified ketogenic diet not not quite as much but um and and we never did a study where we like combined like metformin ketone supplementation ketogenic diet hyperbaric oxygen like i wanted to because you know some patients are doing this too and it would be nice to do that but i think if you throw too many things in you don't know what's working but we have kind of already studied each thing individually so i think it would be nice to go back and combine like two deoxy glucose ketogenic diet metformin hyperbaric oxygen therapy one of my students did vitamin c for her undergraduate honors thesis which was pretty nice data then she went to oxford and did a master's there and now she's at the moffitt cancer center just right across the street doing some some nice work but i kind of wanted her to come and do her phd on vitamin c so maybe i'll revisit that project too and because intravenous vitamin c very interesting to me because vitamin c in millimolar concentrations becomes a pro-oxidant so you can drive the fenton reaction and actually you know enhance oxidative stress in tumors by delivering vitamin c also uses the same transporter as glucose so it becomes a glucose antagonist if you get vitamin c up very high it blocks glucose transport and that can be beneficial to two cancer cells that are need a high amount of glucose so uh yeah so it we are very interested in combining many of these approaches to develop a comprehensive non-toxic metabolic based therapy for cancer i mean this is sort of a big motivation of myself and the entire lab many people come to my lab because they're very interested in testing these uh uh drug therapies like metformin dca to deoxyglucose but also like these these dietary therapies too and more integrative uh i don't like to use the word alternative but integrative approaches like iv vitamin c you know i had a student that's interested in egcg and turmeric and curcumin and i think there's there's a rationale for looking at these things too and we want to do that we're going to start looking at these compounds i wonder if a lot of these compounds say metformin for example have benefits once you already have cancer versus actually preventing cancer like if you if i'm just a healthy person i'm not is is there any data that metformin can prevent cancer versus like if i have cancer that maybe it will suppress the tumor a little more yeah some of the most compelling data came out on people with type 2 diabetes so if you have type 2 diabetes and you were using metformin over the for a protracted period of time if you go back retrospectively and look at the data in particular i remember uh pancreatic cancer something like 60 you know decrease in the likelihood of getting pancreatic cancer in if you have type 2 diabetes you know you are at a much higher risk of getting uh like liver cancer gallbladder cancer pancreatic cancer for women endometrial cancer i think you know uh stomach cancer things like that so but in in type 2 diabetic patients that were using metformin their likelihood of getting pancreatic cancer was significantly reduced it was more than 50 i think maybe like 60 percent so um so that data i remember that was some of the data that got me interested in actually studying metformin and uh and other compounds so i think two deoxy oxyglucose 3-bromopyruvate which inhibits hexakinase 2 is something very interesting although the whole story behind that's a little bit there's an interesting story behind that and dr dr co at johns hopkins did a lot of spearhead a lot of very interesting research behind that it's a molecule that needs to be delivered in a very precise way to avert the liver toxicity that could be associated with that but it's a very powerful anti-cancer therapy that if we harness that and maybe couple it with other other modalities it could be very effective okay well a couple of last questions on ketogenic diets um what is the connection between ketogenic diets and helping with alzheimer's disease or even with people who have uh an apoe4 carrier good question uh so there was some research showing that mct oil it was a compound that xera made it was called ac 1202 that actually kind of got me interested in mct's then this compound was used in in some subjects that had mild cognitive impairment or early alzheimer's alzheimer's disease onset alzheimer's disease and the the benefit was dependent upon the elevation of ketones but not in subjects that were a apoe4 positive right so uh so the a-por apo e4 positive subjects were but it was a very small trial but i think later i think in a bigger study if you were to look at this i don't think that would be the case so um i'm kind of going out on a limb on that but i think there was work uh a number of studies that have been done by different investigators including dr stephen kunin you might want to have him on he did studies looking at brain energy metabolism looking at you know a glucose pet scan and then a ketone pet scan and for subjects that had mild cognitive impairment over time you see glucose hypo metabolism is a hallmark characteristic of alzheimer's disease or even cognitive impairment it's been termed type 3 diabetes by some this is generally accepted and it's not really known why does the the metabolic impairment lead to you know formation of the amyloid and tau plaques over time is it the what came first the chicken or the egg kind of scenario right so i do think with alzheimer's disease there's a metabolic phenotype meaning that for people who have alzheimer's disease and have this metabolic phenotype they are very responsive to a metabolic intervention meaning you know an elevate an elevation of ketone bodies delivered with a ketogenic diet or a ketone ester can produce remarkable improvements in cognitive function reaction time brain energy metabolism that sort of thing so i would say that steve newport who is the husband of dr mary newport she wrote a book about alzheimer's disease and ketones and really highlighting the work of the late dr richard veach who developed one of the first ketone esters which was actually used in a case report that was published and he was the subject of that and i had the opportunity to meet you know steve newport when he was still alive and with mary and i i witnessed him consume mct oil and he became more animated his tremors stopped he was starting to get tremors at the time he had pretty advanced alzheimer's disease at the time so this was like 2008 or nine and it was it was one of the things that actually motivated me at a very gut level that this is something you know this person had was not speaking and he had tremors he just consumed this oil that was in a little vial and in 15 minutes he became talkative and his and his uh tremors stopped so and he was not really following he was doing a low carb diet but he was not really on a ketogenic diet so what he consumed was coconut oil and mct oil it's like 30 or 40 milliliters and i remember this because dr mary newport came to me and she was a guest speaker at the college of aging for this class i was teaching so i invited her i was like hey do you want to speak too about your observations and then we went out to eat and then i witnessed this and then i started reading more and talking with her and this actually influenced the trajectory of my career and i started i became more interested in studying ketogenic diet not only for seizures but we actually got a project started up at the bird alzheimer's center at university of south florida which was funded by the alzheimer's association it was a mouse study and they also funded a human clinical trial with coconut oil and mct oil but it was hard to recruit subjects for that trial because they realized that they could just go to the nutrition store and buy mct oil or coconut oil and not have the problem of of uh having a placebo you know and it was like well if it's working you know the subjects don't want to be consuming a placebo they could just go it wasn't like a drug you know they could go to the store so it was difficult to recruit for that trial i feel like the center really didn't market and try to recruit for it so i don't know that's another whole story there was there's kind of a big push for drug research but uh but long story short yeah so with alzheimer's disease i do think that many glucose hypometabolism is a hallmark and quite a few patients will respond positively to a metabolic intervention and if you are apoe4 positive the important thing is a ketogenic diet may not be totally optimal i think a low carb diet that's rich in phytonutrients you know uh i'm a big fan of coffee green tea turmeric kale parsley cocoa you know walnuts all these things you know and and some of these things are not ketogenic but having a good balanced healthy diet and then with ketone supplementation and omega-3s and maybe some supplements like alpha gpc and you know uh different brain boosting nootropic supplements may offer some advantage too so uh even different mushroom compounds like lion's mane uh could be helpful uh there's a company called uh first person that i'm a big fan of and they create different uh mushroom based compounds that are kind of nootropic too and i think i think there's a lot of emerging evidence for some of these compounds and you think these could be preventative as well yeah yeah i think the science is not there yet but i do think that anything that keeps your heart and metabolic health you know optimized is going to help your brain so we know that so blood pressure glucose you know inflammation like you know focus on that and then your brain it'll pay big dividends for your brain later on but and then physical exercise but also training your brain like actually doing mental exercises reading not talked about much but social engagement you know actually building healthy relationships social interaction things like that my wife's a big fan of dancing and she thinks that like you know we have friends that have a a tango studio and they actually observe that parkinson's disease patients when put in that atmosphere and they dance it's like very therapeutic and it's like so that's an interesting area of research so you have music which is like cognitive stimulation and it like changes your whole state elevates dopamine and then your dancing which is physical movement and then you have social interaction stuff too and the more i think about it the more i was like let's design a study where we give people ketones and then they can dance and do these complicated dance routines to music and then you have social interactions i'm thinking that would be cool i i had this idea a few years ago as well where you know what if we did uh combine say exercise with music and maybe some sort of social interaction for just mental health or mental disorders or even mild forms of depression i honestly think it could have such a good effect instead of taking medication for a lot of people yeah i'm totally a fan of doing all that and even doing it like outside in the sun right with animals so animals like we have basically come to your farm yeah yeah we have uh we have cat we have brahmin cows which are like the best cows right it says like the holy cow yeah and these are like amazing animals that you don't do any you just give them a nice field with grass and treat them well but we have them trained so they're just like pets and uh for my way if it's very therapeutic for her and i i'll have to say that i could take a break during work and go out and just hang out with the cows and it's very calming so they're just amazing animals so yeah i think there's a lot of under utilized resources and ideas that i think we can implement for brain health and therapies for people yeah one last question keto and exercise i mean you clearly you i think left a lot you exercise a lot you mentioned i know once you've mentioned you did like a 500 pound deadlift after seven days of fasting um so it's clearly possible but is it um optimal for people to be on a ketogenic when they are exercising heavily or is yeah well is the ketogenic diet optimal for so to get around not to be like try to avert the question but i think for a large majority of people who are many people exercise to lose weight right so i think you'll have more favorable body composition alterations with exercise if you do a modified form of a ketogenic diet you'll just get results faster and they don't if your protein is adequate and sufficient you're not going to risk muscle loss if you get your protein in and you don't have to go crazy with protein but i think you do need to get it up to a certain level about you know 1.2 to 1.5 grams per kilogram to really keep your muscle on and uh you know if you're vegetarian that's not hard if you can get eggs in and if you're vegan if you want to you know that that's another whole thing and that's uh you really need to think about combining you know different plant sources but we do have plant proteins on the market that could be helpful for that didn't mean to go down like the whole plant-based thing but uh but i do think a ketogenic diet uh can be used and whether it's optimal i'm in contact with professional athletes you know that are using this from football players to you know hockey players and baseball players and things like that that are using a ketogenic diet so i know it's i know it's possible did you learn high level yeah but how long does it take your body to adapt to it because i know from just my personal experience when i initially started the ketogenic diet it took me maybe at least two months or so to get back get my performance back to where i was before the ketogenic diet so can athletes afford it if it if there's an adaptation period yeah that's the feedback is about two or three months but i tell you i think you know over the course of a year you're still getting adaptations and oh right the more you do it and the more you follow it the the more the more benefits you'll derive and the more adaptations that you'll get from it so i think you know you kind of like many things in life you get out of it what you put into it and the more time and effort and there's a learning curve to doing the diet and tracking it and ensuring that you're actually in ketosis i know there was for me and i felt like i know more than most people about it but there's still quite a bit of a learning curve to do it right yeah no absolutely all right what else uh questions that i haven't covered asked you other areas of research that you're excited about i know we covered a few that your labs lab is exploring but maybe something else we haven't touched upon and you know you're quite excited yeah you know i'm very interested in this idea of an endogenous metabolite beta hydroxybutyrate or maybe acetoacetate two being a being a therapeutic and being able to consume this as a supplement or a compound that can dose dependently elevate this endogenous metabolite to trigger signaling effects that could be anti-inflammatory processes or what we're really focusing on now is like neuro regenerative neuroprotective things and epigenetic things so we're looking at epigenetic pathways so we're in the process of now of you know developing methods for histone extraction you know uh looking at histone modifications looking at you know re-regulating histone modifications improving gene expression patterns increasing double corten and neurogenesis like we have animal models where we're looking at that so and then you know we're doing behavioral studies where we're looking at increasing and enhancing learning capacity you know uh learning memory but also improving like behavior like uh anxiety behaviors and things like that reversing that so i'm pretty excited about that and also the expanding field of metabolic psychiatry so before we go into our metabolic health summit which is coming up in about a month we have a conference that's happening just prior to that with some key investigators that are studying the effects of ketogenic diet on psychiatric conditions and it includes like depression anxiety and bipolar disorder where the ketogenic diet appears to be very efficacious in helping patients this had been reported and actually being studied by a number of key people one of them is from stanford that dr chavalny will be from stanford is kind of investigating this and several nih-funded investigators will be coming together to talk about this so i'm very excited about the the future of nutrition as a metabolic intervention that can help with psychiatric disorders too what's interesting in the case of like bipolar disorder is that the go-to treatments are actually anti-seizure drugs many anti-seizure drugs are actually used as medication to help manage the manic phase of bipolar disorder so it kind of makes sense that you know ketogenic therapies can help to manage patients that have bipolar and dr chris palmer was a speaker uh at our event and we'll be a speaker uh this year too and he's at harvard and he's had a number of patients that he has helped and i became aware of his work and i think i would like to bring more attention to this uh idea of improving uh mental health and and actually treating psychiatric conditions with oh that's that actually is a really exciting idea and field because i i wonder if it's if it's just so many things happening right maybe your brain is just calmer but also maybe if you're just cutting out the processed food and sugar you might just feel better you're more active i that's i i do hope yeah it becomes it's part of it i mean we know from epilepsy that you're changing the neuropharmacology of your brain whether dopamine and serotonin are involved i don't know we haven't looked into that but adenosine is definitely elevated like two or three fold higher and then gaba to glutamate ratio gaba is significantly elevated relative to glutamate so i think gaba can have a calming effect you know anxiolytic effect uh this is this is like without question we see that i measured my own neurotransmitters and saw that too i wanted to make sure mouse data was uh was happening in myself too uh so so yeah i think that's kind of on the horizon and it's it's an area of research that i'm very excited to be part of uh the use of nutrition uh to impact metabolic psychiatry this whole field i think will advance quite a bit in the next couple years and uh this just i just thought of this and maybe there's no study or you don't know about this but could you maybe combine say psychedelic research with ketogenic research and ketogenic endogenous exogenous ketones like do you think that would help as well yeah you know i'm i in the past i'm kind of hesitant to talk about psychedelic research but the more i connect with people that are using some of these you know mushroom compounds the more i'm starting to get very interested in it and i would encourage people to go to the website first person and they're developing for right now it's like compounds that can be used as nootropic from lion's mane to rishi to shaga and you know different things cordyceps mushrooms uh but i know they're working to advance this idea of developing a particular strain of psilocybin for microdosing and micro dosing compounds for mental health for depression for anxiety the the people behind it actually brought to my attention they had a father that their father was suffering from alzheimer's disease and in the later stages they had given him uh i i hope it's okay to make this public but they had given him some psilocybin and they saw remarkable effects he became animated he could do things that he otherwise couldn't do and i thought well that's that information should get out and i think that motivated them to sort of start the company i think initially it was called leo wellness but now it's first person uh i think it's like they're it's a get first person maybe the website but if you google search it you'll find it and they have developed some very interesting formulations uh that can be consumed in the morning to enhance like dopamine in the later you know mid part of the day for serotonin then at night time to help you know with sleeping or calming you down and then i know they are working to advance this idea of developing a micro dose formulation that can be used by the general public but would have major implications for getting people off some of the ssris and other drugs that are often prescribed or overprescribed i do think this is a very rich area of research i was generally hesitant to get involved with some of these companies but then i saw the nih was sponsoring workshops and encouraging investigators to actually do this kind of research it's like you know my university would like steer professors away from anything like cbd related and then then it was like then they're sending emails to be like you should be submitting grants to to do cbd research so it's like you know the attitudes have changed over time and i think that we're getting to a point where academic universities will start encouraging their faculty to sort of get involved in this research if federal dollars become available of course it's usually how it works and i'm excited to get into this research just because i've communicated with people that have used these natural compounds that you know they're found in nature that seem to be remarkably beneficial and therapeutic for certain disorders all right well yeah i think that's another thing on the horizon and uh hopefully you know in the not so distant future you know we can i can start doing some research in this in the lab some basic science research which our lab is very much about moving the science to human application but for me as a basic science researcher i like to see the effects like in model systems and then develop implementation protocols that can be applied to humans so that's kind of what what motivates me a lot to mechanistically understand how it's working before i apply it but in the meantime sometimes i apply it to myself before i actually it's kind of been the story of my well fantastic i love to get you back to talk about all the upcoming research from your lab but thank you so much for your time it's been wonderful thanks for having me i appreciate it oh and if people want to learn more about what we're doing yeah i'm going to plug my website ketonutrition.org so you can go we don't sell anything it's just an information website for now so i encourage people to look at the blog because i go into more in depth about many of the things i talked about here and i'll definitely link to it as well so uh definitely it was helpful when i was starting my keto journey so thank you hi again everyone thank you so much for listening and i hope you enjoyed the episode if you want to support the creation of the podcast consider sharing it leaving a review on apple podcast or signing up to be a premium member and receive transcripts you can also donate on patreon which is patreon.com forward slash live longer world and connect with me on twitter where my handle is live longer world lastly all information and resources can be found at livelongerworld.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @KirstiCheetahh [6 likes]: I eat keto, mostly animal based, OMAD early in the evening.   I play tennis fasted, bike rides fasted.   Ketosis gives me huge energy.   I am getting stronger, gaining muscles!    53, in peri menopause.    Keto and IF have cured my fibromyalgia.    I do keto and IF for health and feeling great, not for losing weight (my BMI is at 18.5 all my life).
  2. @peterz53 [2 likes]: Your comments on benefist of exercise are greatly supported by science - example would be Dr. Wendy Suzuki's work.  Also Shane O'Mara as a big advocate of walking.  Both are neuroscientists.   Then there's older work by Mark Mattson on both exercise and daily fasiting (TRE).  I exericse in the morning like Dr. Wendy, and it makes a big difference in how I feel (mcuh better) and how clearly I think.  Also do TRE with first food around noon, and I feel this adds to my mental clarity first part of the day.
  3. @michael.abosaid5252 [1 likes]: They both showed up to a keto interview wearing Dr. Pepper uniforms.
  4. @barneyb70 [1 likes]: We have found ur many videos on YouTube most helpful in understanding ketones. Sylvia had ketone flu and took wk to recover but did not effect me. Having type 2 diabetes and on metformin for years and  now in our 80s..am most interested in what I can do with adding exogenous ketones like MCT oil and salts to our TRE diet. We began that about 4 yrs ago and if has been a  life changer for us. I am retired gastroenterologist...We live in SWFL and would like to find a online clinics to help advise us in our wholeness health adventures. Your teaching is excellent.
  5. @illegalplants: bring Dom back on the pod!
  6. @denisse4817: Loved it.
  7. @kiemtruong6903: Dr. Agustino; you almost lost all of your credibility when you said you took NAD or NMN and Resveratrol supplements
  8. @redbrick9634: Skeptical. If you're on a ketogenic diet, you should be making plenty of ketones without a ketone supplement.
  9. @littlevoice_11: What brand of keto greens powder does Dominic recommend?
  10. @CBTcounsellor: do you think by improving diet , you could live longer? whats the use of living 120, 130? why not we aim for immortaility on stronger note?  our diets cant make us eternal.. it can just increase 20, 30 maybe 40years, thats the fcking human limit, add on  tons of other frictions like diseases, viruses

- #23 - Dr. Dominic D'Agostino | Ketogenic Diet for Brain Health and Longevity (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en i actually feel that it's probably not optimal to be on a ketogenic diet all the time i follow a modified version of it that's you know very rich and plant-based you know fiber and things like that so for the average person there are definitely benefits of intermittent ketosis and and i think the advantage of going into ketosis occasionally is that it promotes metabolic flexibility and opens up and really pushes your body to be more fat adapted hi everyone welcome to live longer world i am your host astha and in this podcast i speak with longevity scientists working to slow and reverse aging to find all podcast episodes and other resources go to my website livelongerworld.com to find the link to the show notes for this episode check out the description below i have a very special guest today dr dom d agastino who needs no introduction in the world of ketogenic diets but here's a super brief one he is an associate professor with his research focusing on metabolic-based therapies ketogenic diets ketogenic supplements and other metabolic-based drugs make sure to check out his website ketonutrition.org where he educates people like us and other consumers on his research okay now let's dive into the episode hi dom and welcome to the leblanc world podcast great to be here thank you for having me so firstly i want to thank you because you're a huge part of the reason i started practicing ketogenic diets myself and this was about two years ago now i do mostly a modified atkins sort of diet i think similar to what you do because i incorporate a lot of vegetables especially christopher's vegetables in my diet but i feel so good i absolutely love the diet i love the brain clarity benefits and just overall energy and lightness so thank you for spreading the word on it great well yeah thank you for listening to you know whatever information you heard or read or whatever and uh advancing sort of the the message behind here i think not a ketogenic diet is not for everybody but i think uh it is important to reduce the amount of sugar and processed carbohydrates that we're consuming and uh i'm actually a fan of a higher plant-based you know higher veggie incorporating veggies into the diet actually the the first part the first blog that i ever did on keto nutrition if you go way back the title of it is implementing a plant-based ketogenic diet because i get so many questions about that and uh i personally felt that there was a lot of benefits that people can derive by maybe reducing meat and incorporating more plants and that so i actually i made that the blog the first blog that kicked off our our uh website you know blog that was the first blog ever so way back it was like four or five years ago yeah yeah and that's certainly possible i mean i'm i'm vegetarian actually i don't eat any meat so it's totally possible and we'll dive all into that and a bunch of questions that you get asked on it but i think i want to start with just the history of ketogenic diets because most people you know they may have heard of keto and it's a popular diet it's often synonymous with just a weight loss diet but i think people don't realize that you know it actually started um as research for neurodegenerative diseases or for neuroprotective against seizures and epilepsy and a huge part of your research is focused on that in fact so maybe you can touch a bit about the connection between uh ketogenic diets and protecting the brain against uh neurological disorders yeah thanks for uh yeah bringing that the history is really important and i didn't i went i was in a dietetics program uh at rutgers university for my undergrad and later majored in in bio2 but uh during my training in nutrition science and dietetics uh we didn't really talk about the ketogenic diet just that it was a bad thing to do to even think about we didn't talk about the clinical use of it uh we did talk about protein sparing modified fats and how people died from doing you know this zero carb you know high protein diet which was just basically drinking collagen they became protein deficient that's kind of another story but the ketogenic diet has its roots at the mayo clinic and it is the 100 year anniversary of the ketogenic diet actually and i just oh we just got our uh our book which kind of commemorates that uh with some of the leaders at johns hopkins dr eric kossoff uh as part part of this dr john rowe who is at barrow neurological institute he's at ucsd now they were they got me interested in the ketogenic diet uh dr eric kossoff's mentor was the late john freeman who really advanced the use of the ketogenic diet and pediatric epilepsy at johns hopkins uh prior to that work was done way back in the 1920s to at the mayo clinic and they designed a diet that was very high in fat up to over 90 fat and the idea was to mimic fasting because we knew through centuries or millennia that fasting was a way to control seizures and if you fasted you had the presence of these uh things in the in the blood in urine called ketone bodies and uh one way to mimic the metabolic physiology that would be associated with being in the state of ketosis was to restrict protein many people don't know the ketogenic diet is a protein restricted diet so to restrict protein and carbohydrates probably the most important uh part of being in ketosis but it's protein restricted and it's just primarily fat the protein is you know titrated to prevent protein malnutrition and uh it's it's low enough to prevent gluconeogenesis so by eating very high fat adequate protein and essentially zero carbohydrates if you were to draw blood off a person eating this diet it would look like they're fasting so insulin would be very low igf-1 would be low mtor things associated with longevity and we could talk about that uh activates it increases nad plus levels too which is kind of interesting um but it elevates beta hydroxybutyrate acetoacetate and also with spontaneous decarboxylation you get breath acetone like a fruity smell and it was the the physiological state of being in aesthetic ketosis which had the anti-seizure effect and uh prior to anti-seizure drugs this was the standard of care for epilepsy and other seizure disorders and then drugs came along in the late 50s and 60s and 70s and largely replaced the and then there was a resurgent in a resurgence in 1996 i believe and it was spearheaded by dr ernet by jim abrams and he was working with dr john um john freeman and his son charlie was put on a ketogenic diet and jim i know jim well and and he had connections in hollywood and meryl streep did a movie about the ketogenic diet called first do no harm and it was on a show that i watched back when i was in college actually studying nutrition at the time uh called dateline nbc and maybe it's still on it was on the nbc network and uh and i found it kind of interesting but it didn't appeal to me so much that i wanted to look into it further but the ketogenic diet was used as uh it was the only thing that worked for charlie to control the seizures and he was on many seizure medications he got off the medication started a diet and it like cured its seizures and what was interesting to me and is that when you go on anti-seizure medication and then go off of the medication you get rebound seizures whereas with a ketogenic diet charlie was on the diet and then came off of it and never got seizures again so it cured his diet there was about 15 of people are super responders which means they have rapid and permanent uh loss of seizures they never get seizures so they have to follow the diet for a period of time and then after a period of time where they don't have seizures they come off of it gradually and then they never have seizures again and then the etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown and it's caused by a variety of different things some people go through puberty and have seizures and there's many different reasons why people have seizures but uh the ketogenic diet tends to work for many different seizure types independent of the etiology so you can have you know absence seizures or temporal lobe seizures and you know tonic clonic what we call ground male seizures lennox gastow syndrome gervais syndrome rhett syndrome like there's a variety of and we study oxygen toxicity seizures which are like super powerful ton of chronic seizures and then you know jumping fast forwarding we tried it for that and it was a remarkably effective for that so i became very interested scientifically as to the mechanism like how how are ketones how are being in a state of therapeutic ketosis how does it have a neuroprotective effect and that um i got talked into this area of research when i was studying drugs and then transitioned to more dietary or supplement we developed exogenous ketones too to do that and that was about 2008 or 9 and that changed the trajectory of my career from drug based research to more nutrition and supplement research well that's exactly what what i was going to ask you next what is the mechanism by which these ketone bodies might be anti-seizure or she's a seizure protective yeah that's an area of intense investigation and the thick book that i just showed you there's many chapters in there from top tier researchers at you know ivy league at harvard and yale and duke and johns hopkins and mayo clinic that have written chapters about the mechanism um what the belief is that the well the general consensus now it wasn't maybe back when i started studying this but it's very clear that it's multifactorial so the ketogenic diet works through many mechanisms working in synergy and it tends to work when ketogenic or when anti-epileptic drugs fail and even multiple drugs they may work in the beginning but they they fail many drugs fail about a third of the patients are completely drug refractory and you can put them on a ketogenic diet and more than two-thirds of them respond very favorably and some of them respond remarkably well super responders so we kind of had the understanding that is working through a mechanism independent of what any drug was working through so what we study in our lab is variety of different mechanisms we look at the the thing that got my attention was a reduction and i saw this in uh in cultured neurons hippocampal neurons and cortex neurons and also in hippocampal brain slices which i i did my phd as a patch clamp electrophysiologist maybe people listening to this may not know what patch clamping is but it's uh you take an electrode and you uh it's a microelectrode and you can basically seal onto a neuron in the brain or in culture and you create like a giga ohm seal and then it's kind of it's more of a biophysics technique and then you can measure action potentials and and membrane potential and firing frequency and determine what channels are being activated and things like that so uh doing a variety of techniques we demonstrated that reactive oxygen species uh go down in particular superoxide anion and i was using a method using dihydroethydium to to measure that and it was a remarkable reduction in um and in neurons in culture we could throw a variety of different toxins at them including high pressure oxygen and oxygen is toxic at a certain level and then the neurons seem to maintain their membrane potential and firing frequency there was a a a pretty sharp reduction in oxygen free radicals when in the presence of ketones beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate and i thought this was very important and um and very relevant to the work i was doing in oxygen toxicity seizures which is the limitation for navy seal divers also for hyperbaric oxygen it limits hyperbaric oxygen so uh and it was doing it through a way by enhancing mitochondrial function so if you give a metabolic fuel neurons can run off glucose or run off ketones if you're fasting and maybe lactate too so definitely lactate but but generally speaking then your brain runs off glucose like 100 on a standard american diet and then if you stop eating today by this time next week your brain would be using about sixty percent of its cerebral energy metabolism will be derived from beta hydroxybutyrate and seoul acetate so the ketone bodies in circulation and uh and this seems to provide an energetic advantage to the brain under some circumstances in particular seizures and in the presence of of toxins so like oxygen or i was using like glutamate and various things to cause oxidative stress and excitotoxicity and uh so i became very interested in in ketones as a neuroprotective compound an anti-seizure compound so the work in cell cultures got me to write different grants and then convinced the department of defense to study this in a rap model and uh and in a rap model the the the use of previous work by the military did fasting for but you can't get navy seals to fast for days prior to going into a mission so the idea was to mimic the metabolic physiology of fasting by administering a ketogenic compound and and in our case we administered a ketogenic compound 30 minutes prior to a simulation of a high pressure oxygen exposure and in this case it had a remarkable effect at delaying the latency the seizure which we actually do we measure eeg we met diaphragmatic emg and we have you know body temperature we measure many different variables under these conditions in addition to having a video camera system set up to show the behavioral seizures and under these conditions it it was far more effective than any anti-convulsant drug that was ever tried you know by administering these these not all compounds so the first ones we tested didn't have any effect and i started to lose enthusiasm and then we we developed and tested a compound that elevated beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate in a one to one ratio and we can talk about the redox effect that this had and uh and it seemed most important not to elevate beta hydroxybutyrate but to elevate beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate sort of in a certain ratio and uh and it was not totally clear at the time and it's still not totally clear why that's the case but uh experimentally we saw this in different you know animal models my colleagues were sending me papers and you know so i worked with a doctor or a professor at case western dr andrei bernie grabber who chaired the nih-sponsored metabolomics core at case western and he gave me the recipe more or less to synthesize a ketone ester a particular ketone ester that ended up being very efficacious in this animal model of oxygen toxicity and then later we use this particular ketone ester in a variety of different disease states including cancer including angelman syndrome other types of seizure disorders and then we developed ketone electrolyte salts which are the ketone body beta hydroxybutyrate which has interesting effects it's certain activation bdnf and things like that that we're studying but beta hydroxybutyrate bound to like sodium potassium magnesium so an electrolyte that you can consume that tastes good so that was big uh advancement and actually you can elevate ketones and with something that actually tastes good and delivers electrolytes too which are kind of important under some circumstances so like these are the things that i consume on a daily basis and that are commercially available now and then we're using them in similar studies and getting very interesting results with these compounds so uh i mean we have a library of like 60 or 70 different compounds so there's a variety of different ketogenic agents that you can develop including things that are fats like medium chain triglycerides are a type of fat that you can consume and then they go to the liver via hepatic portal circulation they're not packaged into kylo microns like long chain fats and then through beta oxidation in the liver it uh it generates uh acetyl a a lot of acetyl coa and this condenses to osteoacetate and then you form it stimulates the ketogenesis process so you can sort of naturally coax your body into producing ketones through these ketogenic fats and what we find when we combine exogenous ketones with these ketogenic fats it seems to further augment the therapeutic efficacy of these compounds so so there becomes an interesting you know experiments of formulating different compounds for different disorders so we're really in the process of that and then my phd student i just finished a long meeting with her and she's extracting histones and we're looking at you know you know dna methylation and then histone modifications that are driven by a beta hydroxybutyrate so beta hydroxybutyrate can affect histone deacetylase enzymes but beta-hydroxybutyrate can also directly interact with histones through a process called beta-hydroxybutyrolation and similar something happens similar with lactate but the beta-hydroxybutyrate can directly interact with the histone and cause modifications that have a favorable effect in the disease processes that we're studying now that's fascinating loads going on well one question i think that comes up commonly is that okay sure it can be protective against people who have epilepsy for example but if for someone who's healthy you know it's like anyone who's practiced the ketogenic diet they know the mental clarity benefits that you get but people have this notion that you shouldn't somehow be doing this on a consistent long-term basis for example when i told my friend who was a doctor that i'd be practicing this she said no no your brain absolutely needs glucose to run it can't survive without it so you shouldn't be doing this for maybe after your experimentation is done so what research do you have on you know it could possibly be beneficial uh for healthy people as well the in terms of the ketone bodies for the brain specifically yeah i you know even in in the in this book here and in the book by the hopkins group um i think like even in the the introduction it says the ketogenic diet is not a natural diet it's an unnatural state and it shouldn't be followed and it should be thought of as a medical therapy it's a very calculated diet it's the only diet that we know of that's defined by an objective biomarker that you can measure right so like there's like carnivore diet paleo diet all these diets but the ketogenic diet is a very scientific diet a lot of research behind it to achieve therapeutic ketosis involves a pretty significant rearrangement of the macronutrient ratios so the classical ketogenic diet being like upwards of like 85 to 90 percent fat and then just enough protein to prevent malnutrition and essentially zero carbohydrates then you have modified versions of the ketogenic diet one can and i actually feel that it's probably not optimal to be on a ketogenic diet all the time i follow a modified version of it that's you know very rich and plant-based you know fiber and things like that to be more fat adapted over time and we don't i a lot of people use this term very loosely and it's very kind of nebulous and unclear to many people actually what this is uh but i mean yeah you can res you can measure your respiratory quotient and measure fat oxidation you know relative to carbohydrate oxidation and achieve that but i would i would say it's very unnatural to follow a standard american diet and never enter a state of ketosis so you know our history we had very limited food availability so it would probably go through periods of fasting but also very limited availability of carbohydrates especially sugar and processed carbohydrates no one would debate that but it but i think with the combination of limited carbohydrates availability and limited food availability overall one could make the statement that it would be very unnatural to not go in a state of ketosis periodically even throughout a time frame of one month so so something like like a fasting mimicking diet advanced by dr walter longo uh that you know i kind of choose to fast maybe three days every couple months and that gets you into deep ketosis where your ketone levels are above or beyond your glucose levels and when you achieve this and you measure you try to measure insulin it's almost non-detectable igf-1 goes down you're probably activating a lot of autophagy although i mean we're doing this in mice looking at lc3 and other things and i think if you look at the mouse data and you achieve a glucose ketone index of one where glucose bottoms out and then ketones in milli molar concentration get it get up to like three millimolar and a mouse glucose is like six or seven and that drops down to three and then you you know take a sample of the muscle or liver then you have signs of autophagy so you know whether that translates to humans i don't know i don't want to go on the record of saying that because we need to do these studies but uh but you know i'm willing to start doing this before the human studies are done and occasionally do a three-day fast uh after about 48 hours then you really dig in to start liberating a lot of fat and you start getting into ketosis and then insulin becomes very low so uh and i think that could be that can offer you know longevity advantages and no doubt there are like dr walter longo has kind of demonstrated his studies doing a a fasting mimicking diet you can do that and then you have benefits that last for weeks you know after just doing this for five days and similarly i think if you do like a three-day fast i think you can get benefits for months even after that sounds a little bit far-fetched but i'm starting to believe this now and i think it's a good exercise for your psychology i think it gives you a sense of control i think it changes your relationship with food and i think that's a whole other story that we can talk about but uh but i think it's multifactorial the benefits you can derive from fasting periodically i couldn't agree more i've tried them a few times and had the same experience so on the point of i guess doing it more intermittently i think dr eric werdin also had a study where he did this cyclic ketogenic diet and mice i think it was one week on one week off um and it improved memory or something in old mice um do we know whether you know it might be better to just you know eat regularly healthy what you're doing and do say a three-day fast and get into deep ketosis versus if i don't do this three-day fast and i'm just in doing a modified keto diet the whole time do we have any research on what the the pros and cons of that would be not human research no we're kind of interested in your hypotheses yeah uh well i mean if you're asking like what the optimal diet is that's very individual depends on many different factors right and we have to take measurements right what what gets measured gets managed so there are many biomarkers we can talk you know we can talk about that but uh generally speaking like a lower carbohydrate diet 100 grams or lower i think of it as the cornerstone of a diet is protein now protein can be sort of work against you from a longevity perspective but and that needs to be moderated uh but if you control for calories i think a more moderate to higher protein is probably okay as long as your calories are not not not like you're getting surplus amount of calories excess protein so adequate protein to ensure you know muscle and repair and then a lot of healthy fats uh monounsaturated fatty acids omega-3s mcts things like that and then i think of carbohydrates in the form of fiber like cruciferous vegetables uh some berries i have dark chocolate every day and you know it's that but it's all moderate you can do like 50 to 100 grams of carbs a day and actually get into a state of ketosis and then periodically unless you're using ketogenic diet to manage a chronic condition and there's a variety of conditions that are responsive to a ketogenic diet but i think it also comes down to calories and even you know many of the benefits of a ketogenic diet for weight loss type 2 diabetes and things like that really come down to caloric state and a lot of people don't want to hear this but uh but you know from weight loss perspective there's nothing magical about the ketogenic diet from reducing hyperglycemia there's really nothing magical i think you can you can reduce insulin and glucose with a diet that's high in carbohydrates you know be beneficial if you had higher fiber uh and and it would probably be similar to a ketogenic diet but there are benefits to a ketogenic diet on glycemic variability i mean i see this i wear a continuous glucose monitor and independent of calories there's less glycemic fluctuations and i think that could be beneficial uh for appetite control and and insulin stays a bit lower at least postprandially you know uh with that so you know i think i'm i'm not really answering your question but i'm just giving you some some ideas if people are looking for like that optimal diet and if the ketogenic diet is right for them uh i i encourage people to try one one thing that i encourage people to do is to track and you can there's three different ketone bodies there's blood uh i mean there's beta hydroxybutyrate acetoacetate and acetone and that's measured in blood urine and breath respectively so the abbott precision extra or keto mojo device is good for blood uh there's a variety of keto sticks in siemens multistick sg i think we use it also measures like you know ph and specific gravity and things like that and then there's a breath ketone meter that i use there's a variety on the market uh the biosense device is more of like use clinically fda approved device it measures breath acetone and breath acetone is a very good correlate of fat oxidation and seems to be i was interested in breath acetone because it correlates very well with seizure control so when parents have a child or someone has epilepsy i actually tend to only over the last couple years did i or am i recommending breath acetone now because if acetone is elevated you're definitely in a state of ketosis the devices are now very quantitative you don't have to prick your finger you can measure many times throughout the day and you can blow in as many times as you want and it measures it and uh and it's very accurate so um so these devices are it's kind of like my preferred way of measuring ketosis okay amazing well i want to talk a bit about ketogenic diets for longevity and you already mentioned that you see some of the benefits say that mimic fasting or even enter inhibition that you mentioned um one question there is that do you see these benefits even without being calorically restricted is it something about the ketone bodies itself that's perhaps causing um say inhibition of mtar and other benefits that you see for for epilepsy and for seizures and nerve protection and cancer and things like yes so it's a it took me a while to really believe that though you know because my entrance into this the ketogenic diet was actually following the caloric restriction data mark madsen's work comes to mind uh you know i was researching fasting calorie restriction and then i got turned on to the ketogenic diet and i was like well all these benefits are probably coming through caloric restriction and some of them undoubtedly are especially you know weight loss uh it has to be i think atkins used to promote weight loss without having to count calories it's all the magic of the diet does it but no you are inadvertently whether you're trying to do it or not you're inadvertently producing it a calorie deficit when you follow ketogenic diet because probably because it's pretty it's hyper satiating and hypo palatable right so the protein and the fat tend to have a satiating effect on our brains and then it's not the hedonic response that we get from fat and sugar together causes us to eat more so we tend to get surplus semantic calories and that's virtually abolished with the ketogenic diet so but for epilepsy the ketogenic diet works better if it's calorie restricted but does not need to be calorie restricted so with kids actually you can bump up the calories on a kitchen diet to get them to gain weight and you still have pretty good seizure control for that but uh in some kids though you get less seizure control if you are if the calories get too high so and and then also if you get surplus amount of calories with such a high fat diet triglycerides go up and you don't you don't want that so so generally you you just titrate the the calories to meet the calorie needs and just try to prevent growth restriction with kids but with adults you know you can get calories you can get seizure control without with a eu caloric diet you know without without weight loss now with cancer my colleague dr thomas seyfried was very adamant that the ketogenic diet need to be calorie restricted to to really suppress igf-1 mtor you know activate ant kinase and really drive down the insulin induced you know signaling uh glycolysis we started doing some research and calorie restriction is kind of difficult with mice because you have to individually house them and then you give them the little five to six grams of food and then they eat it within an hour and then they fast for 23 hours and they eat it and then even so it becomes more like cow you know it becomes more like time restricted feeding so we just gave the ketogenic diet unrestricted and i developed a ketogenic diet you know that was a little bit more favorable it was had like flaxseed oil mct oil and some other you know a high percentage of mct to get them into ketosis because it's kind of hard to get mice into and then we administered we gave this unrestricted ad libitum and then we implanted you know very highly aggressive metastatic cancer cells and uh we did a pilot study and then after like three weeks pretty much all the mice on a standard diet had like rapidly growing tumors and they died of tumor burden and pretty much all except for one of the ketogenic diet mice were still alive so i was like wow there's something to this and we're not restricting the calories at all and they were eating both groups weighting the same calories well good question uh the the ketogenic diet group were was a little bit lower body weight so so then we did you know this was the pilot and then i had a graduate student at the time now dr angela paul she was like i want to make this my dissertation uh so we you know we got more animals and then we divided the groups and we gave ad-libitum standard rodent chow and alphabetum ketogenic diet we call it the kd2 because it was like a modified uh it was higher in protein actually like 20 protein instead of 10 and uh so that that was that was a big change in the ketogenic diet during the time because 20 is kind of kind of high when we're talking about kitchen not not high for the standard american diet but kind of high for a ketogenic diet but we saw a significant increase in um uh longevity of these mice that had cancer and uh and then we coupled it with hyperbaric oxygen therapy which like is another thing and then they let you know lasted longer and we published a few papers on this but at first the reviewers wanted us and did for good reason they said well we think you're seeing a caloric restriction effect so what we did is we took the standard diet and calorically restricted it to decrease the body weight by 10 i think to match it so we had so the body weight reduction was matched perfectly and and we did with caloric restriction standard diet i think we saw like maybe a 15 decrease in the tumor burden but it wasn't like the 60 percent we saw with the ketogenic diet so this gave us more confidence that at least in this model system which was a pretty good model that had an anti-tumor effect and uh you know the problem with the ketogenic diet calorie restricted in cancer patients is cancer cachexia and weight loss and that was kind of a big issue that we wanted to get around so it does appear that in animal model systems and in human patients that they can get enough calories with a ketogenic diet and you're still getting a tumor suppressing effect um i would say it's taking you know they keep there's no cure for for cancer but it does take the foot off the gas pedal i kind of put it in those terms of cancer growth by suppressing the hormone insulin and then igf-1 and mtor goes down and in in the context of some therapies the standard of care therapies like chemotherapy radiation immune based therapies and maybe even metabolic-based drugs like the pi3 kinase inhibitors which tend to have a counter regulatory effect of increasing insulin if you couple that with a ketogenic diet these drugs work better because it keeps insulin low and then you can you know inhibit that metabolic pathway and you get better effects and have you tried the experiment in healthy mice where you give one group a ketogenic diet without caloric restriction in another group just a regular diet both without caloric restriction and and if the ketogenic diet has any lifespan benefits yeah those studies take about two to three or four years you know uh we talked about doing this and i we have so many projects in the pipeline right now like we're always using mice like we had mice set aside for these longevity studies and like we'll let them live to a year and it'll be like a 40 year old starting to hit it and then we'll see how long but then we get into these other things where we need we need mice to test a particular compound or we need to you know do this or that so what i would like to do is is get a grant to study that and where we have like metformin rapamycin ketogenic diet you know at different types of ketogenic diets like maybe a lower protein ketogenic diet would be interesting to study versus a higher protein ketogenic diet so these are all studies like we really wanted to do and then also the question is can we put mice on these diets and then give them a an agent that would stimulate cancer like various chemicals in the environment or we can expose them their mice that have no hair and you can do like uv radiation they could induce can induce like skin cancer and things like that can we suppress the formation of spontaneous tumors with a a sustained dietary intervention and this is really important question but the federal government you know doesn't fund these things and we need to we need to start doing research because cancer prevention is like you know really key in knocking down cancer rates and if we could develop cancer prevention protocols like if you have if you live in a family where like 80 of people are dying of cancer and they get it you know by the age of 60 or 70 and we know if you could start implementing these things early on in life like in your 30s 40s and 50s then you could really increase your odds at getting cancer or delaying the onset of yeah i would i would love to see that study done i mean if we can have something like a dietary intervention that could be so useful for so many people like you said yeah we're working with different foundations and i think that are have an interest in this you know through a university system it's a little bit difficult you know i am as a professor you're really encouraged to get large federal grants that pay full indirects and overhead things like that but i mean we're we're in touch with groups of people that are interested in funding this and i'm i'm trying to like maybe fundraise to start a pilot study where we can get some encouraging data that might be the basis to do a larger study uh just to look at these things some of this work has been done but not in the methodical way that we want to do it where you have you have mice that have spontaneous tumors and then you have you know we want to make it as relevant as to the real world scenario as we can and actually develop a diet that's like a standard american diet where we actually go to the grocery store like get foods off the shelf and formulate something with a macronutrient ratio maybe that have some of these oxidized seed oils in it and high fructose corn syrup and things like that would be very interesting to see because the standard rodent chow is what we compare things against and that's a pretty healthy diet relatively speaking that would be like a a healthy version of like an american so and that's what we're comparing it to so we think that our data would be more robust if we uh and it may point to the harm that that a standard american diet and different types of foods are having absolutely yeah so one thing you mentioned a couple of times was the insulin signaling pathway um and i believe that might also be one of the mechanisms by which say ketogenic diets could have longevity benefits where just activates that pathway less um i was talking to dr richard miller on my previous podcast who runs the interventions testing program for testing different longevity supplements and he actually uh spoke about ecarbos which is a drug that's given to diabetic people and what it does is that it blunts the peak level of glucose so it's not about just like your moderate levels it's like the peak level of glucose gets blunted um and that actually has quite good lifespan benefits when you combine that with rapamycin in my seesaw the highest lifespan benefits in fact it was for male mice it was 29 um so i'm curious maybe that got me thinking maybe there's some connection here with you know just blunting the glucose levels and ketogenic diets in some ways do the same thing which could be having longevity benefits and activating the insulin signaling pathway or something activating less that's very interesting i would like to know if the effects the life span inducing effects were independent of weight so uh when you look at the data it all kind of comes down for many you know to caloric restriction and weight uh not everything i mean like i said the ketogenic diet eucalypt has amazing nerve protective anti-seizure benefits but i would like to and i think with the rapamycin data i need to dig into that data i've been wanting and the a carbos that you mentioned to see if these effects are independent i think people know to look at that but uh it's a very in doing this work i realize it's very very important to look at the caloric restriction effect because you know there's a lot of studies like on egcg i got very into like turmeric and egcg and all these things which do have benefits but a lot of the benefits was you know when you mix up some of these things in the food it becomes less palatable and the animals just eat less so they tend to they tend to lose a little bit of weight and then you get a robust effect from so uh but i'm very interested in looking at that so i'll look at his work and dig into that and trying to remember the question that you had leading up to this was it i was asking you about uh the insulin signaling pathway and ketogenic diets oh okay yeah insulin so that's how we actually make ketones through suppressing if you're on a ketogenic diet and you're in a state of and or if you're fasting for a week and you're in a state of ketosis and someone injects insulin in you it actually rapidly shuts off ketogenesis so that that's a counter-regulatory effect actually when we're in a state of ketosis with a diet we eliminate some ketones through ketone urea and then as ketone levels get elevated they tend to cause a little bit of a release of insulin and then that sort of turns down not off like kind of like a rheostat it kind of turns down hepatic beta oxidation of fatty acids which then decreases ketogenesis so the mechanism of the ketogenic diet is a big part of it is suppressing insulin igf-1 mtor and then by virtue of insulin glycolysis so glycolysis you know hexakinase and other enzymes are kind of uh you know regulated by insulin so glycolysis tends to go down and then you have a decrease in atp and atp activated potassium channels which can change the neuropharmacology of the brain there's people who study that who are convinced that it's glycolysis inhibition there's actually a drug called 2d oxyglucose which is like considered a ketogenic diet in a drug in a pill and then that's been used for epilepsy uh as as a drug that mimics the ketogenic diet simply by restricting glycolysis so and that's through the insulin in inhibition of insulin pathway um so that that's the fact that two deoxy glucose works and has anti-seizure effect is kind of a good support that the ketogenic diet is working through suppressing insulin signaling yeah that's very fascinating i i hope there are more studies on that but also your point on you know a lot of these studies it might come down to caloric restriction that's a that's a really good point because i'm sure um i'm not sure if you've looked into the rap mice and data if any of the studies actually end up doing that whether maybe some of the effects are due to caloric restriction as well because i believe that's the case was fasting too where people sometimes you know when people say fasting has beneficial effects sometimes it really just comes down to caloric restriction uh and i'm i'm sure maybe fasting has benefits independent of that but uh as far as i know i don't think we have good data on that yeah it's a good question i just interviewed dr uh sachin panda and we had this discussion so uh we're hosting a conference the metabolic health summit you know don't mean to plug it but but he is he's a speaker and we have dr john rowe and rhonda patrick is also the keynote speaker at this event uh so we've had these discussions with with all of them actually the effect of calorie restriction and time restricted feeding so are the benefits of calories are the benefits of time restricted feeding i.e intermittent fasting completely independent of calorie restriction i would say absolutely no you get a lot of benefits when you're eating within a compressed window you inadvertently eat less calories at least most people do and if you couple time-restricted feeding with a lower carbohydrate diet or ketogenic diet then it tends to i think magnify the effects but you know he made some good points when i was asking him this question um there are many benefits that you get with circade like synchronizing your circadian rhythm by eating within a certain time window and uh and many many other benefits independent of calorie restriction that occur with that but i really think that the main benefit of intermittent fasting time restricted feeding is that it becomes a tool for us to reduce our calories to create a calorie deficit is probably the main the main benefit of eating that way yeah no absolutely i'm sure there might be other benefits too and we'll find out more yeah there undoubtedly are but i think it's like you know people a lot of people argue uh calories in calories out or is you know it's sort of that i'm in the camp that calories matter 80 percent but that 20 percent that's independent of calories that's very important too and i think we need to understand that and then i think we need to acknowledge and appreciate that many of these types of diets whether it be a vegetarian diet vegan diet a ketogenic diet or time restricted feeding have remarkable effects at you know reducing reducing and helping to promote calorie restriction it's easy to lose weight generally speaking but sustaining that calorie deficit becomes the problem you know and if you are the type of person who's going to do intermittent fasting then that that can work for the type of person that can restrict carbohydrates then that becomes a sustainable way for you to moderate your calories and this is important to know that's why not everybody there's different methods for different people and i think you have to screen people in our clinical trial we have to do a lot of heavy screening before we get people into the clinical trial to understand their food preferences their lifestyle and things and on the point of calories and composition of food this reminds me of your conversation with uh elaine norton on joe rogan's podcast and i think he was trying to make the point that you know if someone's into bodybuilding and working out a lot uh if they have say one or two pop-tarts it's still fine whereas i think you made the point that a it could be fine but what's necessarily good for bodybuilding isn't necessarily good for health and longevity purposes and i i do think i mean i i i agree with you here more that sure like you can reduce calories probably still eating perpets but what are the benefit like what what are the detrimental effects of that spike in sugar or glucose that you're getting there yeah i mean he brings up a good argument not you know he tends to uh let the people who are most interested in ketogenic diets tend to be a fitness community who do not need to follow a ketogenic diet and so they're kind of like interested more or less in body composition alterations and staying lean and fit and looking a certain way from an aesthetic point of view and there is something to to the idea that body composition is a huge factor in longevity so and i just had this conversation with some i mean you can look at all the different biomarkers but simply taking a picture of yourself you know before a diet and during a diet i can look at pictures of someone sort of that's a heavy person before a diet and see like a time dependent pictures over like 12 weeks and i could predict like the changes that you'll see in their triglycerides or high sensitivity c-reactive protein their insulin and things like that just by looking at pictures you know so so i think i think there's something to this effect it's like you know don't worry about you know losing fat don't worry about what you weigh just pay attention to eating good but but i think it is important to i'm of the opinion that you want to maximize the amount of muscle you have and strength and if you can lose weight and maintain your strength that's really the key because strength and muscle muscle is so important muscle is an endocrine organ that releases myokines and hormones that have longevity effects and it's part of our independence as we age you know age-related sarcopenia and the more muscle and strength we have will correlate to higher bone density so there's so and you have the time to build muscle is now especially for women it's probably more important for women to do strength training now to build that bone density because you want to develop metabolic currency in the form of as much skeletal muscle and bone density as you can build now because that's going to pay big dividends as we age later on so i'm a huge fan i wish i did more research on like weight training and things like that but i want to add that to it's hard to get you know mice to do dead lifts and squats but simply you don't have to do that like simply running on a treadmill and stuff just exercising getting your body moving can have big translatable effects yeah i'm a huge proponent for weight training too but when you say especially for women uh is it that women lose muscle mass faster or i i guess it's harder for women to gain muscle mass i believe but is it are they losing it faster too uh good question i think males and females lose muscle at around the same weight are around the same kind of time scale with males they have a sharp dip in their testosterone like in their 40s and then that the lowering of testosterone can lead to like a more rapid muscle loss and with women i have to i haven't really delved into that literature that much but it but i do know generally speaking you know it's it's super important for both males and females but i i think of bone density because in men you don't really hear too much about you know osteopenia and you know and bone loss but in females you do and and you know we're and females are told to just hey take a calcium supplement and then i'll you know build your bones but no it's it's actually the it's actually putting stress on the bone doing weight-bearing exercises and the bigger muscles the larger muscles we have that actually puts tension on the bone as we lift things so bigger muscles correlate not all the time but most of the time to higher bone density so doing weight-bearing exercises and ensuring you know your vitamin d levels are sufficient and you're getting sufficient calcium and the soil is pretty depleted in calcium so just i saw a whole lecture on this how we should be taking calcium supplements and uh i actually i take a beta-hydroxybutyrate supplement that's kind of you know bound with calcium so it's like oh after looking at that but uh we live on a farm and i've been meaning to test the soil to see the calcium levels on that but i think if you know you get your nutrition on and you supplement and you're lifting weights you're building the bone density that's pretty much all we can do there's a lot of drugs that are being studied to increase bone density too but these will probably have side effects nasa is looking at this because in zero gravity you know astronauts lose a lot of bone density and that's a big project within nasa actually to test these drugs and then you know i think they have translation to humans too i think eventually a lot of women will be put onto drugs to increase bone density but i think they could make out much better just lifting weights [Laughter] i agree i i feel like sometimes a lot of the answers come down to just exercise more and left which is funny hey everyone if you enjoyed today's episode then help me out and share it with a friend or two if you want to stay tuned for upcoming podcast episodes and find all the previous ones sign up on my website lastly you can also find me on twitter where my handle is at live longer world that's it for now stay in good health and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @invinciblesummer4114 [6 likes]: This is one of the most under-subscribed channels on Youtube. Amazing channel, please keep up the amazing work!
  2. @Pirate_Clippy [1 likes]: There was a woman that died on a vegan diet because of protein deficiency and her story went viral. I thought the people laughing at her were just as gross as this Dominic guy.  

I don't trust someone that chuckles and rolls his eyes at people dying on a diet he disagrees with. Eye roll exactly here 4:29
  3. @Pirate_Clippy [1 likes]: This guy is too condescending and contemptuous to people that died on The Protein-Sparing Modified Fast (PSMF) diet at 4:11 HE EVEN ROLLED HIS EYES like, 'they died too something soo stupid'

I don't like carnivore but don't be self important about it, especially to dead people. Don't be like the stereotype of the hated vegan.
  4. @arireisner [1 likes]: Great interview and information! Hopefully Dr. D'Agostino will get funding for further research into utilizing a modified keto diet as part of a cancer prevention lifestyle implemented from younger adult ages.
  5. @elec3calengr: What are the benefits of keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀 to memory and learning for students👩‍🎓

- High Impact Summary: Dr. D'Agostino | The Ketogenic Protocol for Longevity & Cellular Health: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody welcome to a brand new format of the muscle intelligence podcast i'm your host ben pakulski we know how valuable your time is sometimes it's not possible to get to all your favorite podcasts and listen from the beginning to the end so what we've done so we've decided to create a brand new format that allows you to get all of the high impact habits all of the most valuable information in just a short condensed amount of time and ultimately when you hear this podcast and you know how much you love this information you have the opportunity to go back and listen to the entire conversation with the guests so i hope you love it if you do love it i would love to love it if you would subscribe to muscle intelligence podcast share this podcast with at least one person you know and love as we continue to spread this message of intelligent muscle building and ultimately using muscle building and intelligent movement to live to a ripe old age and extend our lifespan so without further ado for me enjoy the muscle intelligence podcast we always say the mitochondria call the shots so even in the context of things like cancer when the mitochondria become damaged atp levels fall and then through a retrograde response that basically cell tells the nucleus that there's an energetic crisis and that begins to cascade to norm to transform a normal cell into a cancer cell which upregulates things like glycolysis and sugar metabolism and that's you know eventually the transformed cell has a what we call a warburg phenotype which is damaged mitochondrial respiration and compensatory fermentation so the cells ferment and they're using fermenting fuels like glucose and glutamine for their survival a similar thing is happening happening in a very protracted way in the context of a space environment or even an undersea environment where there's a higher concentration of oxygen and even a higher concentration of co2 the partial pressure of co2 in international space station similar to a submarine where it's like two to eight thousand parts per million of co2 and this is causing redox stress this is something that we study in the lab how it affects you know neural control how it affects brain function physical function the gut microbiome our gut permeability this high co2 tends to damage the what are called the tight junctions in the gut and that makes it got leaky we have the same tight junctions on the blood-brain barrier so it also makes the brain kind of leaky and contributes to inflammation the countermeasures that are being developed much like many military projects those technologies can be applied to the everyday person right so for for not only performance enhancement but just general health you said there's like a warburg phenotype was it a phenotype or like expression i guess more than 10 years ago now we started doing research on cancer metabolism yep and we're basically under the impression after observing cancer cell mitochondria in different microscopy setups that the cancer cell mitochondria were spitting out massive amounts of oxygen free radicals super oxide right i didn't know why this was happening because i didn't know a whole lot about cancer at the time but come to find out that the metabolism of cancer is significantly different than the metabolism of healthy cells whereas a cancer cell metabolism essentially differentiates from deriving the majority of its energy from mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation you know the electron transport chain there's a gradual progression of decreased mitochondrial function and mitochondrial number to relying more on glycolytic glutamineolysis metabolism where you're deriving energy from glucose so cancer cells in many ways have especially more aggressive tumors that are metastasizing and growing very fast they have super high rates of glucose metabolism 100 to 200 times higher and as a consequence of that we can image cancer tumors with a fluorodeoxyglucose pet scan or ftg pet scan so the tumor lights up very intensely and what you're imaging there is a hyper absorption and metabolism of glucose relative to driven by glycolysis relative to mitochondrial function which in mitochondria use fatty acids and ketones for fuel so that sort of falls into this idea that is true to some extent is that if you're in a state of low glucose consumption low glucose blood glucose low insulin low igf-1 which would be facilitated with a ketogenic diet and high fatty acid oxidation high ketones that would basically marginalize the growth and development of the tumor so going off a bit of a tangent but the warburg effect a simple if i have to have a one sentence description of the warburg phenotype it would be damaged mitochondrial respiration leads to compensatory fermentation how do we counteract these obviously there's other things that you're looking for counter measures for but specific to the warburg phenotype countermeasures obviously starting with ketogenic diet but i'd love to hear what other things you guys are exploring caloric restriction and ketogenic diet and diets that restrict fermentable fuels will decrease we'll take the foot off the gas pedal so to speak of cancer growth so it'll slow it down it will not cure cancer i don't care whatever anybody says some people look at different animal studies and say and think that different dietary patterns whether it be the budwig diet or the vegan diet or this diet would be the cure for cancer and that's not the case but these nutritional therapies and that's what they are medical therapies can can be used as a standalone therapy you know if cancer has been very advanced or if standard care is not working but we're very interested in using a modified ketogenic diet that i call like a protein sparing modified ketogenic diet that's supplemented so it's a ketogenic diet that has higher amounts of protein to mitigate cancer cachexia it's modified with the types of fatty acids that comprise a ketogenic diet is much higher percentage-wise in fat so we want to use you know omega-3 fatty acids less omega-6s we want to use medium-chain triglycerides because they're more ketogenic and we also want to incorporate different types of prebiotic fiber into the ketogenic diet to preserve and sustain the gut microbiome because that's really important for barrier function in the gut it also makes short chain fatty acids like butyrate which can be important so you have higher protein almost double the amount of protein a clinical ketogenic diet for epilepsy is like 10 protein so we want to boost that up to 20 even upwards to 25 30. and then a fatty acid composition that's not only highly anti-inflammatory but also very ketogenic like caprylic triglycerides for example it's rich in that and then prebiotic fiber that can preserve and and maintain the gut microbiome is that a supplemental source dom or is that from a specific food for the prebiotic fibers uh yeah it could be a mix of different plant-based you know phytonutrients there's different fibers on on the market obviously like different prebiotic fibers but or they could be plant-based from like artichoke or greens or something like that you know in our lab setting we have to rely on whatever the company has for different fermentable fuels so we usually use a comedy like some soluble and insoluble fiber mix but when you're formulating like a diet for someone you want to have a diversity mostly like things that are very like greens so very dark greens dark leafy greens you know broccoli of course is good uh asparagus things like that things that are just mostly water and fiber but then a lot of a big part of what we do is actually developing ketone supplements that do two things really they elevate ketones in the blood and ketones have you know they provide energy to healthy cells but not so much cancer cells they have epigenetic effects they have anti-inflammatory signaling effects they preserve and can protect the brain from radiation if someone's undergoing like radiation therapy for a brain tumor and they have anti-catabolic effects so uh we've published on this showing that and that may be like from an evolutionary perspective when you're fasting you start mobilizing fatty acids for fuel the fats do not cross the blood-brain barrier so the liver converts the fats to ketones and then the ketones can preserve your cns function and many people become more lucid like in a fasted state and then the ketone bodies actually prevent the breakdown of skeletal muscle they actually have anti-catabolic effects so if we're fasting if we we did not make ketones first of all we would not have brain energy our brain energy would would tank right but the beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate prevent alanine from breaking down a major gluconeogenic amino acid and skeletal muscle is alanine so we'll start breaking down skeletal muscle to liberate gluconeogenic amino acids to preserve our normal there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain blood glucose and part of that process is breaking down skeletal muscle to get access to it but if ketones are elevated then that has a tremendous anti-catabolic effect by virtue of preventing uh the breakdown of skeletal muscle how often when are you using ketone supplements now dom this morning like when i wake up i'll take third of a packet of ketostar which is like by audacious nutrition it's like really concentrated electrolytes yeah yeah and the salt blend most ketone salts on the market basically just give me diarrhea it's really bad like pretty much all of them do there's a formulation that there's a product i really like called element rob wolf makes it it's like electrolyte so the ketostar uses the that ratio of electrolytes but it binds beta hydroxybutyrate to the electrolytes so you're giving the electrolytes and then you're giving you know ketones at the same time uh so i'll take i'll do a third of the packet in the morning with like creatine and acetyl-l-carnitine so i'll mix that together and then i drink that and just with water so it's really no calories and then i go out like this morning i let the cows out i walk around barefoot i get a lot of bright sun as the sun's coming up then i jump in the pool and swim a couple laps and then i come in and start brewing my coffee and getting my workstation getting things up up and running so that's like my normal routine and then i'll take the rest of the packet around like two o'clock in the afternoon and then i'll mix that up and then it'll just give me a second a second wind if i'm hiking or doing like extremes when i lived in the undersea environment for 10 days underwater i was consuming a lot of exogenous ketones and looking at the effects on oxidative markers and things like that so yeah i'm a big fan of you know i have i have a whole bunch of ketones around the office behind me so we have like probably 30 or more molecules i mean most of my research has been on ketone esters but then as i progressed then i realized that i was kind of not very favorable from taking a big load of sodium and then i realized that sodium is actually like like a performing performance enhancing substance and i kind of load on sodium before i go train especially in florida so the ketone salt is actually perfect because i'm getting my electrolytes like element but delivering beta hydroxybutyrate which is like really a nootropic so i think of i experiment with a lot of different nootropics and i find that beta hydroxybutyrate is probably up there with the top and you're it's not a stimulant although if you use like keto start that has caffeine in it then there's a definitely a synergy between ketones and caffeine that have been you know studied and reported on so that's something that i use also if i'm writing and i just need a lot of cognitive you know energy not really a difference in efficacy with the salts versus the esters well with the esters you have to be sort of careful because uh esters are more potent and we're using them in some of our it depends on the context of what you're using it for so an ester will boost your ketones above two millimolar up to three and four what happens when you boost your ketone levels to two millimolar is that you start pumping out insulin so and then that's how we actually regulate when we go on a ketogenic diet our ketones become elevated and then we pee out ketones that's called ketone urea and then as the ketones get elevated the ketones will then stimulate the pancreas to release a little bit of insulin and that decreases fat oxidation in the liver beta oxidation of fatty acids in the liver so you know that the insulin as ben bichmann had talked about the insulin will shut off the fat burning process which is not good if you're using ketones for recomp if you're consuming ketone esters and getting above two millimolar then you're shutting off your fat burning process as evidenced by the decrease in ketones production so if so the bottom line is that if you take a ketone supplement and you're shooting above 2 millimolar maybe even 1.5 then you're decreasing fatty acid oxidation by virtue of releasing insulin and you're also decreasing ketone production [Music] ladies and gentlemen i hope you have enjoyed today's high impact summary if you want to go deeper into any of the content you just heard don't forget to check out the full length show that was just released you can head over to muscleintelligence.com podcast to check out that and all of our podcasts if you want to subscribe so you never miss a podcast head over to your favorite podcast platform whether it be spotify apple youtube any of the amazing places where great podcasts listen to you can head over there and subscribe if you want to join our email list to get free information where i'm constantly providing value i'm constantly providing insights into the information learned on these podcasts you can over to muscleintelligence.com learn to grab a free guide on ultimately living your greatest life thank you for being here and as always live your greatest life in a body that you absolutely love thank you so much for tuning into muscle intelligence if you enjoyed today's episode please be sure to share it with at least one person you know make sure you're subscribed so you never miss an episode this podcast is for information purposes only statements and views on this podcast are not medical advice this podcast including ben pikolsky and the producers disclaim responsibility for any possible adverse effects from the use of information contained herein opinions of guests are their own and this podcast does not endorse or accept responsibility for statements made by guests this podcast does not make any representations or warranties about guest qualifications or credibility this podcast may contain paid endorsements or advertisements for products or services individuals on this podcast may have a direct or indirect financial interest and products or services referred to here in if you think you have a medical problem consult a licensed physician

  Top Comments:
  1. @enriqueburruel35 [4 likes]: I like this NEW format... Great!!!

- The Keto Answers Podcast 043: How to Increase Longevity & Improve Quality of Life - Dr. Peter Attia: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you for listening to the keto answers podcast I am your host Dr Anthony Gustin and joining me this week is Dr Pier Atia Dr AA is probably one of the smartest people that I'm aware in existence especially in the field of longevity so in this episode we dig into a lot of different stuff the first little bit it can be can be a little technical so if it's a little bit above your head just stick it out and we get a lot of actionable stuff as we move into the second half episode but if you're a nerd like us then I think you're going to enjoy the first half um we talk about everything from Peter's approach to longevity how he treats patients at his Clinic what blood markers he tracks which ones he thinks need to exist that don't exist his experimentation with the war ring and our both of our results with continuous blood glus Monitor and way more so again first little bit is intense then the second half lightens up a little bit but I I love my conversation with Dr pitia and I think you will too but before we get started I have a huge announcement this month of November we have an exciting announcement perfect keto bars have launched that's right it took me 18 months in 18 iterations to get this thing right so I made a bar that tasted better than any bar that is a consistency better than any other bar and more importantly does not change your blood sugar this is one of the things that or I gu mine and the team so we tested it on ourselves and for the entire month of November we're doing a little promo so if you use code keto answers 30 you can get 30% off a pack of bars that I guarantee you guys are going to love so take a minute try them out and let me know what you think Peter thank you for being on the show thanks for having me Anthony too Chico fresh in hand ready to go hope hopefully not too many bubbles this time um you know I I I should have gone and grabbed one before we started but uh I'm going to go son's beverage okay so your approach to longevity and health is pretty pragmatic but I would say a little elegant um I think that's what you've been known for as a kind of a thought leader and expert and doctor in longevity and how that pertains to human health so if you could just explain your approach on longevity that'd be awesome um well it's uh you know it's sort of to break it break the problem down into slightly more manageable parts so I guess starting with what is longevity longevity really is optimizing or enhancing two things lifespan which is you a bit easier to understand that's the number of years that you're alive and then Health span which is uh a slightly uh less binary term that has to do with the quality of your life and that's sort of fed into by three things the um quality of your mind so your ability to preserve cognition is probably the most important part of that the quality of your body and that has a number of features to it which we could dive into later and then sort of the quality of your emotional life U so that involves everything from your relationships uh with yourself your relationships with others your sense of purpose your social support network and things like that and so a strategy around enhancing longevity would in theory increase all of those things is that by chance your podcast cover art is life span versus Health span is increasing that um so obviously the the biological part is one of the ones that you probably in clinical practice focus on the most um and how do you look at that as far as I I know it's more of a strategy of reducing chronic illness more than is trying to tack on all these extra things on top yeah I think from a lifespan perspective the all of my um analyses point to a couple of things uh and one of them is that the people who live the longest experience chronic disease the latest uh there's there's sort of no denying that right centenarians don't have immunity from Death they have protection from Death so it's the difference between you know being Neo in The Matrix where you can shoot him as many times as you want and he can stop the bullets versus someone having a bulletproof vest on you know eventually you're still going to get shot but it just reduces the probability of Fatality and so the centenarians are much more like the latter and the former is much more how we think of longevity from a science fiction perspective which I don't really spend much time thinking about immortality and things like that what what we've observed is that people who are going to live to be 100 are going to basically have a 20-year phase shift in the onset of chronic disease and so while much of that protection seems to be genetically driven um I think for those of that aren't so genetically blessed there's um there are opportunities to abide by certain principles and And Delay the onset of these chronic diseases and therefore give us the opportunity to to kind of live longer you know in a disease free state right and and so then your strategy if I'm correct is that you kind of look at this as far as a statistical um representation of okay what are these chronic diseases and what are the main ones that people would die from and then looking at you know break that down and looking forward at what predisposes each person to this chronic disease and how can you then at different stages of Life mitigate against those things that's right so I mean for for most people we can even just actuarially get a pretty good sense of what their risks are but of course you can you know put a sharper point on that by um knowing their family history in great detail understanding certain genetic susceptibilities should they be present and then of course observing their phenotype which is what it actually look like in the moment and any commonalities that you've seen in your practice as far as things that people could be doing to delay that onset of any of those um conditions well I mean I think the the the thing that is common to the big three right the the three big common causes of death are the atherosclerotic diseases so um heart disease and stroke um neurodegenerative diseases of which Alzheimer's is the most common and cancer so so if there's one thing that's common to all of those it's metabolic disregulation so some of these diseases have very specific issues tied to them but but they all are exacerbated in the presence of insulin resistance and it's more extreme counterpart type of Diabetes so certainly any effort at Living longer has to begin with a foundation of minimizing insulin resistance or maximizing glucose disposal and insulin sensitivity and being as far to the left of that Spectrum as you would you know if you're thinking of this as being on the right side of that spectrum is type two diabetes and fatty liver disease and things like that it's being as far to the left as possible there's only good things come from that and so if somebody comes to you and they know nothing about how their body works or their health in general what are the first few things that you do to survey or to kind of wake them up about the importance of this and kind of speak to them in in layman's terms boy I don't know that's a tough question um I guess it's just sort of a little bit of Osmosis I mean I think going through the labs um usually invariably requires that I'm pointing them in the direction of something I've written in the past or a podcast I've done so that they can kind of understand things a little bit better I mean most of us are problem-based Learners so we learn best when we have a context in which to learn so there's not a lot of purpose in me trying to explain to a patient the significance of elevated LP littlea or having an apoe4 genotype if they don't have it or before they know if they do or don't have it right it's a bit of an abstraction but once a patient sees that oh you know I'm one of the you 25% of the people that has an apoe4 gene or I'm one of the 8 to 10% of people that has an elevated LP littlea then it becomes a lot easier for me to point them in the direction of work I've already done on those topics so that they can now be a little bit more focused in understanding what those things mean and what the implications are for management of disease obviously it's a very complex system human body do a lot of people that you see kind of come in with the idea that you know insulin resistance and they I want to prevent and a ketogen diet is the best tool for that just given the popularity over the last few years and your involvement with kind of expanding the space yes so I think some people just sort of you know kind of come in thinking that um that that's that that's the answer and and I I can certainly not fault them for assuming that um that that's my favorite Hammer um that's you know and I'm out there looking for nails but you know the reality of it is I I think of a ketogenic diet as as simply one tool in fact it's a it's a tool that's a subset of one of the you know broader ways that I think about nutrition I think about you know everybody starts out in the same sort of place which is they're consuming this pretty crappy standard American diet and from there are generally the two easiest things to make alterations to are the timing with which they consume food so time restriction of feeding Without Really any attention to what they're feeding um so you're not restricting a subset of nutrients or total calories you're just narrowing the window in which they feed and then the second thing that um is a pretty logical extension uh is dietary restriction where you don't restrict when they eat or how much they eat but you do restrict certain things so a ketogenic diet is just one of the more extreme versions of a dietary restriction strategy and then of course you get into different ways to um cycle exposures to nutrients so you know you can get into transient periods of hypocaloric diets and you can get into just outright fasting for periods of time so when I draw all of this out on the Whiteboard it becomes pretty apparent to a patient that a ketogenic diet is like 12th of the options that are available out there and and so to be so narrowly fixated on that one tool is to obviously Miss um you know kind of some of the things that are out there yeah I mean one of the ways that I look at it exactly cou is is that it's a tool for reaching certain goals and I think that with how people are coming in with this metabolic damage I look at it kind of like a like a a macro damage to to Anatomy for example so for instance I was playing basketball about eight months ago and I am very unathletic so I I completely tore it up I was coming down was the first time I played in a while it's fatigued was 2 hours into the game and it's completely shredded everything in my ankle um tore everything up and that ankle may not work the same way ever again um depending on how it heals do the damage that's occur to it so if I were to roll my ankle off of stepping off a curb it's probably going to be fine healed no problem if it's going to be run over by a semi- then that's going to be even more permanent damage to that and I think that a lot of people are probably coming into clinics nowadays where they've had you know a really aggressive standard American diet compared to you know 50 years ago that they're coming in with perhaps metabolic damage that frankly cannot be returned to let's say a hunter gatherer type which is what we're all you know aspiring to to some degree um how do you feel about this kind of spectrum of metabolic damage and and how much of it can be resolved versus not and that as far as health well I I I agree I mean I think we're starting from uh for many people they're coming in in in in in sort of maybe not under duress but but certainly under uh greater metabolic pressure um than people would have been on balance 50 years ago um of course the question is what's the best tool to kind of break the cycle and for some patients starting with a ketogenic diet does produce great results but for a number of patients and I've been at this now for many years uh so I've um I guess if I have one thing going for me it's that I don't really feel particularly wed to any strategy I tend to be wed to the outcome uh I'm largely agnostic to strategy and certainly agnostic to tactics um so when a ketogenic diet is not working and I feel like I've seen more cases than I can count of when a person despite their best compliance is not achieving benefits on a ketogenic diet uh almost without exception some form of fasting is required um and occasionally although I don't have as much experience with it certainly anecdotally there are P patients who respond much better to a diet that's higher in carbohydrate and much much lower in fat although I don't really know what the denominator is on that conversion and I don't know how many of those patients would have not otherwise responded favorably to fasting but but to me fasting is probably one of the more important Tools in our toolkit and uh I think ultimately everybody's capable of it but psychologically it obviously poses a challenge for some and then do you have any foundational um principles that you have with nutrition is as far as it feeds into this as like you know generally speaking real food is better than not real food I'm sure you'd agree with that but any other larger things where no matter the tool whe it's compressed eating window like you said maybe removing some some food options is a smart move um what's your thought as far as you know if everybody could do XY or Z with nutrition the world would be a better place I mean if it's that broad a question there's there's obviously a lot of things right so so if everybody could eat food that didn't come out of a package or wasn't processed I mean I think across the board you probably fix you know I have no idea what the number is you know call it half the problems that exist in the world right if you just eliminated anything that wasn't real um I think the other principle that is important is because we did not evolve in an environment that had constant exposure to nutrients um it strikes me as unnatural that we live in a world even if you're eating the right Foods quote unquote if you're eating constantly and you're constantly exposed to nutrients and the longest period of time you don't eat is while you're sleeping um I think there are some people who are going to do fine in that environment but it's doesn't strike me as the best outcome possible or the most optimized outcome because I don't think anything in our evolutionary um background would have pre predisposed us to have thrived in that environment we we in many ways were I think poised to thrive in a different environment where you had much greater uh period of time away from nutrients and so I do think that everybody regardless of where they land on the dietary spectrum of macronutrients I think benefits still from from transient bouts of caloric restriction uh conversely I don't think there's really any long-term um benefit to longterm constant constitutive caloric restriction compared to some of the smarter Alternatives in other words that probably offers a benefit relative to just a you know standard American diet but you you it's hard to get worse than the standard American diet so that's not saying much right it seems to be that a lot of things in health generally come down in this oscillatory fashion where there's a duality that like you said long-term caloric restrictions probably not the best solution eating all the time is not the best solution it's probably eating a a good bit and then not eating for a while and the same thing probably goes with a lot of hormones where we thought you know I think you mentioned this recently on a podcast that for a long time you thought igf was bad and then you're thinking now that maybe it'd be oscillatory thing where it's a kind of a phase shift in and out um are there any other places where you're seeing that where maybe you had an idea before where it was you know it was a good idea to have this blanket statement or or way to look at things but it really comes down to sometimes you want it high sometimes you want low sometimes you want to do it sometimes you want to stay away from it I'm I think those two examples you gave are probably the the the best examples of things where I've probably appreciated a bit more Nuance in the system and and certainly you know there were ways to cycle your igf using hormones there are lots of doctors out there that prescribe growth hormone um I've never been quite comfortable enough to do that um but at the same time I also don't believe in sort of the the fear mongering that goes into growth hormone I mean um so so I think that's a more complicated topic but um my point is you can certainly use fat in in nutrition to cycle growth hormone levels and so if a person naturally resides at the 80th percentile for igf-1 um and then they transiently fast I mean which is sort of how how luck has worked out for me is I I kind of naturally live at about 80th percentile for igf and every time I do a five to seven day fast it drops down to about the fifth percentile and then it takes about a month and a half to slowly crawl its way back with the reintroduction of amino acids specifically it seems methionine so uh that strikes me as a great way to achieve a cyclic approach to a very important hormone without actually having to rely on an exogenous hormone and is this potentially um tied at all this principle of this oscillatory effect with mtol I feel like with people kind of fearing that as a buzzword they don't eat any protein anymore because they're afraid that if they elevated at all with protein that that's going to kill them immediately um any thoughts on on that or would fasting for a long period of time kind of take care of that as well well I mean mtor is is obviously incredibly important I guess like with anything that's really important it's prone to uh oversimplification so mtor is a very important nutrient sensor argu arguably the most important and especially when it comes to amino acids and there are two amino acids in particular that seem especially um important to mtor one of them is Lucine the other is methionine and it's derivative Sam e so the difference between these is important though and this is something that I think is lost on the sort of general population so if you fast for you know let's say a long time a week you go a week with nothing but water there really are no differences in your Lucine levels during that period of time so even though you're not ingesting Lucine the body is so good at preserving Lucine um that you're not really going to see a huge drop off in lucing so fasting is not really an appropriate tool to modulate lucing levels on the downside conversely Lucine is really essential for muscle hypertrophy so if you're a bodybuilder or if you're you know just even somebody in the fitness space and you're trying to put on muscle it's really important that your muscles are exposed to Lucine and that's not as easy to do as people would think because if you take Branch chain amino acids you have to be kind of constantly ingesting them throughout the period of the workout free amino acids don't stick around very long so there are you know of course probably companies that are working on developing analoges of Lucine to treat people who have um you know conditions of muscle loss um now conversely methionine which seems to of all amino acids not only be very important for mtor but also seems to be very important at driving igf that is an amino acid that you'll in a very short period of time after fasting experience a significant drop off in and so we don't preserve methionine levels nearly as well as we do Lucine or other Branch chain amino acids and so therefore I think some of the benefits of fasting probably come due to come probably come down to the methionine restriction more than the locing restriction and again I think it comes back to this period of chronically low mtor activity is not a good thing um if you look at you know physiologic models of constant mtor inhibition um without ever taking the the pedal off the brake that produces a very bad phenotype just as constant stimulation of mtor produces a very bad phenotype so it's hard to look at those extreme cases in addition to understand the you know some of the more rigorous non-human data and not come to the conclusion that some sort of cyclic inhibition and activation of mtor is probably optimal so if we're still having Lucine High in times of fast is there any other strategy that you use maybe for yourself or with patients to to inhibit that versus activate it no I think of Lucine as being normal versus high whereas I think of methionine as being normal versus low okay and then and so we're really kind of optimizing for different things uh question somewhat related to that I know that you have chatted before about protein levels on a ketogenic diet and how if you've increased them to a certain degree you've been kicked out of ketosis U I think that is starting to become a several different camps about this thought and I'd love to get your thoughts on mechanism of how that would do that um myself I was bombarded with questions about a carnivore diet in the beginning of the year and I'm a pretty big experimenter so I thought that I was not going to say anything to anybody until I tried it myself so I did for five weeks and did tons of lab work before and after as well as testing every day uh glucose and Ketone levels and even though I was eating upwards of 200 grams of protein at my Ketone levels be exact same as if I were doing a 4 to1 classical ketogenic diet uh and I've seen this with plenty of people as well so just curious to to hear your thoughts on protein levels and ketah regards to that um actually that's pretty cool I'd actually like to hear more about that so I I don't um particularly have a strong point of view on this I mean other than what I've observed in myself and my patients which is as a general rule when you're on a ketogenic diet everyone has kind of a different threshold above which protein by itself even absent um additional um glucose uh tends to impair ketogenesis um again whether that's through glucogenesis or some other mechanism um you know truthfully I just have more interesting problems to worry about not to minimize the people's interest in that topic but there's a finite amount of time in the day and a finite amount of energy I can put into things and there are far more interesting problems to me um but the you know the carnivore diet I have no experience with um like you I've heard of lots of anecdotes that seem interesting um you know strikes me as a little bit extreme but uh you know for me to call something extreme is a little is probably the pot calling the kettle black so I'll appreciate the irony of that statement um so what else did you OB observe in yourself yeah I mean it was just strange that a lot of the things that I thought were going to happen the basically the exact opposite happened so my insulin went down um glucose over time actually went down Ketone levels stayed the same or went up um igf went down iron went down uh and my lipid like my particle count went down like I was eating way more like it was just everything that I had hypothesized changing in a in a maybe a negative or directionally negative way actually went the other way and so I was just kind of baffled by that and it's five and a half weeks so yeah maybe this is something of a removal even though it it's an extremely Clean Diet and somewhat ketogenic in the first place um so I don't I yeah I'm sure there are tons of variables but tried to keep a lot of other things you know controlled for uh so yeah I mean I I can send you the labs if you're interested in taking a look but yeah I mean this is one of the things that were like I was just kind of shocked at the results as well as like hearing all these people saying the same thing of remaining in ketosis yet ingesting this extreme amount of protein and essentially you know it's like 60% protein 40% fat at that to that degree and yeah I mean so that means you're eating I mean how lean a cut of meat were you eating what was your bread butter so to speak yeah I mean it was generally a ribeye but a grass-fed Ranch I get here in Austin that so it's a little bit leaner than I would say traditional ribeye and then that um and I ate wild boar and then bunch of liver and so like those are the three main Staples that I had and how many grams of protein were you eating a day on average you think yeah anywhere from 160 to 200 just depending on how hungry I was just thinking that doesn't seem like that much given that that's pretty much all you were eating and your fat was only 40% of total calories so you were quite hypocaloric then yeah and this is the thing too as as far like I was stuffing myself every single day and could not eat as as much as I would want to try I either wasn't hungry and so I would just make meat if because I knew I had to eat and then I would force feed myself and I I've gotten like bodybuilding type of diets before I was EA 4 to 5,000 calories a day and I know what that feeling is like where you're basically done eating your body just has had enough and then you have to eat more and more and more and that's how I felt every time I ate and so yeah I mean it was challenging at a point I started cooking things and and adding more butter and getting more fat in just so I can get my total caloric load up CU I don't want to start losing any Mass um so that's another thing I found interesting I mean I think that looking at that palatability of food and eating only one food group I think there's something there that you know when people are eating certain meals if they have five different things to eat it makes sense that they're going to overeat just because switching from you know salty to Sweet too crunchy too soft you know that tricks the brain into eating more so I don't know if it's just a control on that regulatory system but yeah you it was fascinating I I obviously so in that in that five we period did you lose weight I actually gained weight and I did a DEX scan and so actually I gained muscle mass and I I lost I think I mean not much fat but um yeah I mean it was like beginner gains all over again I mean the strength was up in the gym it was it was yeah everything that I thought again was just completely backwards that's really interesting yeah I'd like to see that I again I've had I've looked at some people's Labs who have had a couple friends who have done it and in the few examples I've seen their Labs went to hell in a handbasket I was uh I was not too impressed with what I saw although subjectively they seem to feel much better what were the labs that tanked in in your view of it lfts went up uh lipoproteins went the wrong direction badly uh I'm trying to think in one guy's case some of his inflammatory markers also kind of took a nose dive yeah so again for me CRP went I mean it was pretty much unmeasurable when I started but it was even down that was down like I I think my trialer rides went up like 15 points but everything else was directionally the opposite um so yeah it was just super interesting it's cool yeah I mean I don't think that it's a good strategy for a long term like I don't think I mean let's look at a maybe that makes sense for maybe short-term birth and I have some other hypotheses that it's kind of like a gut reset diet because you're removing all dietary fiber and so I mean maybe I had some some some gut issue that I was unaware of and and the correction from that led to the positive shift in a lot of the markers um yeah I mean a lot of hypothesis why it may or may not have worked but just interesting yeah that's very cool yeah as as far as markers I mean I think people can listen to one of your recent podcasts about ones that you typically want people to run but I'm kind of curious as far as what you think markers are that we don't have a good proxy for um and I mean like what are some things that are just missing on Labs that you if you were to wave a magic one you can have a couple markers and what would those be oh I mean the two areas where we're so woefully deficient it's uh it's comical is we don't we don't have any real ways to measure autophagy let alone you know narrower subsets of that like mitophagy and uh my belief is that this is arguably the single most important and over overlapping benefit of the the two most relevant interventions in longevity which are caloric restriction and rapy so um these things are going to have multiple effects but the um I think the most significant effect of choric restriction and rapamycin on longevity probably fall in the realm of autophagy so the fact that we can't measure autophagy is um frustrating to say the least because it makes it very difficult to answer a question I get asked all the time which is okay Peter I accept that we should be doing periodic fasts but at what frequency and at what duration and obviously you don't need to be a mathematician to realize there are literally an infinite number of permutations to that question so should we be fasting seven days every quarter three days every month one day every week I mean the list goes on and on and on and without having a tool to m to measure the cellular response to that um I I I find myself frustrated the second thing is um we don't really have great tools for measuring um adaptive immunity which is also something that really needs to be improving if we're doing this stuff correctly so if whatever dietary restriction or caloric restriction we're imposing is working we really ought to see an improvement in adaptive immunity now that can be measured in the laboratory um so so that's an easier problem to solve because it's just a question of would anyone ever have an interest in commercializing those tests um the answer is probably not but at least I know that you know for myself I can go into a lab and if I'm willing to you know pay the premium to have you know fluorescence activated cell sorting done on my te- cells uh with antigen stimulation I can at least get some measure of te- cell function so really the former is the one that keeps me up at night do you think there's any proxy currently AA a for it or I mean this has to be something that if we put some resources into we could solve I mean is there any hypothesis on or proxy for or hypothesis of how we could get this done I mean I've certainly speculated on what some things are probably happening I mean clearly so the way I think of it is more as a metabolic signature I don't think there's like one test it's not like the C reactive protein or the LDL particle number where it's one assay for one test what what we're really looking for is a is a signature um and so that signature will certainly include things that we can already measure uh for example it seems uric acid is going to go up um although that's not necessarily true um it could be that uric acid goes up in fasting for a different reason than autophagy in fact that's at least 50% likely just based on my estimation of thinking about why uric acid goes up when you fast um you know we know that amino acids I've already alluded to some of them right methionine is going to likely drop um under periods of autophagy um but I think that there's going to be far deeper things than that uh for example we know that when you are fasting and methionine goes down autophagia is probably going up but we don't really know at least I'd have to go back and look at the literature I'm not exactly convinced of what happens when someone's taking rapamycin but they're well fed with amino acids presumably at that point in time they're methionine would be normal uh but yet there's probably still a toage going on because the rapy is over overriding the effect of the amino acids so there's something well beyond that and um the Holy Grail would be an integral readout of mtor activity so in the way that hemoglobin A1c is an integral of glucose over time we don't have an integral for mtor activity and that is a very very hard problem that I've spoken with sort of the smartest people in the world about and they agree that that's that that that gets classified as a super hard problem to solve do we have any immed ways to measure like can we biopsy to measure any autophagy currently or I mean is it just a theoretical no you could yeah if you're if you were I mean if you're studying this in laboratory animals and you're willing to sacrifice them or biopsy them extensively you can certainly look at longchain microt tubies and things like that and get a sense of what's going on from Lal formation and and certainly if we were going to develop an assay for this which is you know something I am sort of working on in my quote unquote spare time then that's what we will use to verify the assays so volunteers like me will end up getting lots of muscle biopsies and fat biopsies to then use that as a positive control to say okay well you know under periods of fasting or rapid M Administration where we can demon demonstrate you know the conversion between lc2 and lc3 uh which are these longchain microtubules which are known to you know change direction from one type to another under periods of of of that Administration how does that now associate with the proteom um metabolomic gut biome signature and then we kind of come up with sort of a probabilistic model of what it looks like so it's not going to look like a blood test it's not going to look like one simple test that you know you know you go down a quest and you get a blood test and it tells you you know how much autophagy is going on this going to be much more complicated so you think that there's no Financial incentive to push us forward um I mean it depends what you mean by that I mean there's certainly Financial incentive for me to do this and I'm going to happily spend all of my disposable income on this type of a problem um but truthfully I don't think it's that commercially interesting and I've C You Know spoken about this with um lots of folks um who think it's really interesting but and would love to figure out a way to make it commercially interesting um I I think there there could be something there but uh it's not something you're going to go and raise standard investment dollars for um this is much more of a um a long-term project so this would be something that would have to be you know sort of done with the understanding that it's um less about you know a quick turn on like develop something and then go sell it it's much more about how to rethinking how we would use um this type of a biomarker to optimize longevity got it interesting um speaking of other things that you test I know you use something like Aura ring and things like that to track sleep is there anything else that you use the aura ring for or is it you just put it on when you're sleeping because I I have one as well I'm it feels like sleep is the only thing I get out of it um do you use it any other for any other indicators um yeah I do I I mean I wear mine all the time I don't think it's an especially great activity tracker it's certainly not being optimized for that it has the hardware to do so so I think it would just be a question of um if the company decided that they wanted to pursue activity monitoring they have the hardware to be better than I think anybody anybody else out there but you're right it's really a focus on sleep and recovery at this point and so you know their ability to measure heart rate heart rate variability temperature change um are um certainly on par with what we would consider the gold standards which is you know EKG type readings so so um and I believe they're r squared with an EKG H um HRV measurement is either 097 or 098 so there it's a very accurate device for measuring um heart rate variability so I use it a lot to measure um recovery and sleep those are those are primarily what I'm using it for how do you usually peel back you know things that could affect the variables that could affect your sleep I mean is it just survey of I went to bed at this time I the room was this temperature the lights were this dim hours before just just it's just pure experimentation I mean that's what's sort of beautiful is I've been wearing an aura ring for more than two years and uh you know if I go one night forgetting to put it on because I left it on the charger I'm pissed off because I missed out on one more data point but absolutely I've been able to see how the impact of temperature alcohol food light sleep timing all of these things is stress uh because you know you wear the ring and then do you know urinary collections overnight you can also really start to see how all of these factors come into play so I I think the aura ring and the Dexcom G6 their continuous glucose monitor are you know the stickiest wearables in the history of wearables because you know as eviden by the fact that three years later I I can't stop wearing these things what have you what are those big things that you've learned from from the oring as far as sleep goes you you mentioned a few things but how they affect you specifically uh uh you know one alcoholic beverage doesn't seem to have a huge impact on my sleep two absolutely does two and more uh two two alcoholic beverages after 6 PM which for me is about the only time I'm drinking I'm not at daytime I'm not I'm not having margaritas on the golf course so um if I have two beverages I'm hosed for the night uh my heart rate my resing heart rate will be at least 10 if not 15 beats higher than normal and my heart rate variability will fall by a third if not more my body temperature will also go up by about 0.5 degrees uh the same is true if I eat anything uh too late but it really gets hammered when I eat carbohydrates so last night was uh Halloween and um my uh son and daughter came home with a bunch of bags of crap and uh I don't know I just decided I wanted to try a couple things not that I didn't know how these crappy candies taste having eaten them my whole life but I just thought it would be fun to sit around with them and eat and I didn't have that much you know because those Halloween things are pretty small right but I probably had like five of those little mini chocolate bars of different variables and uh you know that was that was enough to uh produce that same response um whereas I it's probably the case that if I just had uh you know a yogurt or something with that or an equal caloric amount of something that was you know higher in fat and didn't have any sugar in it I probably wouldn't have seen that response um room temperature is Big so if my if I'm not slightly uncomfortable when I get into bed it's too warm has become sort of my Mantra what about the like timing when you go to sleep yeah it's it's a little tough for me because I'm I travel so much and I'm it's it's unusual I'm in the same time zone for more than two weeks that would for me to be in the same time zone for two weeks or longer might happen a couple times a year um so yeah I've learned how to play the time zones um and um I've also learned the impact and benefit of certain supplements especially when I'm in those time zone transitions um you know things like phosphaline uh my good friend Kirk parsley has developed a sleep cocktail that is you know I think hands down the best sleep cocktail the best sleep supplement there is over the market uh in fact period I would take that ahead of any sort of drug like ambient or Lunesta and then as far as the Dexcom G6 goes I actually got one installed a couple weeks ago and put it on my little belly and have learned so much more in the last two weeks about what I eat and how it affects me personally than anything else I've probably ever done so I can relate to the stickiness of that um as far as your thought on why something like continuous blood glucose monitoring is important like can you just give maybe your thoughts on on that well I mean I think one we don't really have a very accurate way to estimate it without continuous glucose monitoring so if I've learned anything over the past 3 years wearing it myself and more importantly I think now putting it on a bunch of patients it's that the hemoglobin A1c while directionally sort of right like you know when someone's hemoglobin A1c is 8% yeah there's a problem when someone's at 4.5% things are pretty good but most things in between that aren't that helpful so just learning that you you don't have another tool to really estimate how well a person regulates their glucose furthermore you don't get any sense of the variability of the number when you're just looking at the uh area under the curve which is all the A1C is even trying to impute um you know I think my My Hope Is that the cost on these things continues to come down which it is uh and within a few years we stopped measuring hemoglobin A1c at least for patients who are interested and we just give everybody a 90-day trial of CGM um and then the other advantage of it of course over a even if the A1C were perfectly accurate it tells you nothing about what happened in the moment so there's no behavioral Insight that comes from this whereas with the CGM you get real-time information especially if you're using Dexcom because you've just got a much better portal and interface with your with your phone and so when you hook up your patients with these devices what do you tell them as far as the goal is it that you want the area into the curve of each meal to be lower is it that you want the velocity of the spike to be lower is that you want the averages to be lower the like what is the goal with creating feedback loops and I guess measuring this continuously you know first I don't impose anything on them I don't give them any goals I just say just do what you just described right which is just play with the thing like figure it out notice what happens when you eat a bunch of raisinets you know you think to yourself how bad could a the chocolate covered raisins be right it's got raisins in it they must be good or forget the chocolate just eat a bunch of raisins eat a bowl of grapes see how it treats you and you pretty quickly start to realize holy cow you know this stuff is really really York in my glucose um look at how stress treats you um look at what changes before and after exercise look at how your tolerance for carbohydrates is higher after a workout than um if you have an exercise so a lot of it is just you could spend three months just exporing the ins and outs of this before you start to you know Target people with goals so if somebody has no idea what we're talking about would you just assume generally that the more stable and like at a certain Baseline is better and that you just want less variation and less under the curve correct you want the you want a lower average glucose and you want the lowest amount of variation possible because each variation comes with a surge of insulin and all things equal we'd like to minimize the area under the curve for insulin and this goes back to saying that the common denominator between the big three things that are going to kill you are essentially insulin resistance so right of which hyperinsulinemia is is probably the biggest culprit what do I mean certainly with a diabetes literature would suggest that right so you have two ways that you can create glycemic control in someone with diabetes so let's just talk about type two diabetes you can control it by taking strategies that lower glucose or you can control it by increasing insulin and getting the so you have two ways to getting the same average glucose level one is a high insulin versus a not high insulin approach and both of those patients if you take those two groups of patients that have you know say reasonable glucose control using strategies that lower glucose versus reasonable glucose control with strategies that raise insulin to do so they have the same microvascular complications meaning their because their glycosilated hemoglobin is similar they get the same degree of retinopathy they get the same degree of amputations and things like that but the macrovascular complications are higher in the high insulin group so you know that points to the independent harm of hyperinsulinemia that go beyond its glycemic issues and what are some of the things that you've personally noticed that were I guess initially surprising to you wearing the CGM um how high my glucose could be at night if if I was under stress was by far the most surprising Insight what was it getting to you I mean it could easily be in the 120s and 130s if I'm really uh you know going through some tough stuff and is it something that you've been able to now control or correct with certain strategies it's something I think I can improve but I I still have a ways to go if if things are going bad then uh I I'm I'm constantly amazed at how high my average glucose levels are in the evening relative to the daytime it's almost like in the daytime you can burn off some more of that cortisol which of course is not really what's happening but it's sort of figuratively seems that way right is this one of those things that looking back maybe 5 10 years ago you have maybe more of appreciation now on how stress and emotions and relationships and just overall non obviously direct bi biological impact can have a an effect on your health absolutely I mean I've I've got patients in my practice for whom they're doing everything right but they their hypercortisolemia is single-handedly ripping them apart um you know they pass their oral glucose tolerance test with flying colors but when you start to measure what their cortisol levels are across the span of a couple of days and you look at their glucose levels in the evenings um you get a real sense of of of how much they're their their hyperemia which again I prefer to think of it that way as opposed to stress because stress I can't quantify but cortisol I can got it um it be you know it's it's an endocrine issue it's definitely an endocrine issue just as hyperinsulinemia is problem and I think the podcast the I mean it was amazing the one you do with the first one with Paul Conti I mean you guys chatted a lot about the manifestation of certain problems with with just levels of stress with people and maybe that you've correlated that to cortisol levels um but yeah I mean it just seems like something that is extremely underrepresented in just General Health Care currently uh so thanks for putting that in the Forefront yeah now that's that was one of my favorite uh discussions not just because Paul's like you know arguably one of my closest friends in the world but you know it's just such an important topic and uh you know Paul's work has had such a profound influence on me personally of course but also on the way I help my patients and uh I I remember in medical school like when Paul said he was going to go into Psychiatry I was like who the hell would go into Psychiatry like I don't even understand like I don't why did you waste all your time coming to medical school sort of thing right and uh now I realize that well I think most psychiatrists are sort of probably taking an overly pharmacologic approach and I do think there's a benefit to pharmacology but it's it's really a field where without the Psychotherapy without the real understanding of what's going on with a person all the drugs in the world world aren't going to do much and and similarly if you decide you never ever ever want to give a person a drug and you only want to rely on on Psychotherapy you're also probably missing out on an opportunity so so the the challenge is sort of knowing what you know how to be the best general contractor means having as many tools as possible and knowing how to use everyone and when to use them well said well doc thanks for be on the show uh why don't you give people I mean we'll put all the links to the podcast we mentioned in the show notes but your P your podcast and where people can find you online yeah so uh most of my world Aggregates at Peter aam md.com and uh my podcast as you alluded to is called the drive which you can get through uh you can get to it through through the website but you can also find it in all the usual spots like uh Apple Store and you know iTunes Spotify um overcast is the way I like to listen to podcast so whatever uh uh whatever people do to listen to podcast you can probably find it all right thanks my pleas all right everyone thanks for listening to another episode of the keto ansers podcast I hope you enjoyed it but even if you didn't I would love a review go over to iTunes wherever you listen to your podcast I'm popping in a review so we can get found by more people get better guests have the information that you need so please go to iTunes wherever you listen to your podcast and leave us a review and if you're new to keto head on over to perpet keto.com slmp podcast and enter your email for all our top tips and guides on getting started with the ketogenic diet thanks and we'll see you next time oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @SingleDigitDriven [2 likes]: Awesome!!! Thanks!!! Very interesting topic about measuring autophagy. I’ve also wondered that many times about what might be optimal. Since April I have done atleast a 48 hr fast each week, and substituting that for a 4-7 day fast about once a month, just to hopefully get the benefits of both shorter and longer.
  2. @bennguyen1313 [1 likes]: Would like to hear Aubrey de Grey on the Drive podcast to discuss longevity.  For example, Aubrey says that Rapamycin is the best of the Calorie Restriction mimetics.. yet CR itself has less impact as you go from worms (500% increase) to longer-lived species like mice (150%), dogs (10%) or monkeys (1%). Therefore, any strategy that utilizes CR, either directly by fasting or indirectly via Ketones/Rapamycin, will not significantly impact aging (<1%).    However, while reducing methionine in mice may increase their lifespan.. in humans, as Peter mentioned, CR/Fasting may offer an alternative benefit, health-span/autophagy .   

Valter Longo, on the High Intensity Health interview (30m12s), mentions that Intermittent Fasting is associated with a 2x increase in gallstones, and an increase in cardiovascular death and overall mortality! 

The other question, I'd like to know is where does taking a daily low-dose aspirin fit within his 2x2 risk/reward matrix.  For example, longevity researcher Maria Knovalenko, suggests it's worth considering.

Regarding sleeping in a slightly uncomfortably-cold room..  I've noticed I fall asleep instantly in a hot bed, and tend to have vivid dreams however I often wake-up after 4-6 hours unable to fall back asleep.   Aside from Doc Parsley's Sleep Remedy, are there any lower cost supplements that can delay the onset of rising cortisol?  Taurine? bacopa monnieri? honey?  

Incidentally, Chris Masterjohn suggests one is most insulin sensitive in the morning, yet others (ex. Adel Moussa on the Muscle Engineer Podcast #16 (31m)),  suggests that one is less insulin sensitive in the morning.. would love get Peter's take.

Regarding MTOR.. longevity pioneer Cynthia Kenyon suggests FOXO is the master energy regulator of the cell.. is it known if MTOR and FOXO are independent paths, or is one upstream of the other?   And do MTOR and IGF1 always move in the same direction?  For example, while higher levels of IGF1/MTOR is ideal in muscle.. only IGF1 appears to be brain-protective  (mtor appears to increase pathology in the brain)?   Would love to hear the nuance of anti-aging MTORC1 vs sugar metabolism mTORC2?

Finally, there is a great Sigma Nutrition podcast #169 with Chad Macias that pumps the breaks on keto as a cancer prevention/therapy strategy.
  3. @theketogenicintermittentfa9618 [1 likes]: This is great info thank you!!! You always have great info! I “borrow” a lot for my channel! Lol, seriously thanks!
  4. @motomatta1: Excellent podcast 🙂👍
  5. @annav7538: Great information, thanks to both of you! I found the effects of stress on cortisol very helpful. It was also helpful to know you believe in the effects of fasting. Two brilliant minds!
  6. @KetOMAD: 47:40 Fascinating argument about what psychiatry should be. 1) There's too much pharmacology in psychiatry, so 2) there needs to be more psychotherapy ... to go along with the drugs. The idea of taking a nutritional approach is simply unworthy of discussion. As with lipidology, no nutritional solution is gonna be satisfactory to Attia without a pharmacological component.
  7. @KetOMAD: 37:10 "The stickiest wearables in the history of wearables."

- Peter Attia: Anti-aging Cure No One Talks About! 50% Chance You’ll Die In A Year If This Happens!: Kind: captions Language: en Death is inevitable, but the rate of decline is very much up to us. But the drawback that young people have is they only begin to realize the inevitability of the decline when it besets them. So your team that came in for testing that are in their 20s, when I'm looking at these results, there were issues that were uncovered that were a concern. And ignoring it doesn't lead to a good outcome when you're 65. But a lot of people have this issue. So it's okay to speak freely about this. Yeah. The biggest concern is that Dr. Dr. Peter Aia is the go-to physician for high performers, celebrities, and anyone serious about unlocking the science behind a longer, stronger, and healthier life. I had a big epiphany at a funeral of a friend of mine who I realized had declined so much during their last decade that when they couldn't do those things that gave them pleasure because of injuries, aches, and pains, they weren't enjoying life. I call it the marginal decade. Wow. Okay. So, what are the most important parts of my health that I should be thinking about for longevity? So there's muscle mass, muscle strength, but we don't have a single metric that we can measure that better predicts how long they will live and how high their V2 max is, which is a maximum amount of oxygen you can consume. And if you compare somebody who is in the top 2% to someone who is in the bottom 25%, there is a 400% difference in their all-c cause mortality over the coming year. But how do I know if it's an issue or not? We'll go into much more detail around that, but the way to avoid this is to train specifically for that marginal decade. And there's so many things that we just do wrong. The sooner you start, the better. So, rule number one, this has always blown my mind a little bit. 53% of you that listen to the show regularly haven't yet subscribed to the show. So, could I ask you for a favor before we start? If you like the show and you like what we do here and you want to support us, the free simple way that you can do just that is by hitting the subscribe button. And my commitment to you is if you do that, then I'll do everything in my power, me and my team, to make sure that this show is better for you every single week. We'll listen to your feedback. We'll find the guests that you want me to speak to and we'll continue to do what we do. Thank you so much. Dr. Peter, what is keeping you busy at the moment in terms of the subjects that you wrote about and outlive, but the work that you do online and the work you do in the variety of businesses that you have? What is keeping you fascinated at the moment? Like what is what does one's mind focus on? I wish I could say one thing. There's probably a few things and maybe that's um not good. Uh maybe the most successful people in life only think about one thing. I would say one of the things I'm thinking a lot about is how to translate outlive into a delivery system uh obviously digitally that basically operationalizes what is in that book in a manner that allows people to with as little friction as possible implement the solutions for themselves. So basically how do you live a longer life? How do you age uh as gracefully as possible and maximize your health span? I think the other thing I'm focused on that is related to that of course but distinct um which I know your team got to participate in a little bit this week was kind of how to train people for their marginal decade right so this idea of we're all going to have a last decade of life I call it the marginal decade just so that we can get comfortable talking about something that people don't like to think about and um I'm convinced that ignoring it and Not thinking about it doesn't lead to a good outcome. Instead, if you prepare for it and train for it like an athlete trains and prepares for their sport, uh you'll have the best version of that possible. Marginal decades and centurion decathlon. Did I say that correctly? Centinarian decathlon. Yep. Centinarian decathlon. Can you explain these two terms to me? Y. So, the marginal decade is the last decade. Last decade of life. Again, it's this weird thing where most people don't know the day they've entered it, but most people also realize at some point when they're in it. Um, I thought a lot about it. This was sort of a big epiphany that I had in 2018 when I was sitting in the in the church at a funeral of the parent of a friend of mine who's who I realized had declined so much during the last decade of their life that even though they were alive they weren't enjoying life. The things that they loved to do in the case of this individual play golf and tend to the garden they couldn't do. they just physically couldn't do it right. They had injuries. They had aches and pains. And when they couldn't do those things that gave them pleasure, they retreated from life. And I I I don't think there's a person listening to us who can't appreciate that because they they've witnessed it, right? They've seen it in a parent, a grandparent, a loved one. And I don't know, there was just something about that moment, which is often the case, right? It's usually like years and years of thinking about something and it crystallizes in an instant. But in that moment, I realized aha the way to avoid this is to train specifically for that decade. And the best model for how to do that is to look at athletes because every athlete trains with specificity, right? So think think of like all the different types of athletes you would know. So if you think about like a sprinter or a basketball player or a football player, they are so different and very little of their training looks like the other guy. And the reason for that is they're doing something very specific, right? The sprinter has a goal which is to move 100 meters as fast as possible. That's it. And that requires a certain set of skills. And the footballer has a totally different goal. Yes, he has to be able to run fast for short distances, but just being able to run fast would not produce in, you know, superior results. And then the basketball player would be different. And then the skier would have a totally different set of skills. So I said, "Well, who's the most well-rounded athlete out there?" It's the decathlete because that guy's got to do 10 different things really well. Now, he or she doesn't have to be the best in the world at those 10. In fact, they never are. But overall they're considered the best athlete because of the diversity and breadth of what they can do. And so I said that is our model. So what is the centinarian decathlon then is I say to you Stephen one day you are going to be in your marginal decade. What do you want to be able to do physically athletically in that last decade? It's the answer is so clear to me because it's associated with all the things that make me happy. So it would be being able to explore the world still with my partner, my romantic partner. It would be But I would even dig further. Tell me what that looks like. Okay. So I went to Bali. Mhm. And me and my girlfriend wanted to go white water rafting. And to get down to the white water rafts in Bali, we had to walk down and then up again. Mhm. About a 100 meters of stairs. And as I went down those stairs, I had one of those moments that it sounds like you had at the funeral where I realized that my dad could not walk down these stairs. He couldn't walk down them and he couldn't walk up them. And by the way, it's a different reason. I'm going to point this out and I want to come back to your story. Walking down is not about endurance. Walking down is about eccentric strength in the quads to be able to uh decelerate the body as it's moving down. Very important. Coming up is about concentric strength in the quads and glutes. and endurance. Okay. All right. But continue. No, that's a really good point because they're two different training systems. And then the reason why that was so important was because of the great time I had in the white water raft with my girlfriend. So going down that lake through barley and I thought, gosh, it hadn't if I'm not careful and I don't think about this, I won't be able to have these experiences when I'm 60. What was involved in being in the raft? Yeah. So, a lot of strength required to like row um to keep us away from the rocks um to push us off when we got stuck. Um fall in the water, get it back in the boat. Absolutely. Think about the scapular stability that's required. Think about the upper body strength you need to lift yourself back into a boat if you fall. I mean, the list goes on and on and on. And it was it was it took a long time. We were out there for two hours going through this lake. So, the other thing I think about is Christmas. And I I think about my nieces. So, my brother's a year older than me and he has three kids under the age of six. And you know what that's like? These kids just sprint off in every direction. And they'll say to my dad, they'll say, "Come and play in the garden." And my dad um wouldn't be able to play with them in the garden the way that they would want to play in the garden, running around um being chased around. So, my dad just watches them from the kitchen. And so, these are just obviously all the emotional things come to mind first because those are the things that stay with us. I'll give you one more. Um, the other thing that comes to mind as a man is just being able to protect my family. And I don't necessarily mean wrestle an intruder, but I mean like lift things. And um, if something falls, being able to pick it up and move it. So those are the things that come come to mind first and foremost. It's protection, it's memories, it's activities that create relationships and connection. I mean, that's exactly the exercise we do, right? we take people through, give us the 10 most important things you want to be able to do. So like if you start with, I want to be able to go back to Bali and I want to be able to go down those hundred stairs, get in the raft, go down the river, come back up the stairs, that gets broken down into very specific movement patterns. Playing football with the kids out back gets broken down into very specific movement patterns. By the way, they're very different, right? That one comes down much more to foot reactivity, lateral movement, things like that. Being able to pick something up off the floor is yet another set of movement patterns. It turns out there are approximately 27 physical requirements that are necessary to do the sum total of most things people want to do. Part of the reason why I think people don't care enough is because they see aging as inevitable. Mhm. So they look at their their parents, their grandparents, and go they're immobile. They can't function properly. That's my destiny. It's genetic. Obviously, I don't agree with that. Although I have tremendous empathy for people who might feel that way. It's uh when you see something as ubiquitous as the decline of untold numbers of people as they age, it would be very easy and tempting to say that that is the inevitability of our species. Death is inevitable despite what some biohackers may tell you. Um decline is inevitable but the rate of decline is very much up to us and the preservation of strength, stamina, movement capacity, uh those things are largely up to us. In fact, there are actual data that demonstrate quite clearly. In fact, I was just reading a paper yesterday in in the journal Cell that looked at the role of exercise in aging individuals to preserve mitochondrial function. So, this is a study that looked at older individuals and it randomized one group to a significant amount of exercise and the other group was just sort of business as usual being largely sedentary. And then using pretty elaborate techniques where you biopsy the muscle, they look at the mitochondria which are the kind of the powerhouse of the cell in these individuals. And it turned out that in the people who were exercising, there was very little decline in the mitochondrial function compared to what happened in the people who were not exercising. Now, just because your mitochondria continue to function well doesn't mean all aspects of aging are offset. But it's a very important one to demonstrate. And this is also true by the way of strength and endurance. There's a big difference in the rate of decline of muscle mass, muscle strength, and cardiopulmonary fitness in people who exercise versus who don't. So, it's all kind of a long-winded way of saying um you have as an individual so much more under your control than you realize, but you have to sort of begin to compounding the gains. I'll do it when I'm 50. Well, look, the good news is 50 isn't too old. And I've met many people who don't begin to do this until they're 50. But again, the analogy I would use here is comparable to that of investing for retirement. The longer you wait, uh, the less money you're probably going to have at the end. Springs to mind this graph I saw the other day which I'd sent to my friends which shows that, um, the the decline, I think it was in muscle mass from when you're 30. And it makes the point that there's this line which on this graph called disability. And it shows that people who didn't have enough muscle mass when they were 30 cross the line of disability when they're 70. Uh and those that did have more muscle mass at 30 don't don't get close to that line. Um so that for me was shocking because it goes to show that what I do now is going to determine whether I'm, you know, by all intents of measures disabled when I'm 70 or if I'm able. The sooner you start, the better. The drawback that young people have is I mean, you've had a you've had a great experience because you're you're introspective about it and you've been able to observe it in somebody older. So, you've been able to gather motivation without having to experience the decline yourself. Um, so that's a that's a wonderful position to be in. For many people, that's not the case. They only begin to realize the inevitability of the decline when it besets them. But the way to think about this again is another analogy is that of a glider. So gliders eventually all have to come down, right? Our health span is basically a glider, but we have a lot of control about how long it stays in the air based on how high we can start it. So if you think about, you know, would you rather take a glider off a really high cliff or off a low cliff, that's the that's the decision we get to make. And and we sort of call that concept physiologic headroom. So the example you gave is a great one, right? So muscle mass, muscle strength provide an enormous amount of physiologic headroom as does cardopulinary fitness. These are huge variables that make all the difference. and everyone's coming down, but the fitter you are, the slower the rate of decline and therefore the longer it takes before you cross below a threshold. And that threshold differs by different metrics, but once you're below that threshold, it's very difficult to engage in activities of enjoyment. Peter, you're 51 now. 52. 52. What do you wish someone had told you when you were 32? I'm 32 years old. What do you wish um someone had screamed in your face and told you when you were my age? It wouldn't have been much about exercise. It would have been more about other aspects of life for sure. Um because for whatever reason, I've always gravitated towards exercise. That's always been a very high priority for me. So, I think my advice to 32-year-old Peter would be much more about um relationships and emotional health. But if I could go back and speak to 14-year-old Peter, he a he wouldn't have listened, but I would have begged him to go a little bit easier on his body and back off on certain things that probably have led to injuries I have today that could have been prevented. Can I ask what they said things are? Sure. Um, I think I I think I lifted far too heavy far too often and probably without enough coaching on technique. And so, you know, I by the time I was 27, I had a devastating back injury, but it's one of those things that happened without any incident, which which is often the case, by the way, for a back injury. When you really blow out a disc in your back, it's not necessarily something you did in that moment. It's usually something that's been built up from the past. So, this injury I had at the age of 27 really was the result of years of unnecessarily heavy axial loading uh loading done with probably insufficient technique, you know, or technique that was at times sloppy and under fatigue because I used to do a lot under fatigue. You know, I sort of believed in training under a lot of fatigue and and I I think that that's a mistake. I think that training under very heavy load should not be done under great fatigue. Interesting. We'll talk about that as well. On that point of advice that you gave me there about emotional health. One of the things that's been very front of mind for me at the moment is men's health, specifically men's emotional health because I read a report that came out in March called Lost Boys and it just details this pretty horrific picture of men's emotional health in the UK at the moment in particular, but the trend holds around the world. and it came out in the start of March. It's been in all the newspapers in the UK and it details a couple of sort of headline stats. The reverse gender pay gap amongst young men. So women are now earning more. You know the stats probably around um soon for every yeah suicide and one in seven young men are unemployed or out of work. All these sort of horrific stats and then it compounds with things like suicide suicidal ideation etc etc. I was thinking about this this morning when I was listening to some of your your work. I was thinking I wonder what Peter's perspective is on what it is to be a man. Actually, it does kind of dovetail into some of your work around testosterone and the decline in testosterone. And because one of the things I was thinking about is how testosterone plays a role in what it is to be a man, but if you look at the stats around testosterone, um it appears to be declining. Yes. And I say this in part as well because testosterone causes a certain set of behaviors um in men that define and shape what a man is and what they want and how they show up. And even when I said earlier on protection as one of the three things I cared about, that's probably in part because of the testosterone in me. This debate around testosterone, this conversation around testosterone um and its decline, is it declining? It is. It is. Why is it declining and what and is this does it matter? Well, I think the second question is easier to answer than the first. I do think it matters. Um the the the why is probably multiffactorial and the why is just as important as the fact that it is. In other words, the fact that it's declining is both relevant for the fact that a very very important hormone that has incredible benefit to men uh and women by the way is going down. And we have to come up with a an answer to that, right? Like so how do we address that? Do we address it medically where we replace that hormone exogenously, meaning we give you that hormone directly or do we try to fix the underlying problem? So if you want to do the latter, you have to know what the underlying problem is. Now at the population level, the best answer as to why testosterone levels are declining and um unmistakably they are. So the data here are unambiguous. There's no debate on this fact. Um the debate is around the why. I believe that the best answer probably has to do with two things. Uh one is uh increase in body weight and fat, body fat specifically in men. Um and uh some combination of uh reduced quality of sleep and um and and and sort of disruption to sleep. So so why are those two things relevant? So when you increase body fat, two things are happening. One is you're increasing inflammation and you are reducing the amount of testosterone that gets to stay in the form of testosterone because part of the testosterone gets converted into estrogen. So with body fat comes more of this process called aromatization or converting testosterone into estrogen. So if you think about what those two things are doing, if you have more inflammation, that reduces your ability to make testosterone and you have more capacity to turn the less testosterone you make into estrogen, the net result of that is both of those things are reducing your total pool of testosterone. If you couple that with less, you know, lower quality sleep, and I'm not talking about over the last three years, I'm comparing like now to say 40 years ago. And what are all the reasons that people might have poorer quality of sleep? Now I think there are many but obviously phones and social media and uh just the stimulation of the world we live in probably plays a greater role in that. Sleep is when we make these hormones, right? So so so we we make follicle stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone at their maximum amount during sleep and those are the hormones that are driving the production of testosterone. So, what we've seen in many of our patients when they have low testosterone, because there's a test you can do to see if their testosterone is low because their body can't make it or because their brain isn't receiving enough of a signal to make it. This is a very easy thing to determine medically. Unfortunately, most people aren't subjected to that level of testing because they go to these testosterone shops on street corners that are just giving everybody testosterone. But if if if a physician is curious enough to understand that you can give a patient a drug or a hormone called hCG. HCG is luteinizing hormone which is one of the hormones made by the brain. So if you come in and you see a man who's got very low testosterone and you can understand why you give him luteinizing hormone. If he still has low testosterone, you know that he has what's called primary hypogonatism, which means his testosterone is low because his testes can't make testosterone. Conversely, if you give the man luteinizing hormone and all of a sudden his testosterone goes up, he has secondary hypogonadism or I mean, you could mix the primary secondary there, but really what it the terminology doesn't mean anything. what matters is he can make testosterone, but for some reason his brain isn't giving his body the signal to do it. And that's that's a classic finding in a person who's under high stress and or not sleeping well. So that's a long-winded answer to your question, but I think that those are probably the greatest contributors to this. Now, people have talked a lot about what about microplastics, what about other environmental factors, what about other factors in nutrition beyond just the ones that would contribute to excess body fat. The evidence there is less compelling, but I don't think we should discount it. But I I think I think that that if those things are playing a role, it is probably much smaller than than what we just talked about. I was thinking as you were speaking about sleep and testosterone about how and also the link there with bad diets, how if I've not slept well, I wake up and make worse food choices for sure. And I was like, is that like dopamine dysfunction? Probably more due to insulin signaling. So um we know from ex really good experimental studies that when you sleepdeprive people they become insulin resistant and the more insulin resistant a person is the less they're able to access their stored uh energy. So higher insulin resistance means greater difficulty accessing stored energy. So, if you're if you wake up and you're if you know if you have successive days of poor sleep and you're becoming somewhat insulin resistant, um you're going to want to eat more because you're not able to access your own natural stores of fat, which is where we want to go for energy. So, if you look at one experiment that was done out of the University of Chicago, they they took uh healthy subjects, young young subjects, and sleepd deprived them for somewhere between 10 and 14 days. So, not a huge period of time. And they only let them sleep four hours a night, which by the way, I know a lot of people who were doing that for years at a time. In in that 10 to 14 day period of time, their insulin resistance was worsened by 50%. This is in other words they they do an experiment called a uglycemic clamp where they inject them with glucose to see how effectively they can put glucose into their cells which is that's the that's the hallmark of insulin sensitivity is how well you can put glucose into your muscles when it's infused in you and their capacity to do that was reduced by 50%. after such a short intervention. Um, so I think sleep uh restriction and unhealthy sleep is a is a very underappreciated cause of metabolic health and weight gain and then by extension these other things we're talking about. It seems to me to be the thing furthest upstream in my life that then causes this cascading effect to how I show up in sort of cognitive performance. How well I can articulate myself if I go to the gym, how hard my workout is, if I choose healthy options versus unhealthy options. So it feels like the and mood in general. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, I I I've said this before and I'm not the first to say this, so I'm paraphrasing others, but if you really stop to think about it, sleep doesn't make a lot of sense from an evolutionary perspective. Like, if you go back in time a few hundred thousand years, why would we have spent a third of our life unconscious? It didn't serve our purpose. You can't mate, you can't hunt, and you can't defend yourself. So you have to believe that if we could have evolved out of it, we would have done it and we didn't. So that means that whatever it's doing, it must be really important. I mean core essential to our existence. While I will completely acknowledge that different people have a different necessity or requirement for how much they sleep, I still think that many people underestimate how much they need. You know, you asked me at the start, you said, um, what are the things that you want to do when you reach your marginal decade? And I gave you my answer. What's your answer to that now that you're a father in heaven or in a different season of life? Well, they're very similar to the types of things you're thinking about. And I love how you've got specific examples. So, I really like playing with my kids, right? So, I can imagine that in my marginal decade, I'll have grandkids that are the age of my kids. Yeah. Right. And and you know, maybe a bit older, but but as I'm even getting towards that marginal decade. Okay. So, playing sports is really, really fun. I really like playing especially because when I grew up like I played hockey because I grew up in Canada and then I immediately went into kind of boxing and martial arts and those became my life. So now playing sports that I didn't play much as a kid is really fun. Like I'm really enjoying baseball. I'm really enjoying soccer. And um and so when you play these things, you realize this is not an easy thing to do when you get old. Like to sit in the, you know, to play to sit in the goal and actually like stop a ball when a kid is blasting at you full stop. You have to be able to move around. So again, like I would love to be able to play soccer, throw a football, throw and hit a baseball as long as possible. you can get into movements that are much simpler. Uh, but if I can do all of those things, I'm in great shape. Now, of course, to be able to do that, I also need to be able to do a lot of things that many people also can't do in their marginal decade, like sit on the floor, get up off the floor under their own power, um, you know, walk up x number of flights of stairs, having the strength to do that. I like doing certain things like I like archery a lot. So it's, you know, I want to be able to pull a bow back. Obviously not at the same poundage as the current bow that I pull back, but I would still like to be able to pull a 50 lb bow back in the final decade of my life. And when you think about all those things you want to accomplish, if we were then to sort of codify them into a bunch of exercises or areas of your health that you had to now be thinking about that I needed to be thinking about, what are the most important things? So, I'm a 32-year-old. What are what are the most important parts of my health that I should be thinking about if I want to achieve all the things that I said to you in my final decade? No one in the final decade of their life ever said, "I wish I had less strength and I wish I I wish I had less endurance." So, you cannot be too strong and you cannot be too fit. The only time that one would throttle back on the pursuit of those is a if doing so is come at the expense of something else either with respect to your health or your life and two if the pursuit of that at such an extreme level produces risk of injury. Okay. So in other words, could I be stronger than I am today? Yes. Uh I'll give you an example. We know that in resistance training, the sweet spot for pure strength is one to five reps. When your goal is to maximize strength, you need to be pushing 1 2 3 4 five reps. Once you start thinking about hypertrophy, muscle size, we're starting to think about 7 8 9 10 11 12 reps. Once we start thinking about muscular endurance, we start thinking about north of 15, right? Those are the general patterns of resistance training. So, if I want to build my muscles because I'm going for aesthetic goals, then I need to be aiming above five reps. I need to be 10 or 12. But if I'm just purely thinking about strength, bigger weights, but lower reps. That's exactly right. Okay. And then if I got muscular endurance, which be even higher reps. Okay. Lower weight. Yep. Okay. So, again, we could go into much more detail around that, but just to finish the point here, why do I not do much training at one to five reps? In fact, these days I don't do any training at 1 to five reps anymore. Why? Because to train at 1 to five reps comes at a risk. Okay? Especially for heavy compound movements. So like I'm, you know, I'm okay getting a little bit less of a strength benefit while still of course getting stronger, but training at a higher rep load. So I'm typically so I'm targeting 8 to 12 reps with one to two reps in reserve is basically how I'm doing my resistance training. That means every set I'm doing I would expect to get to within about one rep of failure somewhere. So today when I lifted I don't think I did less than seven. I didn't do more than 12. And the weight was always titrated so that I was either failing, almost failing, or one rep away from failing somewhere in there. And I was adjusting the weight constantly on every exercise to get there with the exception of one exercise. I did. Push-ups was one of the things I did. Push-ups are kind of more in the muscle endurance. Obviously, I'm doing more reps when I was doing push-ups, but pretty much everything else was in that range. So again, I'm not fully maximizing strength anymore because the cost of it might be a little bit high in terms of injury risk. Similarly, I'm not strength training 24/7 because I need to make time to do my endurance training and other types of training. How often do you train uh resistance training? I resistance training three times a week. And how often do you train generally? And I train every day. Every day. Yeah. Why? Because, you know, again, the the intensity of my training is not that high. At least three days a week. So the three resistance days are pretty hard because I'm really only doing each body part once a week. So when I'm doing it, I'm really I'll spend that 90 minutes really kind of hammering those body parts. Three of those days are just zone two. So, my three three of my four cardio days are zone two days where I'm doing, you know, I'm on a bike and I am riding at a level of intensity that actually allows me to still talk some, you know, not not talk like I am now, but talking in a sort of a strained way. So, for me, that's about a heart rate of 140 beats per minute. And that's just not that's just not taking a huge toll on me. like that. Those are almost like recovery days for me. And then one day a week I do a a really really hard V2 max day and that's that's a really hard day. That burns a lot of matches. That's tomorrow. Not looking forward to it already. Do you do cardio on your resistance training days as well? No, I don't. So, it's the seven day. It's four days of cardio, three days of uh of resistance. Now, that's going to change in the summer when I'm going to add 3 days of swimming. Um, and I will end up doing some swims on some resistance days. So, before you do your resistance workout, you don't go on the stepper for 20 minutes or cycle for 20 minutes or something. I don't. Is there a particular reason why? It wouldn't really serve a purpose. Um, I So, I I know a lot of people do that. I know a lot of people will say, "Hey, I'm going to do a little bit of a warm up on this treadmill or the stepmaster before I lift." But I actually have a pretty strong point of view on how we should warm up to lift. And I don't think walking on the treadmill or running on the treadmill or being on the stairmaster or on the bike is a great prep for the lift. I think it's better to warm up for a lift doing movements that prepare you to lift. So for example, like if it's a leg day, so Monday's leg day, right? So what am I going to do? I'm going to start by doing a bunch of core stabilizing stuff. So, I'm going to do a whole bunch of this dynamic neuromuscular stabilization stuff. So, you get into basically these baby positions and you really learn to activate your core as you move around in a six-month position and stuff like that. I then do a whole bunch of um like do you know what a 9090 is or a shinbox exercise is um where you're you're kind of on the ground in a position where you're really is you know uh you can start out doing it isometrically but ultimately going through uh a slow eccentric and concentric phase of movement that's kind of activating glutes. So I go through basically a whole DNS sequence. Then I get into a dynamic movement prep. So then I get into a bunch of bouncing, a bunch of footwork. Um, and then I start with really light weights. So I'll go to a leg extension machine and do very, very light leg extensions, very, very light leg curls. Come back and do more jumping and moving and lunging and go back and forth. So I'll spend 20 minutes doing a warm-up, but the warm-up is geared for me to lift. Whereas if I had just sat on a bike and pedal around, that doesn't actually replicate any of the movements I'm going to do when I start loading myself. I've got particularly concerned about injury. Yeah. Now that I'm 32, because when I was bloody 20, I could do almost anything, it seemed, and nothing would break. But I had a couple of injuries when doing like shoulder presses and things like that. And one of my friends had a similar injury recently which took him out for three or four months where he did a shoulder press, pulled something in his back or something, his like neck. Yeah. And then he couldn't like turn his head anymore. In terms of injury, if I wanted to get injured, am I right in thinking that the the thing that leads to injury is basically just walking straight in and trying to lift something heavy? Or is there things further upstream that cause injury in the gym? No, there's I mean that's one way to increase your risk of injury for sure. Uh but but yes, there are other ways that it can happen and I think about it a lot. I mean one of the injuries I think a lot about are calf injuries, Achilles injuries, sort of tendon injuries. This is, I think, one of the things that becomes a real problem for people as they age. You know, you you often hear about people my age, uh, tearing an Achilles. It's a devastating injury. Now, again, it's not devastating in that you won't recover from it, but boy, it's going to take you out of commission for 6 months. So, a lot of these injuries happen because the individual still has strength, um, but they've they've kind of lost some of the pliability in the tendon because they've kind of lost some of the jumping. That's why I always start these workouts with low level of jumping and I'll progress to higher levels of jumping. But jumping is actually a very important part of training and it's one of the things that we take for granted. But boy, when your ability to jump is gone, and jumping, by the way, can mean like just initiating a jump. But it can also mean jumping off something and stopping yourself. Those are really important skills. And so like something like jumping rope is really important, right? Your feet are just kind of moving like that. They're they're acting as shock absorbers. Calfs and Achilles have to constantly change in length. And that accommodation is a really important part of resilience. And I think that should that should be an important part of everybody's warm-up at a minimum, if not part of their workout. One thing I'd love you to do is to persuade people listening that muscle mass matters for longevity because um and also if you can within that that leg day matters because we all avoid leg day including me and sometimes I need to be told again why why it matters for me to add it. Well, I mean, I think look, muscle mass um is is probably the second most highly uh correlated finding uh or third most to longevity after strength and cardiorespiratory fitness V2 max. So, why is that? Um so, first of all, I think that muscle mass is both directly a proxy for strength in general. The more muscle you have, the stronger you are. We all know exceptions to that. We know wiry little people who are insanely strong. And I have patients like that. They're just naturally, you know, thin people. But when we put them through the testing protocols, you know, they're remarkable in terms of their strength. And I tend to not worry about the fact that they're slight in build when when I see that they're strong across the board. There is another benefit of muscle mass which is it's the place where you dispose of glucose. So from a metabolic perspective, the more muscle mass you have, the more glucose buffering capacity you have. And why does that matter as I age? Because you know, one of the hallmarks of aging is a reduction in the capacity to metabolize and buffer glucose. And so as as glucose levels become less and less regulated, all sorts of bad things happen. uh bad things happen to micro vessels in the body. So we if you think of the most extreme example of this is type two diabetes. So once a person has type two diabetes, what are they at risk for? They're at the risk of reduced vision and ultimately blindness, amputations of their digits, impetence, right? The penis has tons of tiny blood vessels in it and the more that you know glycosillated proteins accumulate there, the less they get blood flow and obviously damage to the small blood vessels of the brain as well. So all of these things are hugely problematic when glucose is disregulated. And again, the most important thing that you can do to regulate glucose in addition to the obvious, which is eating energy balance, not eating too much, is making sure you have large insulin sensitive muscles, which means large muscles in the context of an individual who's sleeping well and exercising. And you're going to basically have a great place to put all of that glucose when you consume it. And is that going to save off me getting belly fat because my glucose is going to be stored in the muscles as opposed to somewhere else or again it all depends on the total energy balance. But yes, it's clearly going to make a difference, right? So one of the shest ways to um reduce your capacity to store fat is to add more muscle. Okay. Um I I did the grip strength test. I've done it twice now. And meaning you did one of the like grip meters or you did a hanging test. The uh one of the grip grip meters. actually did it at Brian Johnson's house and then I but I also did it with Andy Galpin and people tell me it's a indicator of longevity but I've never really understood why is it just testing my strength. Yeah. Um grip strength of all the strength metrics it's one of the most highly correlated with longevity. We actually prefer to do it like at 10 squared where your colleagues tested yesterday. We prefer to do it on a dead hang. So, we make them hang from a bar. Um, and we just time how long they can hang. So, that that's a really good metric of your grip strength because it's also normalized to your weight. Okay. So, uh, so we we want to see that people can hang for at least two minutes on a bar. And so, the question is why is that so highly correlated with longevity? And it's what you said. It's it's it's strength. Uh, and the reason for it is it's really hard to be strong anywhere in the upper body if your grip is weak. Like if you think about being able to push, especially being able to pull, like all of the real metrics of upper body strength require a strong grip. And if you have a strong grip, you have a strong hand, you have a strong forearm, you have a strong scapula that is connected to your rib cage, like it goes up the whole chain. That's another reason why we like the dead hang as a way to test it because the dead hang is testing everything. It's testing your actual grip. It's testing your scapular stabilization, the stability of your shoulder. It's basically testing that entire chain. And then I also think there's a practical side of this, right? when when you know it's very underappreciated what frailty does to an aging individual and what sarcopenia loss of muscle mass does to an aging person and and what it is about falling that is so devastating to an older person and the stronger your grip the easier you're able to navigate a lot of those things right it just seems unthinkable that falling is something I should be thinking about at 32 in the future like cuz my seems ridiculous it seems ridiculous yeah and yet it is devastating. So once you reach the age of 65, which that ain't that far. I mean, if you you know 65 year olds all day long, that does that's not a that's not a very old person. Yeah. Once you reach the age of 65, your mortality from a fall that results in a broken hip or femur is 15 to 30%. Think just think that is such a staggering number. So, you're over 65, you fall, and that fall results in the break of a femur or hip. There's a 15 to 30% chance you'll be dead within a year. What kills me? It could be something very acute like you bang, you know, the fall that's significant enough to do that also bangs your head. It could be that you get a fat embolism, you get a blood clot. It could be that, you know, during the recovery process of this, you just never really get better. You never thrive again. I think a more disturbing statistic is that of all the people who survive, 50% will never again regain the level of function they had before the injury. Wow. So they will require a cane for the rest of their life or something like that. Um now there are lots of things that account for that. Andy Galpin, who you mentioned a moment ago, talks a lot about this, but it's a lot of it comes down to foot explosiveness, power. So the reason you're not really afraid of falling like when was the last time you were walking and you your your foot caught something and you you slipped like yesterday. Yeah, quite often. Yeah, exactly. Why don't you fall when that happens? Because I can quickly readjust, right? That's power. Okay, so you have the power in your foot to readjust when you lose your step. You step off a curb not realizing it, it doesn't matter. You readjust. Okay, those are a very very specific muscle fiber that is responsible for that. It's called the type 2B muscle fiber. That is the first fiber that atrophies when you age. In fact, you're already at your peak. It's all downhill from where you are now. Thank you so much. Yes. So, I'm I'm already 20 years past you and my power is a fraction of what it was 20 years ago. Now, I fight like hell based on the exercises I do to try to make to try to keep it as high as possible. So the reason that these, you know, people who are in their 70s are falling all the time is people think it's a balance thing. It's not just a balance thing, right? It's that they're undergoing the same insult you and I undergo on a daily basis. But the difference is their probability of being able to catch it either through the explosiveness of their foot or their lower leg coupled with maybe not being able to grab onto something as quickly and adjust. Uh it's a power deficit problem. So, what do I have to train now at 32 to ensure that specifically the example of hitting something and quickly being able to adjust? Um, I'm able to do that when I'm 70. I think jumping is a great way to do this, right? So, so I mean I use certain specialized pieces of equipment that actually have power built into it because power is different from strength, right? So, strength is really the ability to is is just the ability to move a force independent of the speed at which you move it. Power is the maximum combination of force and speed. Okay? So if you on the on the on the um x axis if you were to put force and on the y-axis if you were to put power the curve is an inverted u. So as the force or the weight that you're moving goes up and you're trying to move it as fast as you can, you're getting more and more and more and more power. But then at some point the weight gets so heavy that even as you continue to move it, it's going slower and slower and slower. So your power is going down. So there's a sweet spot there. So one of the things I do is there's certain specialized pieces of equipment that allow you to train in that way. So I definitely rely on a lot of those. But even if you don't have access to that machine, jumping is a really important way to generate power. So if you're just doing a vertical jump, that's a that's power. What about balance? I I was at Brian Johnson's house and as he was cooking his I don't know breakfast or lunch or whatever, he was balancing on a half ball. You've seen one of those things. Yeah. Yeah. I I don't think I asked him why he was balancing on it, but I assume it was to do with balance and the certain muscles in the in the leg. There are lots of exercises that are great for balance. Um, anything that produces instability is great because it's uh, you know, for lack of a better term, I've heard it described as problem solving for your foot. Okay? Right? So, so if you think about being on any unstable surface, even if you're just walking on an unstable surface, so if you if you were to look at a person's foot, their lower leg actually, as they're walking on a surface that's constantly changing, so like a gravel path or something like that, you're going to see like if this were my lower leg, you would see the musculature of the lower leg constantly adjusting to it. And so, yeah, I'm I really enjoy things that force that type of training. Do you do flexibility stuff? Yeah. So, I'm actually naturally a pretty lax person. So, I don't do any stretching if that's what you're asking. But all of the sort of stability and dynamic stuff I do incorporates movement at end ranges. So, um I I'll give you an example of why I think the notion of flexibility might be a little bit misunderstood. If you ask a person to stand up and with their legs straight touch their toes, most people would say that's a great test of flexibility in the hamstring, right? And most people can't do that. What they don't realize is everybody's hamstrings are long enough to allow them to do that. The reason they can't do it is their central nervous system will not release them to do it. Does that make sense? Interesting. The central nervous system won't release them to do it. That's right. It doesn't feel safe for them to do it. Now, how do I know this? Because if you take a person under general anesthesia, you can put them into almost any position possible. So, if you took a person under general anesthesia, laid them on the operating room table, you could lift their leg up to here. When they're awake, you couldn't get it past here. When they wake up from surgery, will they have a torn hamstring? Not at all. They won't even know their leg was moved. The difference is when they're under general anesthesia, their brain is not sending a signal to the leg that says don't lift. So why is the why is the leg why is the brain doing that to the individual? This is how I learned it on a personal level. So about six years ago, I had tweaked my back and had just done a, you know, unnecessarily heavy set of deadlifts and just pushed it a little too far. And I was kind of nursing this this sort of, you know, just very very tight QL. I was completely jammed up. And I came in to to do some training with a friend of mine who's one of the guys that actually he is really the guy that introduced me to this thing called DNS, dynamic neuromuscular stabilization. And I mean, I was stiff as a board. I couldn't, you know, get past my knees bending forward and I'd been hurting for like three days. And we went through a series of exercises for 40 minutes, which included me laying on my back with my legs up, him leaning on top of me, so my feet are here on his chest and doing isomemmetric pushes while working on uh generating intraabdominal pressure. And after an yeah maybe 40 minutes of this type of exercises, I was palms on the floor. Now, how do I go from not being able to get to my knees to palms on the floor in 40 minutes with three days of horrible back pain? The difference is when I my back was hurting, it was my body was not going to let me go down, right? The body was saying, "No way. your back. I'm protecting you because you were you are not stable. You're not going to go any further. And what we went through with this exercise and a series of exercises was basically I mean I'm oversimplifying this and sort of anthropomorphizing it, but letting my brain know it's okay. You're stable. You're stable. You're stable. The back is safe. The back is safe. Let him go. And then ah I'm palms on the floor. So I love testing this. Sometimes I'll just wake up in the morning and do five minutes of breathing exercises when I'm stiff as a board and just get into a you know position on the floor. Why the breathing breathing exercises? Because that's really how it's the it's the the breathing is how I kind of create this cylinder in my abdomen to sort of push the you know push the the the floor of the cylinder down as the pelvic wall. The diaphragm is the se cylinder uh the top and then the the entire you know entirety of my abdomen is the wall of the cylinder. And so I kind of go through these exercises every single day, usually on my back actually. That's kind of like part of my warm-up and and it's just a way to kind of ground myself around creating uh concentric pressure in the abdomen. Just to get some tips from you around your your strength training regime. Um how many exercises do you do? What does I'm really curious. So you train three days a week doing strength and resistance stuff. Do you do like shoulders and back and um as like a pet like you know people it's just totally Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So on Monday Monday is uh is pure lower body. Okay. And uh uh Wednesday is arms and shoulders and Friday is uh chest and back. Okay. Super simple like nothing nothing no rocket science. An hour uh I mean it's it's a like an hour and a half of lifting play plus maybe 20 minutes of the warm-up stuff. So on the chest and back day, how many chest exercises are you doing? Four. Four. Okay. And then four on back. Yeah. Okay. And I just I'm just super setting them. And I'm going to do maybe five sets of each. So five working sets. So there's a lot of warm-up in there, too. Um and I'll also do some other stuff like some medball slams or things like that as well. There's been this huge rise in people doing these um high roxes and sort of elite endurance events and and such. really interesting that it's become so popular. Even things like running clubs, I know, but the fact that people are more people are doing marathons now than ever before. Why do you think this is happening? I don't know. I mean, I think it's a very net positive thing, though. I mean, I I I I do think that there's um more and more people that are taking up things like rucking and running and and you know, finding camaraderie in these things. The only thing I hope is that that people are doing it in a manner that's sustainable and safe and allows them to do it indefinitely. So I, you know, I just I'm always hopeful that whatever thing that people are doing, they're not injuring themselves cuz again, rule number one is don't get injured. So So you're, you know, you're you're you're playing uh you're playing, you want the game, the name of the game is to play the game as long as possible. In front of me, I have a bunch of different graphs and images. Um, and they some of them relate to a word you said earlier on, which is V2 max. And this is something I've heard you talk about previously, but for anyone that doesn't understand what V2 max is or why it's important, um, can you explain what it is and why it's so critical to longevity and health span? I think most people will be familiar with the idea that we are obligate anorobes, which in English means we cannot survive without oxygen. Okay. So why is that? So oxygen is absolutely essential to catalyze the chemical reaction that turns food into a currency for energy called ATP. So everybody's probably heard of ATP. ATP is the money, the currency of energy in our body. Anything that interrupts the production of ATP is fatal. So an extreme example of that is cyanide. Everyone's heard of cyanide as a poison. If you take cyanide, you'll be dead within seconds because cyanide blocks one of the transporters in the production of ATP. So that just gives you a sense of how critical it is to have an infinite and abundant supply of ATP. Oxygen is also essential for that. That's why without oxygen, you can only survive for a couple of minutes. Longer than you can without cyanide, but not much longer. So how does it work? So we breathe in air and that air goes into our lungs and that air goes through our lungs into these distal things called capillaries where hemoglobin is bringing the waste product called carbon dioxide back to the lungs. And there's a gradient of of partial pressure between oxygen and carbon dioxide such that a switch takes place. The air that we breathe in delivers some of its oxygen to the hemoglobin molecules and the carbon dioxide diffuses off that into the air and we breathe out air that is lower in oxygen and higher in carbon dioxide than what we breathed in. Mhm. So if I go that was high oxygen, low carbon dioxide, that was low oxygen, high carbon dioxide. And that's the that's happening every second of every day. That oxygen, that hemoglobin molecule that's carrying oxygen is carrying it to every cell in my body because every cell in my body needs oxygen. And that cell in the body is taking the oxygen to run that chemical reaction to make ATP. and it's shuttling back carbon dioxide. And it's just the most incredible thing in the world to imagine how frequently this is happening. And the more you exercise, the more you consume oxygen. So oxygen consumption is a proxy for energy demand. So we can measure this. Now to do so, you have to put a mask on because I have to be able to measure very precisely two things. I have to be able to measure exactly the flow rate of air going in and out of your mouth and I have to be able to measure very precisely the concentration of oxygen coming out. If I know those two things, I can calculate how many lers per minute of oxygen you are consuming. So you and I sitting here right now are probably consuming less than half a liter a minute. So call it 500 cc a minute of oxygen right now because you have to consume some to be alive. And look, I'm moving my arms around and you're nodding and taking notes. So, you know, if you're sleeping, you might be consuming 300 milliliters of oxygen per minute. That's that's the lowest level. If you were to get up and we were to walk around here, that number might go up to 800 milliliters uh per minute. If we were to walk a little more briskly, we might be at a liter per minute of oxygen. If I said, "Let's go out in the parking lot and jog." Well, we might get up to like 1.5 L per minute. we pick up the pace a little bit, we'll get to two liters per minute. If I start really, really running us hard, we're going to get to three and a half, four liters per minute. Well, at some point, I am going to push you so hard that you will achieve your maximum level of oxygen consumption. And if I push you any harder and faster, you won't extract more oxygen from the air. You may go faster but you will do so through a process that does not involve the consumption of oxygen. You will do do so through an anorobic glycolytic pathway but you will have achieved your maximum consumption of oxygen. And that number has a very special name. It's called V2 max. So V2 max measured in liters per minute is the maximum amount of oxygen you can consume. And the only way you can measure that again is to have this mask with very very fancy apparatus that measures both of those things I said. And you have to be stressed hard. So we typically do this on a treadmill or on a bike. So your your your colleagues that came into 10 squared yesterday, they did it on treadmills. They ran and they ran them and ran them and they ran them until they couldn't go any faster. And then we measured how many liters per minute of oxygen they were consuming. Now that answers what V2 max is. So the next question is does this matter? Well the short answer is we don't have a single metric of humans that we can measure that better predicts how long they will live than how high their V2 max is. And it's not even close to be completely clear. So if you compare somebody who is in the top 2% to someone who is in the bottom 25% for their age uh the difference in mortality is 5x 500%. Yes. 400% technically because with hazard ratios you you you go two two a 2x hazard ratio is 100% I guess. Yeah. So let's look at you. So I see you've pulled this chart out which is one of my favorite charts. Okay. So you Oh, by the way, there's one other thing I should state. We normalize this by weight. Okay. Okay. So, we always divide that number of liters per minute by how many kilograms you are. So, the number is actually reported as milliliters per kilogram per minute. Okay. Okay. All right. So if we look at somebody who is your age, male 30 to 39, if their V2 max is below 35 milliliters per kilogram per minute, they are in the bottom 25%. Conversely, if they are at 53 they are in the top two and a half percent. So to be clear, if you take a 35-year-old man and one of them has a V2 max of 53 and the other one has a V2 max 35, there is a 400% difference in their all-c cause mortality over the coming year. Wow. Okay. So all cause mortality, anything killing them over the coming year. That's right. Now, this becomes more and more profound as you age because the all cause mortality ratio for a 35-year-old is incredibly low. Yeah, it's like 1%. So, that means you're comparing 1% to 4%. It's not that big a deal. But when you get up to my age, so I'm two decades older than you. So now the low bar, the bottom quartile is less than 29. The high bar is more than 50. Well, my relative mortality in the next decade is probably 2 to 3%. So now multiply that by four. Okay. When I get into my marginal decade, the low bar is 18. The high bar is 36. That's a 2x difference in V2 max. A 4x difference in mortality is huge. when the all-c cause mortality for an 85y old is going to be, you know, the one-year annual, you know, the one-year mortality for that person is, you know, more than 10%. Yeah. So, one of the things that we do is we sort of think through this not just through the lens of mortality, which is what I just walked you through here, but also health span, which is kind of what you were talking about earlier with the graph of strength and disability. So we have another figure that we show people that um on the x axis shows age. Yeah. And on the y ais shows V2. And it has a whole bunch of lines that come across that show various activities. You know, if you want to be able to run a six-minute mile, you have to have a V2 that's very high. If you want to be able to run an 8-minute mile, a 10-minute mile. If you want to be able to climb a flight of stairs without getting out of breath, like it shows all of these different things. And you see what the required V2 is. Mhm. I think in fact we might even have these graphs in here. Yeah. Right there. So we put your dot on the graph and we say if you stay where you are, you're meaning right at that green curve, you're in for a great life. Why? Because even when you're in your 80s, you're still going to be able to do all of those things. So the results you're looking at here are Jack's results. Yep. Who runs the production here. He came to your center. Yep. Came to 10 squared in Austin. He did the test. I think he was on the treadmill for like an hour or something like that. And can you explain to me exactly what his results say as it relates to what you were just describing? Yeah. So he did both a zone 2 and a V2 max test. So Jack got on the treadmill and you know there's a protocol for how you warm somebody up. really want them to be able to get to a maximum effort. You don't just put them on a treadmill and crank it up. You take you take your time getting them up there. And he had an amazing result. So, his V2 max was 4.1 lers per minute. And he achieved that at a heart rate of 204 beats per minute, which is higher than what was predicted for his age. If you normalize it by his weight, he was at 56.5 milliliters per kilogram per minute. So when you look at his age, because he's in his 20s, he was at about the 97th percentile for his age, meaning his V2 max was higher than 97% of people his age. And uh so out of the gate that just tells us from a longevity standpoint, our goal is to keep him there as long as possible. I mean, we're so ambitious with our patients and clients that we actually want them to be as as an aspiration to be two decades younger at the top 2%. So if you're 50, you want to be V2 max north of 53. And then the other thing we do is we check on something called heart rate recovery. So in 60 seconds post V2 max, how long does it take uh how many beats does their heart rate come down in one minute? This is also a very powerful predictor of mortality because it's a huge indication of what's called parasympathetic sympathetic balance. So, it's basically a question of how does the how how much is their autonomic nervous system in favor of sort of a stress response versus a recovery response. And so, the gold standard here, we want to see people that can recover at least 30 beats in the first minute. He did pretty well. He recovered 28 beats. You know, if you're really, really fit, you're going to be 40, 50 beats of recovery within the first um one minute. It's incredible. Incredible. Then we tested his um lactate levels and we ran him for what we called zone 2 testing. Right? So zone 2 is his aerobic base. This is where he should be spending 80% of his training. 80% of his cardio training time should be in this energy system. So it's hard enough that it's not just pure recovery, but not so hard that it's, you know, uh pushing energy systems that are that are higher. This is this is a pace he should be able to hold for an hour and he should certainly feel like he's working but not feel it too much. Technically it's also a place where he's prod he's got maximum fat oxidation. So we do this also in the same measure on a treadmill. This is a bit more of a complicated test because you're titrating between how he feels and what his blood lactate levels are. Maybe not to get too complicated in the weeds on that, but we're simultaneously looking at the ratio of how much carbon dioxide he produces to how much oxygen he consumes. That tells us how much fat he is using in his own body. And we look at that number and he maxed out at.77 grams per minute, which is very good. One gram per minute of fat oxidation is exceptional. So 7677 is pretty darn good. His lactate hit about 2 mill and he achieved this running at 7.3 miles hour. So So again, that's there there's a lot to unpack in there, but that gives us a pretty good sense of his level of fitness. And for a guy in his 20s, um that's that's really good fitness. He does a lot of running. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And and but even this test is a body of work. We normally would separate these two tests on two separate days. Okay. So people, you know, the the people who come to 10 squared are not from Austin. They're from all over the place. So they come in for two days of testing. And you got to sort of figure out a way to take a person who's not necessarily that fit and and allow them to do these tests. So it's kind of broken up over to a couple days so they can mix it with the strength testing and all the other stuff. And if you were advising Jack on how to improve some of these scores here, what would you say? So the truth of the matter is looking at his stuff here I would say I think you've got the endurance thing really covered in his case there were other issues that were uncovered during his intake that were of more concern and this is a matter of like now what we think of as portfolio management right so when your V2 max is in the top 2% when your fat oxidizing 7 you know almost8 grams per minute and he's got a heart rate of 165 to 170 when he's um in zone 2 I mean this Guys, cardio is dialed in. Bad skin. I've had it and I'm sure many of you listening have had it, too. Or maybe you have it right now. I know how draining it can be, especially if you're in a job where you're presenting often like I am. So, let me tell you about something that's helped both my partner and me and my sister, which is red light therapy. I only got into this a couple of years ago, but I wish I'd known a little bit sooner. I've been using our show sponsors Bon Chargar's infrared sauna blanket for a while now, but I just got hold of their red light therapy mask as well. Red light has been proven to have so many benefits for the body. Like any area of your skin that's exposed will see a reduction in scarring, wrinkles, and even blemishes. It also helps with complexion. It boosts collagen, and it does that by targeting the upper layers of your skin. And Bon Charge ships worldwide with easy returns and a year-long warranty on all of their products. So, if you'd like to try it yourself, head over to bondcharge.com/diary and use code diary for 25% off any product sitewide. Just make sure you order through this link. boncharge.com/diary with code diary. I've got a story that I think you'll be interested in hearing, and it's brought to you by my show sponsor, Fiverr. About 6 months ago, my team and I sat down to try and work out how we were going to build the most valuable newsletter for ambitious entrepreneurs ever. And after hours of discussion, we finally agreed that to tip the odds in our favor, we needed to be constantly experimenting. But to do this, we needed man power or woman power. So we hired a group of freelancers through Fiverr and tasked them with testing different elements, which are like the visuals in the newsletter, the subject lines, the copy links. And even after launching 100 CEOs, the new newsletter, and getting 93,000 signups on the first day, our experimenting hasn't stopped. I'm confident we wouldn't have seen the same success had we not experimented in this way. And our freelance support from Fiverr was critical to that. So next time you're launching something, find your failures and fix them fast with Fiverr freelancers. Visit fiverr.com/diary today and use code doc for 10% off your first order. These are Jack's results. So I've invited Jack in because I feel like he might have some questions and you might have some questions. So you guys go ahead. All right. Well, uh, first off, Jack, thanks for being an awesome guinea pig yesterday. You hit it out of the park, um, as far as your cardio training. So, tell me a little bit like what are you what are you doing for cardio? How often are you running? So, I actually stripped it back quite a lot. I probably started maybe maybe like two years ago going really heavy on running and that's all I did. And then I started getting a little bit injured. So, now I've cut it back, but I'd say I do like one long run a week and that's like 20k. Outside of that, I don't really do much other cardio. Interesting. I I know that the team talked to you about your left foot. Yes. And did did they show you the pictures on the treadmill? They did. Yeah. That's super interesting. Super interesting. I sprained my ankle really badly like 6 months ago. Y said that could have been something. I think it's very likely that the ankle sprain has not has changed your gate such that you probably are going to develop an injury over time with your running. if the if your pattern is not corrected. So, you're overcompensating on the left and did I I assume that I assume you noticed the difference in the height of your shoulders and your head and everything while you were running. So, even though the engine is working insanely well, this test only measures the performance of your engine, your chassis, which is a subjective assessment to use the car analogy shows that the chassis is a bit weak. Okay, I'll give a bit of context on what that actually was. So, when I was running on the treadmill, um I think it was Kyler was it? He he showed me a picture afterwards of me running and basically my head was right in the middle. When I went on my right side, but then when I went on my left, my whole body was like a bit lopsided. Y So yeah, that's kind of what you're talking about there. That's right. And again, like the good news about running is each step is very light. Mhm. But if you're running 20k, that's a lot of steps. So even something that's a light impact but done thousands of times will produce a problem. Okay, so let's shift from how well the engine is, which is exceptional at both ends. By the way, to be clear, your peak engine output, which is V2 max, was awesome, and your engine efficiency, which was your zone 2, your fat oxidation, exceptional. We do have this issue on the chassis that needs to be addressed or you're going to get a repetitive strain injury. Mhm. Um, so then the next thing that the the team did was just a very simple test called the DEEXA scan, but we we do a more comprehensive one. So we're looking at all the bone density, left hip, right hip, lumbar, spine, and then total body fat, total muscle mass, and then visceral fat, which is fat around the organs. I think the most surprising aspect of the test was your bone density. So, um, a DEXA scan, uh, measures bone density very accurately and both, uh, sort of across the board in terms of your your lumbar spine and your right hip and your left hip, you were in your in your lumbar spine two standard deviations below the mean for someone your age. So, that means basically you're in the bottom 10 percentile of bone density for a guy your age. And for your hips, you're not much better. Both on the left and right hip, you're about 1 and a half to 1.7 standard deviations below the mean. So what does that mean? That means that you're at you you already have something called osteoporosis. So when your T-core, which in your case is almost the same as your zcore because of your age, but the zcore compares you to someone your age. The t-core compares you to someone 30 years old. So when your T-core is minus1 um you have osteopenia and when it gets below minus 2.5 you have osteoporosis. Those are just technical definitions of bone density. The problem is your risk of bone fracture goes up really significantly. Now because of how young you are. It's not like I'm worried you're going to walk out of here and something's going to go wrong. But the risk of you sustaining an injury in sport is is not trivial. Right? If you were out skiing and Steven was out skiing, assuming he had normal bone density, and you guys both took a tumble, I would be infinitely more worried about your bone density. And we have patients in our practice who do. They're young, healthy people, and they get these freakish fractures while skiing or playing sports and things like that and they have really low bone density. So, so one, it's just something we want to address. The bigger concern is that what's what is the what is the story of this going to be when you're 60 and 65 and 70? And that's that's the one where we really want to mitigate it. So, I know that the team talked to you about making sure you follow up with an endocrinologist. You want to make sure that there's nothing here that is medically obvious to be treated, such as vitamin D deficiency, anything that has to do with parathyroid hormone or calcium and things that are, you know, medically obvious to treat. Um the most important behavioral thing that a person can do with low bone density beyond correcting all the nutritional deficiencies that can lead to it is applying heavy load to the bone. So bones are active pieces of tissue even though we don't think of them that way and they respond to deformation. So you have to put strain into a bone for it to respond and strengthen. And it's counterintuitive that running is not amazing at doing that. It's not bad. So on in general, runners have better bone density than sedentary people, but not by much, believe it or not. Uh swimmers and cyclists, believe it or not, tech actually have lower bone density on average. But resistance training with heavy weights is is actually kind of what is necessary. Grappling as well, by the way. people who do jiu-jitsu, strength training, resistance training, those are those are the ways that you're going to you're going to increase this. So, I would say that was the first finding that that that is, you know, important and worth discussing. Do you have any questions on that? Cuz I've got a couple. Uh well, I think my first one was so I I only actually started lifting weights like properly maybe two years ago. So, that's probably why you're seeing that. Maybe. I mean, I guess did you have asthma as a child or anything? No. I know when I my mom says something about like when I was born I had low calcium something about low calcium they had to put something on my teeth but I don't know what that is exactly. Well if you had low if if there's something that was impacting your calcium levels when you were little that would certainly be a potential risk for it. Um the the our bones are mostly formed for for males in the early 20s for girls typically in the late teens. So, anything that disrupted calcium metabolism when you were young could have played a role in this for sure. Um, the reason I asked if you had asthma is a lot of the times we see folks that you know had any medical condition that required corticosteroids, prolonged use of corticosteroids would be another big risk factor. Of course, there's also genetics. So, probably worth knowing if your parents themselves have low bone density. Um, but but it sounds like there's something going on with calcium metabolism as a as a kid that might have played a role. Um the reason it is really important to connect with an endocrinologist now is there are actual medical uh treatments that can increase bone density in addition to all of sort of the total optimization of the nutritional stuff vitamin D calcium levels things of that nature and of course the training. M are there specific exercises I would do to increase that or is it just an all round kind of No, I mean I think the the if you think about the long bones of the body which are the the the ones that we're basically measuring here I mean the short bones in the spine but the femurss and hips anything that puts those things under deformation. So anything from a farmer's carry to a step up to a box squat. I mean, you know, it's whatever you can do safely that's loading you and placing these bones in a manner that that forces them to to actually undergo deformation. The way the way and the other thing I would also make sure of is that someone's checking your blood levels to look at things like testosterone and estrogen. So estrogen, believe it or not, probably the most important hormone besides vitamin D in bone health. So you can think of a bone as something with a strain gauge in it. And as the bone is deformed, the strain gauge sends a signal, a chemical signal to cells that build the bone. The chemical signal is estrogen. So the reason women are so susceptible to osteopenio and osteoporosis is once they go through menopause, many of them lose their estrogen if they're not placed on well, they all lose their estrogen, but if they're not placed on hormone replacement therapy, they don't get it back. And so they lose that chemical signal. So women see a rapid drop off in bone density at menopause. Peter, is this graph accurate roughly? Yes, this would be accurate. So, if this is broadly accurate, what is the game then for someone like Jack? Is it is it building bone or is it preventing decline? Yeah. Preventing decline. Most of us reach our peak bone mass uh in our 20s. Okay. Yep. So, so the name of the game is prevent it from getting any weaker. The good news is, by the way, I had a woman on my podcast named Belinda Beck who studies osteoporosis. She's she's from Australia and um she did this amazing study there called the Lyftmore study where she enrolled a bunch of women with osteoporosis who had never done any resistance training and half of them were randomized to the usual activities like you know yoga and things of that nature and then half of them were randomized to heavy resistance training. And the women that did the heavy resistance training actually first of all on DEXA saw no change in bone density or saw a very minor reduction in bone density compared to a significant reduction in the women who were not resistance training. But more importantly on CT scans the women who had did done the resistance training actually showed an increase in cortical thickening of bone suggesting that it might even be that DEXA is not by itself sufficient to fully assess bone health. It assesses bone density, but not necessarily bone health. And her hypothesis is that these women might actually be getting stronger bones even if the density is going down just a little. But either way, even if density were sufficient, the fact that their density went down so much less than the others, uh, was amazing. And it's it's actually, you know, if you can find the video and link to it on YouTube, Belinda Beck's lift more study. It's just an awesome video to watch these little old ladies walking around picking up, you know, deadlifting their body weight and stuff like that. Is there anything else you wanted to ask Jack or about your results or anything else pressing questions you you have? Yeah, nutrition would be a good one actually. Yeah, calcium, vitamin D, protein, everything that's going to support muscle mass as well because that's the other thing that we found here. So, we we looked at your body fat percentage. Again, in absolute terms, not that high, but for your age, pretty high, right? Because you're because you're young. So you were at the 80th percentile for your age and your visceral fat was at the 50th percentile for your age. We like to see so we don't really care that much about total body fat. We care a lot more about visceral fat. So the fact that your visceral fat was at the 50th percentile. Visceral fat is the fat that's around your organs. That's the more metabolically deranging damaging fat. We actually we have a very high standard. We want to see that below the 10th percentile. I'll hit pause on that for a second. But then to relay the next thing that we looked at was your muscle mass. So, we looked at the total muscle mass in your arms and legs. That's called your appendicular lean mass. And then we looked at the total fat-free mass in your body. And both of those put you at about the 20th percentile. So, the first question I'm asking when I'm looking at these results is, are you adequately muscled or undermuscled? So, I really want to see somebody above the 50th percentile in muscle mass. So, you're under muscled. The second thing I'm looking at is with the body fat percentage where it is both and the visceral fat is that to me I call that overnourished. Now I don't have blood tests to see where you are metabolically but I want those are the those are what I call my three questions. Are you metabolically healthy or not? I need a blood test to see it. I suspect you are though based on your zone 2. So the fact that your fat oxidation was 77 grams per minute very hard and your fasting lactate was 0.5 which is also very good. So my bet is you are metabolically healthy. We would have to do a bunch of blood tests to confirm that, but I bet you would be. But you are overnourished, meaning body fat is too high and visceral fat is too high. And you are under muscled, your ALMI and your FFMI are too low. So that immediately tells me like what do you need to be doing? You need to be eating more protein, fewer calories, more resistance training. You don't need to do any more cardio. Like that's like oversimplification, but like that's the that's your path forward. And the last question I had around uh I think I've heard you speak about it before, but it's around like the potential of what your muscles mass can be. If you lift as a teenager versus if you start lifting and you're I'm 29. So if I start lifting at like 27, the potential is a lot less, right? Is that true or is that uh I'm I'm I'm not sure. I think I think genetics play a pretty big role in that. Um, and I think, in other words, I think that your ceiling is probably more dictated by your genetics than it is the age at which you started. I think if you took a, you know, someone who was just genetically wired to put on muscle and they don't start lifting until they're in their 20s, they're still going to put on a ton of muscle. I mean, like, I've been lifting weights my whole life since I was 13 years old. I'm never going to be like a monster. Like, it's just not gonna happen, right? there's no chance I'm ever going to be on the stage of a bodybuilding, you know, contest. Okay. Yeah. That's just one thing that's like always haunted me. Well, haunted me in the last two years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And now you but but but I don't again there's you have to consider a bunch of variables as you're lifting. Right. So, are you training at the right intensity? Are you training at the right frequency? Do you have the right selection of exercises? Is your technique correct? So, lifting weights, it's not a uniform term. Um, so, so you really have to dive into that, right? So, to put on muscle, you probably need to be doing a minimum of 10 and I would say ideally closer to 20 sets per week per body group. The intensity has to be sufficient. So, we were talking about that minimum two, ideally one rep in reserve per working set. So, if you're if you're just doing like three sets of 10, but you could have done three more reps if you really pushed, there was no training stimulus there. I've got a question on that which is linked to one of my friends, but it's something I've heard you say which is you you've said to me before that you struggled with gaining weight. Yes. A friend of mine says has said this to me for the last 10 years that muscle. Yeah. He said yeah. So he says like he even when he eats a lot he has like feels like he's force-feeding himself um and it's like not natural and then when he goes to the gym he hasn't seen the results. Whereas for me I don't I've never had the problem of like I I can eat loads and then I go to the gym and I work out and muscle comes on. So, for those people that struggle with a eating enough calories and then they go to the gym and they don't feel like they're able to gain muscle, you've you've experienced this before, haven't you? You've experienced people that have said this to you. Sure. It's actually much more common with with women than men, but um it it's sort of focusing more on the protein as opposed to the total calories. I mean, you do need the calories, but it's probably breaking down the protein intake into smaller servings. Um, and that for many people just means they have to get shakes or things like that. like they're not going to get it through whole foods all the time. I I I don't need to drink shakes because I'm able to get protein through food enough, but that shouldn't be viewed as as something you don't want to do. I mean, even I'm sure some of the, you know, most successful bodybuilders in the world just based on their protein requirements still have to resort to shakes. So, figuring out what it takes to get one gram of protein per pound of body weight and making sure you get that, even if it takes four servings a day, is a it should be the highest priority. And again, you don't need more calories at this point based on your visceral and body fat. Um, we just need to make sure you're getting that gram of protein per pound of body weight. Um, and that you're doing the you're getting the right training stimulus in the gym. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Thank you for that, Peter. I didn't know we were going to be doing a little consult here. I know, but it's super fascinating. Even for me, even though they're not my results, I learned a ton about about that. Um the question we don't necessarily need to go through all of the results here for Jamaima but how do you see women's results being different typically as it relates to bone density muscle mass and those things. I was wondering if even for the V2 max are expecting different results for women or well we we score them on a different curve. So the the results are going to be a little lower and again part of the reason is women have less muscle all things equal and muscle is the organ that is going to consume the most oxygen uh I mean outside of the brain. So, um, so you know, if you if you took a a woman at 25 and a man at 25, there's a different threshold for what a what the grade is on the curve. But I would say the biggest difference we typically see is, and not so much at the ages of these guys because they're both so young and fit, but as we as we get into kind of older folks, we we definitely see more of an issue with muscle mass in women and bone density in women. I was quite surprised with Jack when you you talked about um visceral fat. Yeah. There's two types of fat that I've come to learn. Subcutaneous which is I think is on the outside is and then visceral is around the organs. Right. So the body fat is mostly measuring his subcutaneous fat. Oh, on the outside. Y. Okay. I've got a little bit of subcutaneous fat right now. As we do all, how do I know if it's if it's an issue or not? Unfortunately, it's very difficult to know without further investigation. Um, I say this because I haven't been able to predict it looking at somebody. Like I've seen people who have lots of subcutaneous fat, but when you look at their liver and look at their visceral fat, they have virtually none. And they tend to be quite metabolically healthy. So maybe aesthetically they've got too much body fat. And there are lots of reasons why they might want that, might not want that, I'm sorry, based on, you know, excess body weight that just in general is an impediment to movement or, you know, pain in their knees or joints. Um, but it's not actually causing them harm physiologically. And conversely, you know, if you look at Jack, like he's he actually looks he's a pretty lean-look guy. Like nobody would look at Jack and say he's overweight, but he's got a little bit too much fat on the inside. and that if not I mean I think his running and his fitness is probably offsetting it metabolically but there might be come a day when that's not the case. So it it you know this is something that I think just needs to be addressed and and again people that are in their 20s can get away with a lot and it starts to become something you don't get away with in your 40s. Is there a genetic component to this and also what has caused it? What usually causes it? the body fat, the visceral fat. Visceral fat. Yeah, there's definitely a genetic component to it, but the truth of the matter is the cause of this is is just fuel partitioning. It's just it's just where the body is putting excess energy, right? So, so all of the fat we have in our body comes down to where does our body choose to store excess energy because that's that's the only way we store it. We can't store protein. So, we can only store I mean, we store protein technically in muscles, but we're basically storing carbohydrates and fat. So you can store carbohydrates preferably in the muscle and in the liver as glycogen, but that's a very finite source. So most of where you're storing those things is excess glucose gets stored as fat and then in fat gets stored as fat. So if theoretically if Jack had a higher muscle mass, he would have less visceral fat potentially. Yeah, probably because first of all muscle is more metabolically active. So more metabolically active tissue means higher energy expenditure which would all things equal mean lower fat. That makes sense. And if there were a couple of things that I could do to reduce my visceral fat, we talked about exercise there. We talked about diet. Intermittent fasting, do they are you are you a fan of those kinds of things? There's no evidence that intermittent fasting produces any benefits above the equivalent amount of caloric restriction. So you know whe whether you're eating in eight hours or six hours or across 12 hours if the same number of calories are consumed it's essentially producing the same outcome. Sleep stress absolutely dramatic. We've talked about sleep already right if your sleep is not good you are going to be insulin resistant. If you are insulin resistant, you are partitioning fuel in an unfavorable way, which in English means you are more likely to access glucose than access fat even at low levels of intensity when you should be accessing fat. That's why, by the way, I thought he's probably still insulin sensitive based on how high his fat oxidation was. Meaning when he was at 165 beats per minute on a treadmill, he was pulling out almost 0.88 gram per minute of fat. That's really good. That tells me he fuel partitions well. He knows how to access fat when he needs fat. So that's that's still working in his favor. But for many people, once they're exercising that hard, their their fat oxidation goes to hell and all they're doing is accessing glucose. But there could be a link for in his case between sleep and visceral fat. Yep. Especially if he travels with you. Yeah. And then alcohol. You mean Jack doesn't drink alcohol? But generally visceral fat and alcohol. Yeah. Bad sign. I want to talk to you about this alcohol point because I saw Huberman um tweet the other day saying that it's now pretty well established that even moderate alcohol intake is bad for you. But I sat here the other day with someone else who said to me that they talked about the Medit Mediterranean diet, the Italians, they seem to be fine, etc. And I wanted to kind of get your perspective on whether small amounts of alcohol intake are okay or not because some people still think it's healthy to have moderate alcohol intake. It's better for the heart. I think that is pretty abundantly not true. So I don't think I am aware of any real evidence and we've scrutinized the heck out of this. We so the subscribers to our podcast get these premium newsletters every month where we do an ultra insane deep dive into a topic and alcohol was one of them. So this is like you're getting a treaties right a 20page research report on a topic. So uh for anybody who's interested in that they should go and get the alcohol piece but I'll link it below. Yeah, the TLDDR is that there is no compelling evidence whatsoever that there is a health benefit that comes from ethanol consumption. The molecule of ethanol is not healthy at any dose and I believe that is unambiguously true. That said, it does not appear to be linearly toxic, meaning low doses, probably sub 15 gram per day. 15 grams of ethanol would be what you would get in a standard drink. Standard drink, not a generous drink. So, you know, whatever. Like 3 4 ounces of wine would be 15 grams of ethanol, 14 grams of ethanol. It appears that for most people the toxicity of that amount of ethanol is very difficult to measure. And this is where you get into the area of for some people there might actually be enough of a pro-social benefit from that amount of ethanol if consumed in an otherwise healthy environment. Right? So if you talk about the individual who comes home and has a glass of wine while he's with his wife and they kind of unwind in the backyard and talk about their day and things like that, there might be benefits from doing that that outweigh the very very small amount of toxicity that came in that ethanol. Once you reach about 30 grams of ethanol a day, I don't see and I have not seen a shred of evidence that there is any amount of pro-social behavior that can offset the toxicity of that ethanol. So, while I would not go as far as the World Health Organization, which has condemned ethanol as a carcinogen at every dose, I just don't see the data to make that case for every dose. I tell my patients in a very measured, nuanced way, kind of what I just told you, like, you know, I drink alcohol and I I but I but I think about it every time I do, like, is it worth it? Is it worth it? Is it worth it? Like, I'm not just drinking for the sake of drinking. I have this expression, don't drink on airplanes because the alcohol sucks. Like, I'm not just drinking to numb myself, right? Like, if I'm going to drink, there's a reason. It's going to be really freaking good. And that for me amounts to probably like four drinks a week. Just for a second, I want to talk about a company I've invested in and who sponsored this podcast called Zoey. Like me, many of you are big on tracking your fitness and your sleep. But how many of you understand how your body handles food? Metabolic fitness is all about understanding your metabolism's response to food. And we all react differently. So Zoe created a test to help you understand how your body responds. And it starts with their famous test cookies, which are identical test meals with the same sugar, fat, and calorie content of the average meal, and therefore acts as a metabolic challenge. You also wear a continuous glucose monitor that tests your blood sugar levels. I've done this test, and it left me wondering how my metabolic fitness compared to others like me, and my results revealed everything. So, if you'd like to learn about your body's response to food, head over to zoey.com to order your test kit now. And if you want a discount, use code Stephen 10 at checkout for 10% off your membership. As a Zoey member, you'll get an athome test kit and personalized nutrition program to help you make smarter food choices that support your health. That's zoe.com with code stephven10. You're just talking about airplanes there. I was thinking about electrolytes. There's been a huge boom over the last couple of months year of people consuming more and more um electrolytes. Everyone's launching an electrolyte drink and consuming much more salt and sodium. What do you make of this? Are we electrolyte deficient? Um, well, first of all, as a disclosure, I'm an investor in a company that sells electrolytes, so LMT. Um, so I'm an investor in that company, which I always want to disclose stuff like that if it's pertinent. Um, the short answer is it depends. So, why did I get interested in electrolytes? Well, I historically never consumed electrolytes when exercising. I was pretty much always consuming water and or water plus carbohydrate depending on the intensity and duration of the exercise. I also tend to have very low blood pressure and a couple of years ago I had a really really bad fall when I woke up in the morning and I was jet-lagged. So I had just flown to Brazil. So obviously you get a little bit dehydrated on a plane and then the first like you know you get in whatever that night and then the next morning I woke up got out of bed and faceplanted into a table. You can probably still see the scar on my forehead. And I got back home and you know my doc measures my blood pressure. It's like 95 over 60. And he's like yeah you're just you're really dehydrated man. Like you we need to get a little more. And it's not like I don't eat salt. I make zero effort to restrict sodium in my diet, but clearly I was just exercising too much, you know? I mean, especially living in Texas, like when I'm exercising outdoors, I'm sweating like crazy. So, it was like, you just got to get more salt, man. So, I just went I literally then did a super deep dive on hydration and realized that there's basically two ways to maximize hydration. Either you consume water with a high enough not just a high enough with the absolute correct concentration of glucose in it and the correct concentration is between five and 6%. So that's 50 to 60 grams of glucose per liter of fluid will maximize water uptake through the sodium water transporter or you consume um what's called osmotic sodium in water. Those are your two options uh with the with the glucose one being slightly better. And so what I realized is look, I don't exercise long enough anymore to justify it. And the only workout I do a week that is intense enough to justify it is that V2 max one where I'm I actually am using glucose and water. But for the rest of my workouts, I don't I don't need it. I just need sodium and water. And then I just went through every product on the market. Like literally went to Amazon, click click click click click click click order every one of them and realize at the end of the day it's a commodity product. Get the one that tastes the best because that's the one you're going to have to suck down every day. Peter, what's the most important thing we didn't talk about that we should have talked about as it relates to your work, the science that you're obsessed with at the moment, and anything that my audience might and should need to know that we haven't yet discussed. May maybe just the idea that it's really tempting in in the world I live in to want to find single sources of problems, right? So there's always a there's always a a boogeyman and I think unfortunately the the entire landscape of health influencing and social media has has created a very unhelpful narrative around many of these things. And so, you know, there's an effect called the Dunning Krueger effect, which can be sort of, you know, put into a cartoon, right? Where it shows, you know, experience on the, uh, x-axis and confidence on the y- axis. So, you've seen this graph, I'm sure, where it starts out like it just skyrockets up to what's called the peak of stupidity, and then it kind of comes down into the valley of humility, and then as you become more and more of an expert, you gradually rise, right? So, so this idea of like the deeper you go out from shore, the further from shore, the deeper the water gets. And yet, and most of what you're what what I'm sure your audience is is going to be exposed to because we all are if we're on social media or whatever is like people preaching from the peak of Mount Stupidity. And so, I think maybe maybe the thing to be thinking about is like what are the signs of that, right? And it's usually people that are like there's one thing that is the thing, right? like it's this additive in food or it's this particular oil or it's this sugar or it's this that and it's like the truth of the matter is it isn't one thing like it's it's really really complicated and it's hard to talk about things that are complicated and we tend to just want to focus on one thing and I've been guilty of this myself if I look at stuff I was writing 15 years ago I'm like man you really oversimplified that too much like you overindex on that and you ignored this thing and and so I I just think that you know try try to identify people out there who are talking about things in a nuanced way and you're generally going to be closer to the direction of reality and how do you deal with that as a podcast host because you must sit there you know so much about the subject matter and you must sit there and hear people say to you on your podcast things that you don't agree with. Well, on my podcast, it's easy because again, the nature of my podcast is super inquisitive. So, it's just very easy to to push back and sometimes I don't. Sometimes I'll, you know, I I was recently interviewing somebody and they they made a comment and and I just knew it was wrong, but I I was like, you know, I I'll make an editorial comment later about this for the audience to understand that he's he's he's confusing cause and effect. And I didn't push back. and afterwards I thought I probably should have I probably should have pushed back on what he said a little bit. Um but again on my podcast it's easy. I think the bigger issue is when people send me links to podcasts like what do you think of this and I have to go through and like explain why what this person said is completely wrong. I mean just completely unfounded in any scientific uh basis whatsoever. But they're a very compelling speaker and so I get it like I get why you know that that you would you know as as my friend send that to me with concern. One of the things we've introduced recently well in the last 3 four months is just we put um we have some independent scientific individuals who have a look at some of the things that are being said just to cross reference and provide context. We call it kind of context checking. Nice. just because some of the bigger things obviously there's so many big as you were saying so many terms like seed oils and this and this and this that have started a bit of a nutrition war on the internet and so we just want to make sure that we provide more context to these things so that a person at home who isn't going to take it upon themselves to apply that context or do the research has more more of a wide opinion but it's difficult because as you say oftent times it's the best speaker or the person with the most conviction that gets heard. um you've managed to break through all of that and provide an tremendous amount of nuance and complexity to these subjects, but also to achieve the same focus and articulation and resonance and accessibility that some of those individuals have achieved. I would highly recommend anybody who has not read this book to read this book because this is the book on this subject. And I say that I've interviewed many hundreds of people, but this is the book on this subject. It's been a global phenomenon for all the reasons I've described about it being so accessible. It's so nuanced, but so um easy for someone like me to understand even though I'm not a scientist. And it's the book that I recommend to my friends, to my family when they're trying to understand the subject matter of longevity in a world where there is just so much information. And that's why this book did so well and it continues to do so unbelievably well. But I'd also recommend everybody go check out your podcast, which I love watching. And also if they want um other resources from you, where do we send people? Peter, I think our website probably. So Peter Aia MD the the website will probably direct people to all the different sort of places where we have unbelievable amounts of free information. So we have a newsletter that comes out every single week. It's free. It's really valuable. People, you know, the open rate on that is through the roof because it's not junk. like it's it's we're putting something in your inbox every single Sunday that you're going to want to read about the exact topics you're asking. So, I'm going to link all of that below. So, put all of the links below for for Peter's work if you if you haven't become obsessed like we all are here with Peter's work. And I really mean that. We're all massive fans of yours. Jack was saying before you came, he said, "Oh, I love Peter." You were saying this the other day. I was saying this about a week ago. And that's something that I think we all feel because of the impact you've had on our lives of demystifying this information, but bringing it to us in a way that's so so accessible, so smart, and so trustworthy. So Peter, thank you for what you're doing because you're demystifying a very complicated world for all of us. And it's a world that if demystified, we stand a better chance of living happier, healthier, longer lives. And there's probably nothing more important to to what makes life meaningful and fulfilling. And me being able to walk up and down those stairs in Bali when I'm 75. So thank you, Peter. It's tremendous. Really, really tremendous. And I appreciate you very very much. Peter, I I was so caught up in um admiration of you that I forgot that we have to ask you this question, which is the question left by the last guest. And that is what would you do if you weren't afraid? Why that face? Oh. Um because I've been dealing with that for a long I've been dealing with something for for a couple of weeks that that is is is incredibly uh frightening, but I think I've finally worked up the courage to do it. Um but I can't speak about it, unfortunately. Oh, really? um at least not yet. I will be able to one day. There will be a day when I will be able to tell this story and it it will it will be one of the most important decisions I've ever made in my life. Oh, I'm so curious and so intrigued. Yeah. And it's um I can tell by your reaction that it's going to be profound for both you and all of us. I could tell by your reaction because I can tell that there's some element of struggle there. So, yes, whatever it is, best of luck and maybe we'll talk again in the future once you've uh been able to talk about it. I can't wait. Thank you, Peter. We launched these conversation cards and they sold out and we launched them again and they sold out again. We launched them again and they sold out again because people love playing these with colleagues at work, with friends at home, and also with family. And we've also got a big audience that use them as journal prompts. Every single time a guest comes on the diary of a CEO, they leave a question for the next guest in the diary. And I've sat here with some of the most incredible people in the world, and they've left all of these questions in the diary. And I've ranked them from one to three in terms of the depth. One being a starter question. And level three, if you look on the back here, this is a level three, becomes a much deeper question. That builds even more connection. If you turn the cards over and you scan that QR code, you can see who answered the card and watch the video of them answering it in real time. So, if you would like to get your hands on some of these conversation cards, go to the diary.com or look at the link in the description below. This has always blown my mind a little bit. 53% of you that listen to the show regularly haven't yet subscribed to the show. So, could I ask you for a favor? If you like the show and you like what we do here and you want to support us, the free simple way that you can do just that is by hitting the subscribe button. And my commitment to you is if you do that, then I'll do everything in my power, me and my team, to make sure that this show is better for you every single week. We'll listen to your feedback. We'll find the guests that you want me to speak to, and we'll continue to do what we do. Thank you so much. Heat. Heat. [Music] I Wow.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [935 likes]: Quick question, do you like these types of convos? If so please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to let us know ❤ (also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe & join our community 🙏🏾🥲) i appreciate you - SB! X
  2. @alann2430 [3 likes]: It's Epstein's bff
  3. @tempodocs00100 [1 likes]: He is a loser! Maybe he has permanent "Epstein withdrawal"  now that they disappeared the guy . I lost all respect for him after reading what he used to write to Epstein. I can't believe this video is still up. 👎👎👎
  4. @Molypollymak [1 likes]: Please have some shame and respect for Epstein victims and take this down! Dont profit from a child molester!
  5. @KamalaBra [1 likes]: ❤
  6. @kevinNSTATE: Hadn't seen a doctor for health care in 43 years. Had nee trouble, doc prescribed blood pressure meds. Lots of them. Stopped the meds. Started taking k2,magnesium, and d3 because of massive pain in groin hips and legs. Getting better. Not seeing doc anymore.
  7. @donnawintz: There are absolutely ways to build bone and not just prevent increase of bone density. I'm following Kevin Ellis (Bone Coach), and he was diagnosed in his early 30s with Osteoporosis, and was able to reverse it. Maybe you could interview him next!
  8. @2a.b.c: إذا أردت تطبيق أفكاره عملياً
ابدأ بالأولويات التالية:
مارس تمارين المقاومة 2–4 مرات أسبوعياً.
مارس نشاطاً هوائياً منتظماً، مع إدخال جلسات معتدلة الشدة مثل Zone 2 إذا كانت مناسبة لك.
احرص على تناول بروتين كافٍ للحفاظ على العضلات، بما يتناسب مع حالتك الصحية.
نم 7–9 ساعات معظم الليالي.
حافظ على وزن صحي، وخصوصاً تقليل الدهون الحشوية.
تجنب التدخين، وقلل التعرض لعوامل الخطر القابلة للتعديل.
  9. @dowhatsright100: i never liked him , i hope he gets harsh justice served to him soon!
  10. @letiziabf: in genere, quando nessuno ne parla, il motivo è uno solo...
  11. @JeanLewis-y6c: Dancin northern soul   4 times a mo tv  4  4 mule bike eides cym 3 to 4 a week means  quite healthy  streches r required forcme si i need mire cardiin i feel  circuut trainin
  12. @BihariTRIPATHI-e6j: Great Doctor 
Sir 
Your Work Is Great Sir 
❤
  13. @sallydavies5769: My granny lived to 99, never exercised in her life, and my mum lived to 92, she gardened and walked but never exercised. BUT they only ate small portions of home cooked foods, lived through both world wars, and didn't eat any processed foods.
  14. @fatihedinc2127: Two words...
the Epstein Files..
  15. @Dahians: This full assessment should be included in the Preventive type of tests covered by Insurance. It is so sad that only privileged people with money and time in their hands can do this. I wish I was a billionaire just to change this for everyone.
  16. @SidikPermana-wy9pp: Apa gue doang yg orang indonesia nonton ini
  17. @AdrianoBrunodaSilveira: Excelente. Obrigado
  18. @deuzimarrts7359: Cara... ele estava no Brasil e não tomou água de coco??? Excelente eletrólito!
  19. @fugitivetattoo: His videos are all 2hours long. This cat thinks he's Joe Rogan.
  20. @LeighSales-u5d: Disappointing- the MISLEADING image I see when surfing Youtube. You're an intelligent man. What were you thinking??

- Peter Attia - An Advantaged Metabolic State: Human Performance, Resilience & Health: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you very much Ken I I really appreciate um you inviting me here and the opportunity to to speak to some many of you I uh I don't know why up until I think uh yesterday I thought there were going to be like 10 people here so I I just assumed it was like yeah Ken you know come and talk to a few of our friends so um I I hope I can deliver the expectations uh for for so many folks um as you can see from the title of my talk I'm going to talk about um Human Performance and health but I'm probably going to talk about it in a in a way that you may not be used to hearing about it which is largely through the lens of a a personal experiment I've I've undergone so um to to sort of give you a sense of what my objectives are because I I want to at least let you know what I think you're in for and what you probably won't be in for uh there are really four goals I have for this discussion the first is just to kind of share this this journey uh the second is to give you an understanding of how energy balance research is carried out because a large part of what we're going to talk about tonight is energy balance and it's kind of funny we throw these terms around well I ate this many calories I burn this many calories but most of us myself included until you really look into it actually have no idea how that research is done um the next thing I want to do is actually peque your curiosity a little bit when it comes to this thing called nutritional ketosis which if you haven't heard of that now you certainly will in an hour um and then lastly I'd like to leave you with a what I would call as a framework for basically how you might think about your own personal journey through nutrition going get this guy out of the way here are not my objectives for tonight um this will not be a detailed overview of the biochemical processes of ketosis as much as I love talking about that I'm pretty sure everyone would be asleep by the end um but if there are any of you that are interested about that I've written about it extensively um and there there are definitely a lot of resources you can find about um the second thing and I want to be really clear on this I hope nobody leaves this talk tonight thinking I should be on a ketogenic diet because he talked about that I actually have no idea what diet anybody should be on without doing quite a bit of leg work and certainly much more than I could do uh just talking to people um finally I I although I often do give talks that are much more scientific and robust this isn't really one of them so um this is a talk that's much more as I said about this this personal journey and the experience and and it will be technical uh to be sure uh but it's I want you to think of this as more of a story and and less of a science lecture okay so um let me just start with the background so this this was me in my natural state um you can see on the uh I got a laser poter here th this was me uh 10 years ago uh in the midst of my residency uh and you can see I was about 40 lounds heavier than I am now I was um classified as overweight not obese my BMI was 29 um and this was and by the way the other thing I point out is I was exercising three or four hours a day um so this was not like well you just got fat because you were lazy it I was a marathon swimmer um this is me uh a few months before our daughter was born my wife always insists I put this on so people understand she was 6 months pregnant and I was not um but but this is me after uh becoming the first person to double cross the Maui channel so that was a 12-hour swim um and so I was certainly fit but but I really wasn't the leanest guy and and in and of itself maybe that's not such a big deal but I think as you'll see in a moment there was another problem going on here the problem going on here was that I had this thing although I didn't realize it when that photo was taken I would only come to realize it a year later I had this thing thing called metabolic syndrome has anybody heard of that by the way so so we got we got a sharp group here okay so metabolic syndrome is as its name describes it's a syndrome it's something that allows Physicians to very quickly do a battery of tests and put you in a category of you're in or you're out and the syndrome is quite simply defined as the following if you have three or more of the following five things you got it high blood pressure elevated blood uh sugar uh central obesity so expanding waistline elevated triglycerides or depressed high density lipoprotein cholesterol and I'll show you what the cut offs are in a second if you have three of those five you have metabolic syndrome which is really a proxy for an underlying condition that's really at the heart of the metabolic diseases we find ourselves in today called insulin resistance and those metabolic diseases uh include many types of cancer Alzheimer's disease obesity though I don't actually think of obesity as a disease I think of it as nothing more than a marker for something potentially else going on Diabetes stroke and heart disease so let's look at where I was at the age of 36 so these are the numbers with the cut offs so you can see that your in a men your your waist had to be over 40 in I wasn't quite there yet I was 36 if your HDL was below 40 I was 31 if your triglycerides were over 150 I was if your fasting glucose was consistently over 100 I was and if your blood pressure was elevated which I was not you have it so I had three out of the five so I had it and if you look at mortality tables if you look at data that compares people that have this versus people that don't in either what we call a continuous or stepwise fashion you see that I just kind of bought myself an enormous increase in those disease risks now this was kind of a wakeup call to me because a I thought I was eating everything properly I mean I was you know thought I was as fit as I could be and doing all these right things and yet at the age of 36 I found myself with something like a 5 to 8% chance of an MI a heart attack before the age of 50 um and heart disease did run in my family so I knew this was something I needed to get serious about so so what did I do well I basically started this dietary experiment now um you know Ken mentioned I went to medical school and did residency and all these things but to be completely honest with you I never paid attention to this topic whatsoever in medical school we may we may have had a class in this at Stanford if we did I either didn't go or I forgot everything um and and and and when I was in my residency I just never really counseled patients on what to eat except what The Parting line was which was eat less exercise more and don't eat fat I mean those are kind of the rules right um but I sort of realized that I was doing all of those things and it wasn't working so what was the harm in trying something crazy now the first thing I tried wasn't actually that crazy but it sure was hard and that was in September 2009 um shortly after I had just actually was the day after because I remember the last time I drank a Coke was September 8th 2009 after I just swam uh from uh Los Angeles to Catalina Island and I got on the boat and drank two Cokes and had two cheeseburgers and uh my wife said to me she goes you you really need to work on being a little less not thin and so the next day I said all right I'm gonna try this experiment I am going to eliminate sugar from my diet and when I say sugar I mean added sweeteners so that's what we call sucrose which is the white powder you put in your coffee table sugar and high fructose corn syrup which has largely replaced sugar in most of our diet because it's cheaper and easier uh now doing that by the way is not trivial uh but if you believe me for a moment and understand that I went through a lot of masch to figure out all the plac that was hidden in one's diet I did that so I eliminated sugar from my diet but made no other change the next thing I did was made a conscious effort in the spring of 2010 to reduce the glycemic index of all the carbohydrates that I ate so I wasn't restricting carbohydrates at all I was just changing the quality of them so to speak uh by January of 2012 I had removed um all carbohydrates from my diet starchy carbohydrates but was consuming um virtually unlimited amounts of fruits and vegetables and it what you see in this picture I could easily eat in about three days and then the final stage I took was a little over two years ago when I entered this thing called nutritional ketosis which you'll hear about in a second and since that time I've been in nutritional ketosis uh have done other experiments and we'll always continue to do these experiments um but what I want to talk about today specifically is this this one ketosis so what is it so it's kind of a fancy way of saying it's it's a process by which your body specifically your liver turns fat and that fat can either come from the fat you eat so lots of foods have fat in them and of course we all have fat on our bodies no matter how lean we are we've all got some fat um we can turn that fat into one of these three molecules now I know for people who maybe aren't up to speed on their organic chemistry this looks a little intimidating but it's really not what I want to explain to you is each of these are quite simple organic molecules each line represents a bond between two carbon atoms so this is like three carbon atoms joined with a double bond to an oxygen um this is 1 2 3 four F four of them and the same thing here and one of these is acetone the other is aceto acetone and one is called beta hydroxy butyrate that's the one we think about a lot but I don't want you to get sort of hung up on the names and all that stuff what I want you to understand is that our livers can take fat and make these compounds so we make this we don't eat ketones we make them and then what what happens to them well it turns out they get selectively consumed by different tissues in our body and we're going to talk in much more detail about what it means to be consumed but it turns out that the muscles in our body really love them and in particular our heart muscles really love them in fact um experimental stuff has shown that the order of preference for the heart muscle goes beta hydroxate even before glucose and fatty acid and the Brain most people don't realize actually really likes beta hydroxy berate as well in fact most people think that the brain is 100% dependent on glucose and in most people that turns out to be correct but you'll see an exception to this in a moment so why does our body do this and under what circumstances well I think to understand this best is to take a look at the brain and how the brain works and obviously we're not going to get into this in tremendous detail but um if you take what I said a moment ago I said that the brain is effectively dependent on glucose so all of us right now are rolling around you if I measure if I poked somebody in the finger their blood glucose level might be 90 milligrams per deciliter now that doesn't represent a whole lot of glucose that's enough glucose that your brain would burn through that in a couple of minutes but your liver can constantly spit out glucose why because your liver has the ability to store glucose it can store up to 120 grams of it and I use the term glucose and glycogen interchangeably glucose is when you just have one molecule glycogen is when they're joined together in a lattice but they're effectively the same thing so your liver stores this stuff called glycogen or glucose and it can release it and so it can get it to the brain your muscles can store much more glycogen in a typical muscular male you could store 3 to 400 grams worth of glycogen or 1,200 calories but there's a catch it can't leave the muscle so we evolved a Nifty little trick to make sure our muscles kept all the storage glucose for themselves there's a certain enzyme that's missing that doesn't allow it to get out well but we also have an infinite supply of fat right if we have 400 calories of glycogen in our liver and 1,200 in our muscle we've got 100,000 calories worth of fat even in a lean person but yet our neurons don't burn fat certainly not in any meaningful way although there's some evidence to suggest that they might be able to under some circumstances so this presents a bit of a problem because if our brains are entirely dependent on glucose and our brain by the way despite its size is a metabol Al very active organ meaning it consumes a tremendous amount of glucose for its size we couldn't go very long without eating glucose because this guy can't do anything about it this guy can't do anything about it so it's entirely dependent on what you can eat and and what your liver can spit out it turns out our species probably wouldn't be here if it weren't for this Nifty little trick now this Nifty little trick here I'm showing you is a very uh old graph back from um an experiment that was done on a man who fasted for 40 days um and so what you're looking at um are and I really call your attention to the glucose level which started out at a normal level quickly fell and then plateaued and more importantly I'd call to your attention this line and this line which represent two of those three ketones I told you about a moment ago remember those things that our liver makes out of fat so in this gentleman's case for 40 days without eating what was basically happening was with within a few days he was already making a measurable amount of this thing called beta hydroxy berate and in fact by about 7 days he was making more beta hydroxy berate than his body could spit out glucose the discussion of why he still had some glucose being spit out I think is a bit beyond the scope of this discussion I don't want to go down a rat hole but I'm pretty sure at least one of you is wondering why he the glucose didn't fall to zero but the point is this he had a sustained amount of beta hydroxy butter produced from his own fat cells in other words remember a second ago I said the brain can't burn fat and that's technically correct but what the brain can do is something that the liver can turn fat into and that's this thing and if you think about it from an ancestral standpoint there were many cultures though not all where we were expected to go long periods of time without eating and you'd think it would make sense then to be selected to have an ability to create something to get us between bouts of glucose and that thing that gets us between them is this Ketone well how did how did this work for me cuz I didn't starve myself just to let you in a little secret I didn't do a 40-day fast well it turns out there's another way to get into ketosis that doesn't involve starvation and it's carbohydrate and protein restriction now when I say protein restriction it doesn't mean anything beyond consuming protein in modest doses so it just means you can't have massive amounts of protein so it's consume a normal amount of protein but if you really really restrict the amount of carbohydrates you eat you can probably imagine why the same process would kick in because if you're eating say 30 or 40 gram of carbohydrate a day that's actually not enough for your brain to get glucose and of course as a relatively intelligent organism our body is going to figure out one way or another to get its brain fed it's the most important organ in our body somewhat argue and so even in the presence of other dietary things protein and fat our body will start to make those ketones and so that's effectively what I did if you think about that last phase of my experimental Journey was I restricted carbohydrates sufficiently that all of a sudden my liver started making those ketones and that became sort of the dominant fuel uh at least during some aspects of what I was doing so just to give you a sense and I apologize there's going to be some data in here there's you know but by the end of this you're not going to be uh you're not going to be intimidated by any of this stuff so this is a graph that I show you that just looks at my last few months worth of measurements I uh you know because I like numbers and data I like to poke myself a few times a day check my levels of glucose in beta hydroxy butter but just to give you a sense um the xaxis here is showing you my glucose level in millimolars and a normal level uh for a fasting level is between five and six and um on the y- axis you're seeing my Beta hydroxy bate level and a normal level for someone who's waking up after a night of not not eating um would be this would be about 0.1 to2 which is this dotted line so what you can see here is that there's quite a wider range array of variability uh and there appears to also be a correlation meaning the higher my glucose level in the morning generally the lower my Ketone level and vice versa you know the average has been about 5.1 millars that's about 96 97 milligrams per deciliter and my average morning Ketone level is about 1.7 Millar so keep that number in the back of your mind because later on I'm going to show you how these numbers can change with exercise um so so although ketosis wasn't necessary I want to give you a sense of how it fit into the overall Evolution so if you remember this is kind of where I started what you're looking at is a graph of body composition uh but in its crudest form which is basically total weight you know started out at 205 pounds um at 25% body fat so the red shows the mass of fat the blue is the mass of everything else and then you can see uh over time the change so it's not just that the number is going down it's that the red part is going down because that's probably the number that's more tightly linked to some of those diseases we talked about earlier and shortly I'm going to show you something even more detailed than this so what about other biomarkers because I know the first question people always ask is well great I mean look anybody can do anything to lose weight I mean heroin a good heroin habit will help you with weight loss but it's probably not healthy um and that's absolutely correct there are a lot of unhealthy ways to lose weight so what what about other things well it turns out I've looked at every single thing that modern medicine allows us to measure and it would be a topic in and of itself to go through them but at least I'll show you a couple here so if you look at markers of cholesterol for example um lowdensity lipoprotein cholesterol tends to track with risk mine turns out wasn't that high but it has gotten lower um if you look at high density lipoprotein cholesterol that's remember the one that was really low in me that tends to be a four-fold better predictor of risk that actually went up significantly triglycerides also tend to be a very big predictor of risk you want this number as low as possible and that number has shrunk dramatically we've already talked about this and this is a test that measures directly or I shouldn't say directly it's more an indirect measurement of something called insulin resistance which you may recall was what I said was the underlying feature of all these metabolic diseases and what you don't want to have is a number greater than one so I started out about 1.4 and you can see it's now about. 3 so um along with many others you can see that all these sort of biomarkers of Health also improved so I kind of went into this journey trying to fix two things one I wanted to lose weight and specifically lose fat mass and I also wanted to reduce my risk of those five diseases um and so this gives you a sense of how that worked and these are sort of the numbers today which obviously reflect that I was you know I had metabolic syndrome I no longer do and so I I like knowing that at 40 I'm healthier than I was when I was 30 now again some of you are still reeling in this right because you're thinking wait a minute let me get this straight this guy gets 80% of his calories from fat the one thing we have historically been told to never eat that's correct so where is it going because I've still had people who would see this much of the data and say yeah but I guarantee your insides are full of fat so it turns out you can take a look at that so I signed up for this experiment to get um whole body MRI using five Tesla scanner which is like the most powerful MRI scanner on the face of the Earth and for those people who don't do this for a living what you're looking at is a cross-section of me this way and you're looking up from my feet so you're looking at three slices of me from my torso up so because you're looking from my feet up my right is my left and my left is my right so this is the right side of me this is my liver this is my spleen this is stomach and a little bit of colon now anything on this thing that shows up as pure white is fat and so you can see some things are light colored like this is um my aorta that's my vnea those aren't fat those are vessels and so you can see where my fat is I have fat under my skin that's called subcutaneous fat and it turns out you can have a lot of fat under your skin I mean you'll see I don't have that much but there are people who have less and there are some people who would have this much fat under their skin it turns out that's probably not the fat that's causing us harm ter has anyone heard the term visceral fat yeah visceral fat is not that stuff visceral fat is the stuff inside that's the stuff that appears to be what we need to worry about oh where's the squirrel um so it turns out you don't really you see a little bit of visceral fat here perhaps but otherwise there's no visceral fat here at all at least not discernable to the to the eye so what what what radiologist do to understand this better is they run a mathematical transform over that and they look for this Spike so this is what a positive control looks like so this Spike here is representative of the amount of fat within the VIS so in the control you can see that there is what we would guess say is a reasonable amount of visceral fat and then this is mine so even so just to make sure we're not being fooled by the eye according to this test and the person who did this said they'd never scann somebody that had less visceral fat so it appears that it's not like I'm eating all this fat and somehow storing it in my liver so so something else is happening with it so let's talk about performance because I think when you talk about performance you get a bit of a sense of how our body uses energy and really that's what performance is all about right performance is energy management but to do this I think it's important to make sure everyone's in the same field with some of the semantics um so let's again at the risk of getting a little more technical than maybe folks want um I think you'll find this story compelling because it's so exciting when you realize that our body we wouldn't be sitting in this room were it not for this system going on so has anybody here heard of ATP adenosine triphosphate so it's it's sometimes nicknamed the energy currency and uh as its name suggests it's a Denine triphosphate so it's a molecule that has three phosphates on it but what's really special about a Denine triphosphate is when it gives up one of those phosphates and it becomes a Denine D phosphate so it goes from a tri to a die an amazing amount of energy is released in the process now it turns out that our we we wouldn't exist if we went one second without this stuff this adenosine triphosphate so everything our body does is really about optimizing and maximizing and ensuring a constant supply of adenosine triphosphate and there's two primary things that matter the first is Ion transport so if you think about all the cells in your body of which we have more than we can count they exist in gradients which means that they may have more sodium outside than inside more potassium inside than outside and we want those things to exist because without that we wouldn't be able to fire electrical signals for example we wouldn't be able to move we wouldn't be able to think well it costs a lot of energy to force something uphill doesn't it if you want to roll something uphill you have to put energy into it if you want to keep ions in a gradient you have to constantly be pumping them against the gradient and so this ion transport process is shockingly energy expensive um and we use ATP for that every second of every day of our lives and secondly muscle contraction now most of us think of that as a voluntary process I lift this pen or I do whatever but it turns out that we have at least as many if not more involuntary muscle contractions going on not just our heart but even your bowels and things like that and it turns out that muscle contraction requires a constant supply of ATP so if you don't have ATP you're not alive so just think think this through for a second everything our body is doing is optimizing around this process and it turns out there are three ways that our body delivers phosphate two cells and I'm guessing that most of you have at least heard of one of these if not all of them the first is the really really quick system I call it system one it's the creatine phosphate system not going to spend a lot of time on this but folks here who are into bodybuilding or sprinting will be intimately familiar with this powerlifters this is basically the quickest way to get phosphate to a system and it actually bypasses a lot of the other things so it doesn't just deliver it um it doesn't deliver it through the through a complex biomechanical pathway so um so that's the good news the bad news is you don't you run out of it pretty quick you've got maybe 15 seconds worth of it so that's why it's really going to make sense if you're running the 100 yard dash not going to make a lot of sense if you're doing you know a marathon um next system you have is this Anor robic pathway and again most people understand sort of loosely what Anor robic means like if you're going to run you know a quarter miles that's kind of anerobic versus if you're going to go and do dancer size that's aerobic right so what this system does is it provides glucose or glycogen it takes it into an intermediary that I'm going to show you in a second but then and it does all of this outside of the part of the cell called the mitochondria that has oxygen and that's why a lot of people think aerobic means no o anerobic means no oxygen which is a bit of an oversimplification then it realizes I need ATP quicker than I can take that molecule called pyruvate and run it through the mitochondria and generate ATP well I got to get my energy somehow so instead I'm going to make this thing called lactate or lactic acid which will generate some ATP and you'll see in a moment what the pros and cons are of that and then lastly we have this aerobic pathway which can take glycogen and fat and ketones and it can make phosphate in a much more energy efficient way so I already alluded to this point which is glucose and glycogen you get it okay so what does this whole thing look like so let's go into that aerobic and anerobic thing a little bit more because this is kind of going to get into a little bit of some of the the stuff I want to show you later so as I said glucose turns into this thing called pyruvate there are I you know a number of steps that are in between that and it liberates two un of ATP okay that might be a lot but now we need ATP quickly because you're exerting yourself at a level that's demanding energy faster than you can deliver it and by the way that's what makes great athletes great is great athletes can continue to deliver energy at a faster rate using this other system we'll see in a moment so your body pivots it says well okay I'll tell you what I'm going to turn this pyruvate into lactic acid and that gives me another two ATP so I got four ATP and that's pretty good but there are two issues there are two drawbacks one is lactate travels with something called hydrogen and this hydrogen ion tends to make our muscles really stiff it limits the ability of the um ion transports that are required in Russell relaxation so um any anybody who's ever done this sort of exercise can say oh my legs feel like they're burning after I just did a whole bunch of you know runs up and down the stairs that's why it's the hydrogen ion actually not the lactate Okay so if you do have some time though if your body does have the time to actually generate and liberate more energy it runs pyruvate through this very important enzyme if you were only going to remember one enzyme remember this one it's called pyruvate dehydrogenase and then you generate this thing called a cal COA and that goes into something that some of you may have heard of in a biology class called the kreb cycle and that liberates uh what are called reduction intermediates that then go through an electron transport chain and the the point here is you get 34 ATP instead of remember how many you got if you made lactate just two so clearly this is a more efficient process and it turns out if you break if you take a long fatty acid and you just start breaking carbons off you do the same thing so that's the system in a nutshell and I just want you to kind of take home two messages from this oxidizing fat is more efficient than using glycogen outside of the oxidative pathway but there are some circumstances in which only glycogen will do so remember you could use glycogen or fat for oxidation but you can only use glycogen when you need energy quick so an ideal Energy Management strategy would be reserve the glycogen for when you have to have energy quickly and save the fat for when either fat or glycogen would work so one of the things that I think about a lot when I think about my own performance and performance of athletes that I work with is what can we do to glycogen for the times when it's essential and never use glycogen at a time when it's not needed all right next thing we got to talk about to get into the nuts and bolts of this is what I just call you know sort of your energy 101 talk so nobody in this room doesn't know what a calorie is but it's worth spending a second going over this because the technical definition may actually elude some of us so a calorie is actually the amount of heat that's required to raise is the temperature of 1 gr or 1 Mill of water from 142 to 152° C at 1 atmosphere it's a very technical definition actually but it's important because it really allows us to understand that a calorie is nothing more than a way to calculate an amount of chemical energy that can be transferred to this process now you all so so even if you didn't know that I bet most of you do know this that carbohydrates have roughly four kilo calories per gram it turns out that each gram of carbohydrate has 4,000 of these so a lot of people use the word calorie and kilo calorie interchangeably and I may do so and I apologize I'm technically always talking about kilo calories protein has about the same amount of energy and fat has more than twice that amount so that's the first thing I want you to kind of remember so protein and carbs have about four kilo calories per gram fat about nine okay the next thing especially as we get into the next part of this is something called V2 vco2 has anybody heard of those terms certainly if there are any people in here who are athletes who are you know runners or cyclists you may have even had your numbers tested I'm going to show you what that looks like in a second but it it's just good to make sure we got the definition so V2 is the amount of oxygen our body consumes per unit time so it's always given in uh volume per unit time so 200 milliliters per minute would mean that if you had a mask on and it was checking how much oxygen was going in the air that you were breathing less what was coming out you have consumed 200 milliliters of oxygen in a minute that's your V2 and not surprisingly vco2 is effectively the reciprocal of that it's how much carbon dioxide do you produce per unit time and that's also measured in the same thing milliliters per minute now if you take a ratio of those things if you put the V CO2 number on top of the V2 number you get something called a respiratory quotient or the RQ now what does this RQ tell us I wouldn't be going through this if there wasn't something interesting here I promise well it turns out that the normal physiologic range for RQ is about 0.7 up to 1 so think about what that means mathematically that means at the low end you're you're you're breathing out 70% of the CO2 relative to the oxygen you're taking in and at the upper end of that Spectrum they're equal for every molecule of o2 that goes in one of CO2 comes out here's what it tells us it actually tells us what our substrate looks like meaning where that energy came from so if the fat uh if the yellow represents fat and the blue represents glycogen an RQ of 75 allows you to calculate that you're at about 15% energy coming from glycogen 85% energy coming from fat conversely an RQ of9 95 tells you you're burning much more glycogen in fact you're burning a little over 80% glycogen and less than 20% fat so these two main numbers V2 vco2 and their ratio RQ are terribly informative when it comes to understanding where we're getting our energy and if you want to understand performance you've got to understand where you get your energy if you want to understand Energy Management so how do we measure energy expenditure so it turns out that the gold standard for measuring energy expenditure is something called direct calorimetry not going to talk about that today instead we rely on something called indirect calorimetry which is relying on these numbers so energy expenditure is approximately equal to and this if you you can think of this Loosely is about four times the amount of oxygen you consume plus about one times the amount of CO2 you produce this isn't equation it's called the Weir equation and the reason it's got a squiggle there is these numbers aren't hard and fast absolute they vary depending on exactly which fats and which carbohydrates you eat so if you really really really wanted to geek out like I do you'd actually have a spreadsheet that would take all the different foods you eat and calculate Weir coefficients depending on that but for those of you who don't want to do that if you just want to write this down that's the good one to have okay I'm no one's writing it down I can tell so so so we measure this and probably some of you in this room have done this test I've done so this is me on a Bic this is my bicycle riding on a special type of trainer that is a what's called a load generator so the person administering the test is increasing the resistance I have to face and then measuring a whole bunch of stuff so I'm wearing this super uncomfortable mask which is airtight and it has gas sensors on it that measure exactly how much oxygen I'm consuming and exactly how much CO2 I'm producing and he's also correlating that with the power the this low generator is generating and my heart rate and every two minutes he pokes my finger and gets blood for lactate which is why I have a bloody towel on my handlebars and at the end we get a complete performance profile but let me explain to you kind of show you give you an example of how this looks so if the V2 in Mills per minute is going up the V so the more oxygen you're consuming the more CO2 you're generating and you can see that the RQ is also creeping up meaning the growth in CO2 production exceeds the growth an oxygen consumption these two columns tell me how much energy I'm consuming right you plug these numbers into that formula and you get this so at 4,000 milliliters of o2 per minute I'm spitting out 3600 Millers of CO2 the Weir equation tells me that's GM and you got your little treadmill and it's trying to tell you how many calories you're burning I hate to be the bear of bad news it has no clue it has no clue it it's just completely ridiculous I have no idea what their algorithm is but if there's one thing I know it's that that's not true so um and and and so this second column tells you where it came from right this tells me that back here at the beginning of this test when I was only burning 72 calories an hour which is basically like sleeping or falling off a log um most of it was fat and up here it's switched over and so 085 I think of RQ of 085 is a magical Point that's about where we switch over to being glycogen dominant versus fat dominant all right so all of that takes place in garages and things like that now I want to share with you uh something I've actually never presented publicly this will be the first time I ever talk about this um but it's what I would call my very very very enjoyable experience inside metabolic Chambers so remember how I talked about this the research of this how is all this done well it turns out that to measure human energy expenditure is really tricky stuff um and the gold standard for doing it outside of this direct calorimetry which can't really be done on humans um you put people in these rooms and I'll show you in a moment what these rooms look like they're very small rooms and there's only a handful of them in North America I think there are probably 16 or 17 in all of North America and they're very highly specialized research institutes the rooms are quite small small probably about as I said 30,000 l so kind of a 12T X 12T room they are airtight and the ceiling of the room has these flow sensors that have a level of precision that would make Ken Ford very happy um they can detect probably 10 to 20 milliliter changes in oxygen and CO2 concentration that's kind of amazing when you consider a room that's 30,000 L of air and yet it can tell if you consumed 25 versus 50 versus 20 you know so so super sensitive so what I did was uh an experiment where I went into uh several different chambers uh as as part of a calibration experiment um but what we did was we tried to come up with a routine that somewhat matched what I do in the real world although in reality we couldn't um but something that I would do day after day after day in diff in the same chamber and then in different Chambers now there three forms of activity that I I'm actually kind of a weird person I'm I live in Southern California which means you can't walk anywhere like I walk to get the mail but I mean you wouldn't walk to the groceries I mean I'm like the most sedentary human being alive except that I happen to exercise a lot so I'm either swimming or riding my bike or lifting weights or sitting down and so when you're in a room that's 12T X 12T I can't swim in that room or lift weights in that room so the only thing I could really do was um do push-ups do biometric jumps and ride a bike so we could get a bike with a power meter in there so we we together with the scientists designed this sort of algorithm which said okay here's the deal you're going to get in the room at 6:00 a.m. for 90 minutes you're going to lay in bed eyes open no phone no TV no nothing you're not allowed to sleep that's how we measure resting energy expenditure everybody's probably heard of this what's your resting energy expenditure how fast is your metabolism that's how you measure it okay then I get on the bike and I rode 45 minutes uh between 185 and 200 Watts because I have to control where it is so it's not like I can fix it at one number but I I think you know I average it out to maybe 190 Watts so um that's like a modest level of exertion that's a level of exertion that I could hold for a couple of hours but not all day um then I got off did uh 250 push-ups and 30 plyometric jumps onto a 36in box and some core work and I did that over you can see about 45 minutes then I had breakfast then we do another measurement that's called the thermic effect of food which is we do something to measure how much more energy am I consuming to digest my food because you not that you would notice this one wouldn't notice it without this type of measurement but after we eat our metabolic rate actually Rises a little bit and you can see there's basic and I basically repeat the exact same thing later in the day so you're going to see when this the reason I'm going through this is so that when I show you what the whole thing looked like you get a sense of it right and the reason I highlighted these two things in red is they're going to really stand out for you as uh significant changes in energy expenditure so this is kind of what it looks like to be in a chamber uh you're obviously completely isolated nobody can touch you they do have a way to draw blood by poking their hands in the space suit um but basically I'm in there kind of jumping around they have to pass food to you through doubly sealed doors so you could never you basically can't ever expose the chamber to the outside and vice versa I'm also collecting my urine and doing all this crazy stuff so this is me sort of jumping around and this is me doing my bike thing um and they cook for you which is wonderful I had just the most amazing meals there um and they don't just cook sort of the way I would cook I mean they're using a metabolic kitchen so they use something called bomb calorimetry to ensure exactly what I'm eating so they said to me Peter how much do you eat a day and I said I don't know I haven't checked in a while probably 3,000 calories and they said okay what does it need to look like and I said well it needs to look like this this this and this so they said fine we'll make so they designed these three beautiful meals so my breakfast was this great omelette with bacon uh for lunch I had a salad slightly larger than probably two heads put together with chicken and then I had this steak and some spinach and mushrooms for dinner but here's what it worked out to it was 272 gr of carbohydrate 130 g of protein 260 Gams of fat for they hit their target pretty close almost 3,000 calories and and you can see the distribution about 80% of those calories came from fat about 4% from carbs 177% from protein and um I had this exact same meal every single time at the exact same time in each of the chambers again we're really trying to see reproducibility here so remember how I showed you my data for fasting glucose um every morning with fasting ketones which was that curve that sort of s of sort of showed a correlation um just for the sake of space I'm only going to show you two of the three days here but the three all basically look the same what you're looking at is over a 24-hour period how high did glucose and Ketone levels get throughout the day now the green bars show you the period of time in which I was exercising the Red Bar of which there were two the red bars show you the periods of time when I was eating of which there were three and what you'll notice is a very reproducible pattern which is I start out with my sort of normal fasting level of you know maybe one and a half millimolars of ketones you know here I was whatever 5 and a half of glucose and then I did that 90minut exercise routine now what's interesting is my glucose went up that's kind of counterintuitive isn't it now it has to do with the way I ended the session rather than the way I began it because I ended doing those Plyometrics which were very explosive that was a very glycogen demanding activity and remember when your body needs glycogen it can't be using fat it can't even be using ketones the liver has to pump out that glycogen because the muscles presumably even themselves don't have enough and so paradoxically my glucose levels rise and whenever glucose levels rise almost universally Ketone levels fall so then I had breakfast and then you again you see the same thing happens in both places I eat an enormous meal you saw that meal I had and then I check my levels again and now my blood sugar has fallen dramatically and my ketones have risen and again that's completely paradoxical why because for most people when you eat your blood sugar would go up 90 minutes after a meal but in this setting keep in mind there's two things going on one is I've depleted gly logen in the liver so I'm immediately putting back in food that my body wants to store in the liver as glycogen and secondly my body is sort of primed to be delivering these ketones so what it's really trying to do is maximally take the fat to the liver turn that into ketones because remember my body doesn't want to be down here my body wants nice high ketones because that's what it needs um and then so we're taking the glucose and and a significant amount of the protein am eting and turning that back into glycogen which is why the blood sugar is falling and the ketones are coming up so you see this sort of P and the other thing you see is that by the end of the day the ketones are actually quite High and the reason is that second bout of exercise just again kicks that Ketone level way up and the reason that that's happening I suspect although we're really kind of at the limits of I think what we all understand exactly about this process because it's largely based on kind of empirical stuff like this is um you know especially and again this is in my experience that zone in which I was exercising in that sort of 100 85 to 200 watts is about 60% of my uh V2 Max that's the real sweet spot for sort of peak aerobic work and that's really where ketones seem to offer a significant advantage and so my body during that exercise period is basically realizing I'm consuming ketones at a rate much above and beyond what they normally need what you know for example what my brain would need or what I need at rest and so it just ramps up that production and it tends to overshoot a little bit I mean I think that's the simplest way to explain it is there's this huge overshoot and by the way I notice this all the time on Mondays because I always do my long bike rides on Sundays so every Sunday I do a long bike ride and every Monday morning my Ketone levels are through the roof even if I've had a 100 grams of carbohydrates before because all that carb goes back to fill the glycogen stores and my body is still overproducing the Ketone okay so this is kind of the mother shot here what you're looking at here and it's I I know many of you thinking which is I cannot believe I came to this talk tonight um but so so the red line is showing you my energy expenditure so remember this is this is the this is that number that's calculated by the Weir equation this takes my V2 takes my vco2 and it calculates how much energy I'm using at that moment in time so you can see and that's represented on this axis over here so you can see I wake up in you know I show up in the morning I'm just sort of doing that resting energy expenditure below two calories per minute then I get on the bike and you know spend 45 minutes riding and you can see that's much higher 14 calories per minute this is me doing push-ups and Plyometrics this is me eating this is me sitting at the desk there's a Dana Carvey movie where he does I don't know anybody know what I'm talking about where he's got the laser pointer and he's like this is me doing this this is me doing that so um I feel like that now um this is me getting back on the bike a second time um the reason there's a peak here is in the second one we always added a second interval of uh uh 275 Watts for 5 minutes just to see if it calibrates with external testing this is the plyo push-ups another meal blah blah blah and boom I'm sure everybody can see where I went to bed right that's you know two things stand out at people when I was exercising and when I went to sleep because there's a significant reduction from just laying there wide awake to being in complete sleep I think I went up to go to the bathroom here um okay the blue line is my RQ so RQ remember so red line is derived from V vco2 that tells you how much energy I'm requiring to do that Activity The Blue Line tells you where I got that energy from and remember that number normally varies between the two green bars here 7 and one now it turns out that under extreme stress someone eating a normal standard American diet can get to an RQ above one meaning you can actually produce more CO2 than you consume um uh oxygen and it's very rare to get below 6 so the first thing you would really notice here and if you notice nothing else I would say the following my RQ is just dramatically depressed so I never get that high and I typically dip below 7 so somehow I'm just producing less CO2 for O2 consumed and or consuming less O2 um than than one might expect so I want to just dive into show you a couple of them really quickly um so so during sleep a couple things jump out just so this is zooming in on sleep so you can see there's more noise here because now you're looking at a resolution so this is 100 200 300 400 millit per minute and so during sleep I was averaging about 275 milliliters per minute so you can sort of picture that right I mean it's it's NE you know think about what like a 250m container looks like of pure oxygen every minute you're consuming one of those when you're sleeping doesn't really seem like a lot uh my metabolic rate while sleeping then was about 81 kilo calories per hour it's pretty low and my average RQ 77 now conversely when you look at exercise at 60% of V2 Max you can see that average V2 was 2,800 Ms per minute so it's 10 times so think about that from sleeping to vigorously exercising requires more than 10 times the energy and by the way although I didn't do it during this test during other tests when you do what we call a maximal effort you can actually increase that by uh I'm not a good enough person to increase that by 2x but if you look at the guy who wins the tour to France he's going to be 2x that with or without Depo um you can see the metabolic rate is much higher um and the RQ now is up so now my RQ is at about 86 so now I'm about 50% dependent on glycogen because I'm just sort of flirting in and out of that glycogen dependent pathway now here's what's kind of interesting and I'm going to come to this later because this is another one of these things that I've observed a lot in ketosis but I don't observe it otherwise which is my RQ really starts to drop and it turns out because I only exercised for 45 minutes here um you don't actually see the full depth of the drop but when I've done this testing outside where I ride for much longer under these conditions that RQ under the same load that's the interesting part so same load same V2 vco2 continues to go down and down and down it's almost like the body shifts more and more and more towards the beta hydroxy butyrate pathway versus glycogen because that and the fatty acid pathway because that number will get bet down to 75 after a couple of hours I don't know why I find it very interesting and it suggests a pretty interesting performance uh Advantage because now your substrate management becomes a lot easier you don't have to replace as much glycogen and lastly when you look at the plios you can see here much more this is where I was doing the push-ups this is where I'm jumping up and down in the Box um and again you can see V2 here uh a little less than half what it is on the bike I always find this interesting there a lot of people who knock aerobic energy it's it's it's become very out of Vogue to say ah you don't burn any calories doing aerobic energy let me tell you something if you're doing it right you are um so I'm burning much more energy when I'm hammering on my bicycle uh than I am even doing push-ups or plyos I just my point is they're completely separate things and we ought not compare them just for their calorie burning capabilities so I want to come back to the original graph I showed you and point out a couple of things that are a little unusual because I'm sure the question you're asking is so what like what what's special about this so there it turns out when you compare my numbers to the numbers of someone who's eating a standard diet there are um really three things that stand out as kind of unique the first is exemplified by number one and number two here which is my resting energy expenditure and my sleeping energy expenditure appear to be about 20% higher than predicted by any algorithm including the accelerometers skin tension and sensors that I use prior to going into this so if you took all of my body data and plug it into an algorithm and or you put a tracking device on me every one of these basically triangulates by saying my resting energy expenditure ought to be between 17 and 1760 kilo calories per day yet repeatedly in the chamber it's been about 2100 to 2150 calories per day so somehow more energy is being consumed I have some ideas why but I think it's beyond the scope of this discussion the second thing you'll notice I already alluded to which is this very sharp decline in RQ that takes place during the What I Call The Sweet Spot of aerobic activity which is 60% V2 the third thing and this is actually the first thing that one of the scientists um watching me because when the cool thing about being in the chamber is you kind of feel like a goldfish you're in there doing all this stuff and there's a group of people outside with supercomputers effectively watching in real time your data and looking at the air sensors and they're not used to I think having people in there that are as sort of dorky as I am and want this information in real time so I'm on the bike riding and they're on a little whiteboard giving me information but one of the things that one of them pointed out to me that was very unusual was the speed with which my RQ immediately plummeted at the end of exercise and he said it's you know he said it's sort of like your body just is obsessed with burning fat and so it it's not like it can't rise to the occasion to burn glycogen when necessary but it wants to very quickly get back to fat I think for the sake of time I'm going to skip this but I was going to show you the Freel living way that energy expenditure is measured uh I'll mention it in case anyone's interested but I'm not going to go into it it's called doubly labeled water um and this th according to this method over 12 days where you basically drink doubly labeled water and collect your pee all day and all night uh my wife was very perturbed by the fridge full of urine and was I I I I I don't know what to say I think it's totally reasonable thing to do but um it's just crazy right yeah so but anyway according to the doubly labeled water technique my energy expenditure was about 3850 calories per day by the way I allude I didn't mention it on the last slide but the chamber showed that my energy expenditure on that day was on those days was uh between about 4,100 and 4,400 calories per day so chamber my chamber days slightly overshot what my average is because this is a much more accurate representation of my average so I want to just talk about as I I'm coming to a close don't worry about some of the other observations from a keto adapted State and and some you know if there's anyone in this room who studied this and I know there there are some people here who think about this as much as I do there are a lot of anecdotes out there there are a lot of really interesting mechanistic things you know there are people who have studied this extensively in animals and one of the things that they point out is that under certain circumstances you can actually produce the same amount of ATP for less oxygen when you're using ketones rather than using glucose or even fat now what would be a way to sort of demonstrate that could be true in a human well one might be at altitude that might be a place where you could start to see if there's a difference so I want to just share with you a couple of interesting uh pictures so uh I I I go on a trip every summer with a group of friends who are uh exceptional cyclists much much better cyclists than I am and we always pick some epic place to go and last year we went to Colorado and we want to climb all of the major peaks in Colorado so this this day here happened to be up um M Evans which is the highest paved surface in North America so at the peak it's about 14,250 ft uh the tree line is about 11,700 so the last couple thousand feet you're it's just the most breathtaking scenery you're not used to seeing no trees um and so um I want to just show you a couple of things so so this was Independence Pass which was about 12 a little over 12,000 ft this was Mount Washington a little over 14,000 F feet interestingly this photo we we didn't listen to the instructions we were told to go very early in the morning and we were like ah we'll go in the afternoon about 3 minutes after this photo was taken um we got pelted with hail the size of golf balls I thought my carbon fiber frame was going to break um it was devastating I point this out to say the following I seem to feel a heck of a lot better on these days than I normally would have relative to everyone else I didn't make I didn't think anything of it I was actually surprised I was very nervous about the trip because some of the guys lived in Colorado and they kind of live at that altitude and I thought oh I'm going to have to fly in like the night before and amazingly and I had been to C Colorado before I'd been to the Olympic Training Center and i' train there as in swimming but and it was awful but somehow this wasn't awful and I I didn't know what to make of it until I started reading some of this research suggesting that with high enough levels of ketones you can overcome some of these altitude issues the other thing is what I kind of opened with but I think this is now that you've seen the whole Energy play this might make a bit more sense which is look if this represents time and this represents energy need these are identical energy requirements Over The Identical period of time but under two different circumstances the one on the left is what I call the metabolic inflexibility pathway this is the one that says you are constantly requiring glycogen and so if the glycogen is represented by the red here and you contrast it with this scenario which is a much higher threshold to be able to utilize fat I hope you can appreciate why this is going to be a more favorable scenario for most activities because you don't burn through that glycogen as quickly as possible now look all of this would not be worth it if you couldn't use this at all but the point is if you can still access glycogen but you only do it under scenarios of peak demand you have a lot more of it and if you have a lot more of it you have to replace a lot less of it and is there anybody here who's tried to run a marathon carrying their goo and their gels and all of these things I mean these are you know and I did this my whole you know athletic career in fact when I was Marathon swimming I mean the biggest Pro people said oh are you afraid of sharks no does the cold water bother you no what's the hardest part it's how many times I have to vomit because you're just ramming down all of these carbohydrate liquid mixtures because I'm constantly trying to replace all of that glycogen because my body wasn't efficient enough at Burning its own fat um I think for the sake of time I'm going to skip this less frequent bonking uh anybody ever been out on a bike ride or a run or a hike and like you just all of a sudden completely lose focus nothing matters other than eating even if it's the person next to you I mean I'm not I'm not being fous right it's like it's literally and what what's going on physiologically is you're running too low on glucose you're you're running out of glucose in the liver so hepatic glucose output is failing now blood sugar is going off remember those poor muscles with all their muscle with all their glycogen can't do anything to help your brain and so your body is going into a fail state that will result in you basically collapsing and uh you know so so anyone who's been out there and done these long ultramarathon stuff will will know what that's like and one of the beauties of this is it just doesn't happen anymore um because you now no longer are solely depend on glucose you get this thing called beta hydroxy berate and the reason I've got a picture of this truck here is um if you think about it imagine the irony of a truck like this driving down the freeway running out of gas why is it ironic because it's true it does have a little gas tank here that you know it needs but if it ran out of gas you'd simply ask the question well you're carrying a boatload of it here why can't you access it well it turns out you can't right and so that's kind of what that's why I've always thought of as bonking is what I refer to as the inexcusable metabolic failure it's an energy failure at a time when we all have 100,000 extra calories that we simply can't convert into the necessary substrate for our brains so I'll close with the following um this is again it's been a story hopefully not terribly technical um and it's it's mostly just been about this kind of Journey that I've meandered along and and I think people always tend to ask this question which is okay well what should I eat to maximize my health and my performance you know the answer is looking at someone I never have a clue I mean I really don't know uh if there's one thing that's humbled me uh at an increasing frequency over the past couple of years it's my inability to actually be able to figure this out in every case I simply can't and I wish I could but what I do have is kind of a framework that I I offer to people to at least help them start thinking about this and the framework is largely based on two things one is genetic and I should really throw into here epigenetic but to keep it simple it's basically what is your predisposition to insulin resistance this condition that really started my spiraling out of control in my 30s and then secondly what are your Ambitions what are your goals and I you basically can divide the world into four categories this is again an over overly simplistic view but I think Frameworks are okay if they're overly simple which is do you have poor genes and modest goals poor genes and lofty goals great genes and lofty goals or good genes and modest goals and the way you're going to have to finagle what you eat probably depends on which of those categories you fit into and so you know I unfortunately had to really finagle what I was eating because I didn't you know inherit wonderful jeans uh and my Golds were very lofty I wanted to improve my health I wanted to improve my body composition I wanted to improve my athletic performance so the stakes were very high and I didn't really hit the genetic lottery so that's why most people look at me and think gosh his eating is so you know restrictive or whatever and maybe so but you know for me it it really works and yet there are other people um who don't need to do a fraction of what I need to do either because you know their genes are better or their goals are less lofty so um you know I'd leave you with the following which is don't think of this as a one- siiz fits-all it's really about figuring out what you want to get out of it and what you have to bring to the table um and and and so with that I think if we still have time maybe we could take some questions [Applause] well sure seven I'm kidding for those who are paying attention to Ken's intro when you're doing your multi-hour events you're cycling how long are you going without fueling and when you are fueling what are you taking you know so many of the bars and Gils are sugars and and and carbohydrates um so great question so uh for me up to about 3 hours at any intensity I take nothing more than a branch chain amino acid um so effectively no calories that might be like six calories an hour so it's basically just water with a little bit of Branch chain amino acid to minimize uh muscle catabolism once I go over that 3-hour Mark um I do start to replace my glycogen so I do want a carbohydrate I don't need to eat fat per se on the bike because I have an infinite supply of it as you can see I mean we all do um but what I do choose to U deliver are carbohydrates that are very uh slow releasing so that we're not really spiking insulin levels which is going to interfere with lipolysis which is the breakdown of more fat I have two things that I turn to in that situation one is a commercial product uh that I don't sell or you know make any money off but I I've written about it extensively uh it's called um uh superstarch and it's it's made by a company called generation ukan in Connecticut and so I use super starge the other thing I use uh is nuts I use the saltiest nuts that I can find because you know if you think about it after 3 hours of being out there you're actually starting to lose a lot of sodium through your perspiration and and nuts are also a great source of carbohydrate because it's such a slow carb so so that's kind of that's sort of basically my thing whereas in the water you know I'm not I don't swim marathons these days so I'm not in the water long enough to require it and in the weight room similarly I'm just using a branch chain amino acid I I I read your blog uh so I'm wondering uh I thought uh some time ago you said that you were no longer in ketosis uh you have switched out of that but the way you talk today you seem to be in ketosis yes uh for about six months last year I did an experiment of intermittent fasting where I ate one meal a day for 6 months but that meal contained like all of my calories and so you're right the new I used to describe that was something I called intermittent fasting with intermittent ketosis because if you eat just one meal a day the amount of protein that you deliver in that one meal is effectively guaranteed to knock you out of ketosis for a couple of hours so what you're alluding to is this period of time where I cycled in and out of ketosis every day by eating this one massive meal every day and and actually to your question during that period of time I'd worked up to doing six hours of riding with nothing but water so I did that as kind of an experiment is and again people always say you're crazy why do you do that you can't be making yourself better in performance maybe not part of it is I'm pushing the boundaries of what can I do so if if if I had to go out and ride my best for three hours I would eat something right it's the question is finding out how far you can push things and as you can tell I'm kind of just curious about what those limits look like so you talked about um the last time you had a Coca-Cola um have you completely eliminated white sugar and comp uh the like bread and stuff from your diet uh yes so I um actually wrote a blog post about sugar this weekend and I think I calculate it I probably get five grams of sugar a day so that's pretty small the a uh dark chocolate like 85 90% chocolate we'll have about 5 gram of sugar in it I like that as a treat I also get fructose in the form of fruit I love you know um I love low glycemic index fruit berries things like that um so you're you're right I don't I don't again I'm inan ketosis I starch would very quickly take me out of that so I don't eat bread or pasta or anything like that you know my wife and my daughter don't eat like me so my I still live in a house that's surrounded by these things but to be completely honest with you I don't find it particularly tempting and and you know if I'm out for sushi I'm always going to have sushimi my wife will have sushi I'll always try a piece so I like you I'm going to have a little bit of rice here and there uh the other thing keep in mind is I've learned a few tricks over the last two years um for timing carbohydrates to maximize glycogen replenishment so there actually some days when I will eat a 100 grams of carbohydrates and still stay in ketosis and that just speaks to my timing them with when I have basically an empty liver uh for those of us who are not going to be running any marathons anytime soon is the is the benefit of the ketosis on a on a spectrum or is there a break point at which you'll see the health benefits by increasing the amount of fat you eat or do you have to go all the way to ketosis to get it that's a great question and it's one of the things that um so I think I know the answer I believe the answer is not binary I believe this really is a spectrum in fact in my case it certainly was a spectrum if you go back to the um graph I showed of even just the changes in my body composition for the sake of space I could have if we had more space and time I could have shown you the exact same set of graphs for each of my biomarkers and so ketosis was not a step function Improvement in performance body composition or disease risk um it was simply the next stage in the Evolution for me a lot of people ask me including my wife why do you do this like you you could go back to eating where you were just the step before ketosis and have 90% of what you have now and she's absolutely correct part of the reason I do it sounds crazy but I actually really like the feeling of ketones powering my brain I mean it sounds sort of silly but I know that I know there are some people in this room by the way that I just know personally who who also spend time in ketosis there's really a unique feeling that's unlike anything I can describe which is at 400 p.m. having this mental focus that I once only had for two hours of the day um and and I don't you know look it may be that the sugar restriction alone gets you much of that I think it probably does but two years in I've just noticed enough changes that for me personally justify the tradeoffs of which there are many um you know you just you look at Food differently I don't I look at molecules I don't actually see a piece of bread I I see like a bunch of carbon and oxygen and hydrogens I mean it sounds goofy but I that's sort of how I think through things uh I think this gentleman here was next kind of with with that idea in mind with liking the idea of your brain running on ketones what do you think of the potential of exogenous Ketone supplement to enhance performance cognitive function and the potential for that being a metabolic Advantage uh I mean that's boy I think that's like literally one of the most exciting things I've been reading about in the literature I'm um I'm pretty obsessed with it I've actually written quite a bit about it on my blog what he's basically saying is look I just gave you this whole song in dance about the only way you can get ketones is if your liver takes the fat you eat and the fat in your body and makes ketones it turns out that's not entirely true it turns out ketones can be made in a lab now I'm not talking about the nonsense Raspberry Ketone bogus stuff you see on commercials I'm talking industrial strength real ketones or technically precursors to them can be made that you orally ingest that bypass everything I just described they could get you to the same levels that I just showed you there um there are many reasons to consider this by the way there's a lot of evidence to suggest enormous evidence in animal model models and anecdotal evidence in human models that this could offer therapeutic Advantage particularly in Parkinson's disease Alzheimer's disease at least three or four forms of cancer um and of course athletic performance so um it's my sincere hope that these things are commercially developed and brought to Market as quickly as possible I think uh you know obviously there's going to be questions about how can we ensure that they're safe how can we be injur but I think we won't find those things out unless there's some effort to bring them to Market and they can go through that scrutiny that's going to be necessary I kind of lost track of who's next uh okay back there thank thank you very much thank you very much for being a friend of exercise and fat thank you very much um let's see rats okay now when you and and today's medicine when the average person has a lab test and right in the middle of your lecture you mentioned triglycerides and you said you want to have those as low as possible and the average today for a healthy person would be 90 units and yours were around 40 now the nervous system is 67% fat the white blood count the immune system is heavy dependent on fat fat hormones remarkably dependent on fat aren't you afraid of injuring these systems with a triglyceride level of 40 or are you just saying that the ketones are a an effective substitute for the sugar and keeping you healthy um that's a great question so so no I'm not afraid of having and my I think my triglycerides were 20 but um I'm not afraid of it but I'm not proud no um um because I think what's what so so the the serum level that fasting serum level of triglyceride is actually not a particularly relevant number with one exception in that it's a framework and it's a base it's it's a benchmark right meaning it allows a doctor over here and a doctor over here and a patient over here and a patient over here to at least have a standard reference check but I've also done tests where I've checked triglyceride levels throughout the day postprandially post exercise in exercise in fact one time I did I did 50 tubes of blood in 3 days drove my wife bananas cuz I had to drive to her work to draw the blood if I couldn't draw it myself cuz it gets a little hard and because I actually wanted to investigate this question of how much cycling of triglycerides and lipoproteins and all these things are going on in and around my day the long and short of it is this that it's really the lipoproteins that are delivering the triglyceride the cholesterol Esther and phospholipids that's truly important so what I'd be more worried about than a triglyceride level of 22 is a cholesterol level of 22 that would be very disconcerting sir was your cancer uh training did you come across what is the preferred nutrition for cancer cells is it the glucose or ketones or which is yeah that's a great question so when I trained in oncology it was um what was the question again I'm sorry the question was uh during my cancer training did I uh get a sense of the nutritional substrates for cancer meaning I think basically your question is what does cancer want to eat and presumably if you knew that you wouldn't eat that I'm guessing that's the coral are of the question um so so I studied the immune-based system so so to be clear just because I know something about cancer doesn't mean I know something about nutrition and cancer um but I know people who do and I've spoken at length with them um it definitely appears and I actually just had this discussion with a very prominent researcher at Stanford about three weeks ago it's becoming increasingly clear in the cancer Community there are there are at least three if not five cancers that are dramatically impacted by insulin signaling and through another Downstream mediator called insulin like growth factor now we know that cancer cells are defective right I mean everyone sort of has an idea that a cancer cell is not a cell that's doing the right thing if it were doing the right thing it wouldn't be growing in an unregulated manner but part of what's unregulated about it uh or broken maybe is an more accurate way to say that is that it's mitochondria that's the part of the cell that does that aerobic stuff that works on the ketones that works on the fatty acids and that takes the glycogen with the gluc with the oxygen that doesn't seem to work very well in fact cancer cells generate a lot of lactate for this reason which is they're constantly going down that glycolytic lactate pathway and so a lot of anecdotal evidence has emerged that the best diet for result ing cancer may be one that actually restricts the ingredients in our diet that stimulate insulin and igf Insulin like growth factor one now off the Record I've spoken with a number of oncologists who don't want to really enter that discussion but P you know meaning they just don't want to get involved in the sort of nutritional discussion of this I mean they're you know their expertise is in this chemotherapy or that chemotherapy but based on their understanding of the literature they kind of share my view which is probably the best thing for a cancer patient to do is really avoid sugars and very simple carbohydrates it doesn't mean avoiding fruits and vegetables it doesn't mean avoiding you know necessarily even being as restrictive as I am um I do know from speaking with a couple of prominent oncologists that they even prophylactically take medication that reduces hepatic glucose output uh it's my sincere hope that this is you know kind of one of the three or four Mega questions that's going to be addressed scientifically in the next decade uh it's very easy to do um it's not about doing crazy stuff like taking someone with breast cancer and randomizing them to chemotherapy versus a diet that wouldn't be ethical but you could certainly take groups of patients and randomize them to standard of care versus standard of Care Plus complete elimination of sugar I mean I think that's a very interesting and important experiment that needs to be done let's

- Why Peter Attia Changed his mind on METFORMIN: Kind: captions Language: en a few years ago Peter Atia one of my favorite physician influencers started taking metformin for longevity I did not agree with that but I could not tell you why and usually I love his thinking and his reasoning behind why he does things this past year he stopped taking it I can't wait to tell you why this story actually begins with a study in 2014 it was looking at longevity and Metformin metformin also called glucophage is something that I've written prescriptions for since my first day as being a physician it lowers blood sugar by helping sugars cross into the cells and get out of the bloodstream a very powerful Improvement in diabetics and it does not have the risk of lowering the blood sugars too much this study along with several other signals in the literature said that metformin might have an anti-inflammatory or even an anti-cancer Effect one of the reasons I love Peter AA is he would go into extreme detail explaining how metformin increases the activation of ampk and it suppresses the signaling pathway through rabam or mtor and although I love that information most of you probably don't care that much what that means to you is that foran might induce autophagy years later a repeat study looking at a very similar population and the impact on what this drug was doing for healthy people not those with high blood sugar pumped the brakes a bit saying eh it might not have done what we thought it was doing when looking at these two studies the first study that came out in 2012 showed that while metformin did lower those blood sugars if you were diabetic there appeared to be an increased mortality when you took metformin in that setting however that did not seem to be the case in the people who were healthy and had normal blood sugars which is why Peter AA said he was going to take it years later the secondary study came out looking at did this in fact increase the mortality rate of the people taking metformin and again that's essentially what was found the problems with the study and the nuances about whether or not we should trust the information is something I'll let Peter AA and his team of fantastic nerds explain the punchline was he stopped taking the medication because longevity is really what Dr AA is reaching for in order to explain what made me nervous about taking metformin I need to explain how it works inside this vacu or organel inside your cells this is my favorite a mitochondria the PowerHouse of our body it's where energy is made here is my favorite part of the human body this electron chain transport that's on the outer membrane of that mitochondria it's where ions are traded and energy is made and if you block any of these proteins trading ions you will stop life metformin binds right here in complex one with a partial blocking of this energy to make sure you understand how powerful this part of your body is when you take cyanide it completely blocks this transport and of course causes death within minutes one way to tell if somebody's taking their metformin is to measure their Bas line lactic acid when your mitochondria has all the oxygen it needs no lactic acid is made but as soon as you start to inhibit that one place in the chain you will make lactic acid because the oxygen cannot meet the demands of the cell and in this case it's because of where metformin was binding Peter AA routinely checks his lactic acid to prove that he's in zone two for his workout but as he was establishing that he noticed that the metformin was causing his lactic acid to be increased when he stopped the drug his lactic acid went back down to Baseline and his ability to measure Zone 2 was much more accurate the point is that when met foran was on board the signal telling us that the mitochondria wasn't getting enough oxygen was the elevated Lac IC acid as soon as he stopped that it went back to normal lactic acid you might have learned about this in middle school where they said yes when you're running really fast your muscles will hurt they probably blamed lactic acid now it turns out that's not why your muscles were hurting but the concept that you couldn't get enough oxygen to the mitochondria and therefore your lactic acid Rose now that part was true as Peter AA lived with a constantly elevated lactic acid because of his met foran the question he was trying to answer was was met foran elongating his life or was it cutting it shorter the best part of this story is that Peter AA Used the science to make the first decision and then learned more and made the second decision I've changed my mind too check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @SindhuJacob-lf3ty [2 likes]: Metformin  has been available for over 250 years, talk about  track record that is Metformin Every medication has its pros and cons.This is a medication that my patients who are in the late 90s even crossing hundred are still safely taking and has been doing well.
  2. @mikecamacho1934 [1 likes]: Berberine 30mins before your meal, sequence your meal(veggies, protein, carbs) fenugreek with your meal then a 20-30min walk 30mins post meal.  Then watch out blood sugar.  Stay away from manufactured foods.
  3. @KathleenLee-w8e [1 likes]: METFORMIN TOXICITY!!! Spent a month in the hospital with it. Kidney failure, dialysis, ventilator, Lactic Acidosis!! My kidneys returned to normal after 3 months, as well as my heart. That month was torture. NO more Metformin! (I was on it for 20 years)
  4. @sonnyinaz: Been a diabetic 30 years.  Metformin was the second pill i was given to use.  First took Glipizide, but when dieat and excersize my blood sugar went into the 60's.  So onto Metformin, which did absolutely nothing to lower my sugar.  Supposed to help prottect the kidnets and keep the liver from making too much sugar..  Oh well, best way to deal with diabetes is go ketosis.  It works.
  5. @firasfrancis7726: Is there any study on why when i drink energy drink, i fall asleep, even if I'm diabetic ?? .. zero sugar energy drink ?..
  6. @aceeg69: Why don’t he talk about it working for diabetes?
  7. @MikeLyons2011: Metformin caused muscle pain and weakness for me, most notably in my legs. I lost about half my lifting strength and my endurance for intense exercise cratered. Would never touch this stuff ever again.
  8. @wynnhartley: Lol. Metformin has been prescribed for years and NOW we're going to demonize it? And from a guy who praised Epstein for what a deviant he is (yes, it's in the files, look it up). But GLP 1s are pushed like crack. I guarantee you its the GLP 1s that are deadly. Just look at the people taking them who look like death now---- pointing at you Demi Moore, Kelly Osbourne (all the Osbournes now, apparently) and many more. I don't trust anything this guy says.
  9. @billmoyer3254: 100mg of Metformin caused me endless GI issues. Big time pain. I can't take it at all. Berberine work well for me.
  10. @kathleenrivard5440: Metformin made me miserable I was on it 18 months and it never improved anything
  11. @jarod72pm: Problém s kyselinou mléčnou lze vyřešit velmi jednoduše. Stačí brát pravidelně aktivní formy vitamínů skupiny B , hlavně vitamin B1 který redukuje významně negativa metforminu . Mluví o tom Dr.Berg na youtube !
  12. @rumblestein7651: You are talking about metformin not Berberine. Berberine does not stop mitachondria.
  13. @rumblestein7651: You like peter Theil the antichrist guy ? Wow .
  14. @georgeelgin3903: i think there are multiple reasons to dis`respect` metformin ... here is what ai had::

'"'Metformin's effect on muscles is complex: it can promote muscle health by reducing inflammation, clearing senescent cells, and improving adaptation in older adults, potentially reducing muscle pain. However, it can also induce muscle atrophy (wasting) by increasing myostatin (a muscle growth inhibitor) and reducing muscle protein synthesis, especially when combined with exercise, potentially hindering hypertrophy (muscle growth). The outcome often depends on dosage, individual health, and whether it's combined with exercise. , , , ""

MAYBE blaming Lactic Acid is a myostatin Analogue
  15. @Eric-iq2tk: I give up. Supplement influencers always change their tune.
  16. @prashanttimblo8734: I sort of believe this woman based on her past comments.
I have a strong Biochemistry undergraduate background that tells me that the world of science proposes what makes money.
Once in a while their complicity leaks out as this may be the case. The lesson to me is DO NOT TRUST ANYTHING THAT HAS A COMMERCIAL AGENDA. Including Allopathic Doctors and Pharmaceutical profits. The whole planet is corrupted and we need to live with whatever possible.But I would try and stay away from anything commercial, as far as possible.
  17. @changingears: so what you're saying is that type 2 diabetics who are dependent on metformin will actually shorten their lifespan by taking it?
  18. @LanaUSA212: Do research for yourself on Metformin. There is a research that states that Metformin can prevent number of cancers and it can also help chemo treatment. Also there is some research about Atrovastitin type of anti-cholesterol med that works with Metformin to prevent cancer. Do not listen to this so called U tube experts. Do legit recearch by reading scholastic recearch
  19. @trextrextrex: Scientists and doctors. If only they knew
  20. @crisalf8049: Every doctor has their own opinion, but what is known for sure is that a medicine that is good for one disease affects and disrupts the functioning of another. And what you need to know is that what is good for one patient is not good for everyone. That's kind of the trend, a medicine appears and applies to everyone🥴.

- Episode 1  Peter Attia on how to live longer and better: Kind: captions Language: en I don't always listen to podcasts, but when I do, I listen to STEM Talk, interviewing the most interesting people in the world of science and technology. Stay curious, my friend. Welcome to STEM Talk. STEM Talk. STEM Talk. Welcome to STEM Talk, where we introduce you to fascinating people who passionately inhabit the scientific and technical frontiers of our society. So, today we're really excited to have Dr. Peter Attia on our podcast. Uh and we also have Dr. Ken Ford, IHMC's director, with us. Thank you, Dawn. How are you? I'm doing great. Thank you. So, we were just talking about how the esteemed Dr. Attia was chosen for this podcast. Can you give us a little information about how IHMC came to uh to choose Dr. Attia as one of our guests? In fact, he's one of our inaugural guests, and uh all the guests for this podcast are selected by the same uh very grueling uh selection process. It's uh a double-secret selection committee uh chaired by myself uh selects every one of the guests, and Peter was one of the first ones that sprang to the committee's collective hive mind. Well, I think he's a perfect choice and a very very lucky man to be chosen by that committee. I'm beyond influence. So, Dr. Attia has a pretty interesting background, very eclectic background. I'll say. Yeah. And do you Do you know Dr. Attia personally, Ken? Yes, uh I know him pretty well and uh consider him a a friend. You know, Peter's a kind of a Renaissance man, and that word gets thrown around a lot, but in this case it sort of fits, right? So, Peter is a top-drawer physician, uh former McKinsey uh consultant. This is a premier consulting firm. A ultra endurance athlete, like swimming to Catalina Island and other ridiculous stunts. A relentless self-experimenter. Uh and most recently president and co-founder of NuSi, a not-for-profit he founded with Gary Taubes. And now he's uh focused on longevity, and that's actually what he's going to be talking about in today's podcast. Oh, that'll be terrific. And uh Peter's just the guy to hear from on this topic. He uh I believe he's going to share with us his primary drivers of longevity and health span. And some of these drivers make sense. They're kind of common sense, like don't do illegal drugs, drive with a seatbelt on. My favorite one is don't do stupid things. Don't do stupid things. But that's actually the hardest one to obey. I I know people that obey the other seven and they fail on don't do stupid things. Stem Talk. Talk. Stem Talk. So, first off, I just want to start off by welcoming Dr. Peter Attia to today's podcast. Well, I'm happy to be here. So, Peter, let's just get started with your background. You studied math and engineering before you went into medical school. What drove you into being interested in medicine? Um it's kind of a long story, so I have to think how to give the abridged version, but um I was always interested in aerospace engineering, uh which is why I studied mechanical engineering and math. But at the same time when I was in college, for reasons I'm not sure why, I just uh volunteered at a kids hospital and volunteered with uh a group of uh kids who were abused. And sometime around my senior year, I became uh much more uh interested in the plight of these kids and young adults that I was seeing in the hospital. And for for reasons I I won't go into here, just felt that maybe my calling was actually to go into medicine and not aerospace engineering. And so I, you know, just sort of made that decision after I graduated and I bypassed the PhD program I was going to go to and decided to, you know, take the prerequisites to go to med school and then begin that path. So, kind of non-linear, but you know, sort of a change of heart. Well, when one thinks about it in today's emerging medical environment, math and engineering are pretty useful backgrounds. Yes, I've never regretted it and to this day I find myself still still in the fortunate position of having undergrad students reach out to me and high school students reach out to me asking, you know, what do you recommend I should study in college before I, you know, apply to medical school. And my advice is always generally the same, which is I think you should study anything that is not what you're going to learn in medical school. Um there's really no need to study biochemistry or anatomy or anything that has to do with physiology because you're you're going to learn that all. You're you're much better off learning something that you know, will teach you a set of skills that will be valuable there. And for me, there was probably no better thing to have spent um all that time working on than engineering and mathematics. And they still in many ways color how I think about the world. Absolutely. So, at a certain point you switched from clinical medicine to studying nutrition and then eventually taking on an interest in longevity. So, how did that happen? Well, you know, it's sort of um So, I left clinical medicine uh largely due to you know, the same sort of frustrations that I think you know, I had a friend who once said to me that there are only two things that drive significant change in a person's life. Uh one is um abject misery and the other is profound inspiration. And and if I look back at my life, that's always been the case, right? So, anytime I've undergone an orthogonal change in direction, it's been one of those two, and the decision to leave medicine was more of the former than the latter. I was really frustrated with everything that had to do with the system. I was frustrated with how we trained residents. I thought it was a horribly inefficient system. I was you know, what I referred to as uh our continued defiance of natural selection, meaning this idea of you know, endless resources being spent you know, to eke out incremental days or weeks of life at inordinate cost. Uh so, the whole system just didn't make sense. I mean, so I so I left that. But, and then to your second question, the longevity stuff, I think became a real interest in about 2008, 2009. Um just on a personal level when my daughter was born and and uh I think that was sort of a maybe the there's a there's a step function change in a person's life, I think, there, and you realize that, you know, it's not just about you anymore, but also in my case, I think I also just was amazed at how much I enjoyed her existence and and realized that now quantity of life mattered as much as quality, whereas previously, I think I'd only thought about quality of life. STEM Talk is an educational service of the Florida Institute for Human and Machine Cognition, a not-for-profit research lab pioneering groundbreaking technologies aimed at leveraging and extending human cognition, perception, locomotion, and resilience. So, to kick us off, um let's just go just briefly over what you've identified as the eight key longevity drivers. And if you could just kind of give a brief overview for each of them, and then we'll go back and talk about each of them in more detail later on in the if if it's okay with you, maybe even before jumping into that, I think it's worth setting the stage for why I think it's worth framing the problem that way. Is that okay? Absolutely. So, I've thought about this problem a lot, and this this might actually be where engineering comes in handy. So So, the problem of longevity, it seems to me that you always want to find natural experiments. And the most obvious place to look for natural experiments is within our own species. And so, we look to the centenarians. And these are people who, obviously by definition, live to be 100 or more. And there are enough of these people around that a few patterns have emerged. And people like near Brasilia, Albert Einstein, have studied these people and written about them extensively. And one of the most interesting things that I observed in reading this literature was that centenarians die of basically the same diseases everybody else dies of dies of in about the same distribution. With one exception, which is they just get the disease 20 to 30 years later. This is important, right? Why? Because if centenarians all died in car accidents or plane crashes, you might be left with the impression that they are completely and genetically immune to chronic illness. And that eventually they just die when, you know, something else kills them, right? Like we'd all die of an accident if we could be immortal from a chronic disease standpoint. But that's not the case, right? So, they still die of heart disease, they still die of cancer, they still die of, you know, Alzheimer's disease. They just get these diseases much later in life. So, the the first observation is that longevity is first and foremost about delaying the onset of chronic disease. I say chronic disease because that's really what's going to kill the majority of us. Um especially when you live in the Western world and you've, you know, rooted out a lot of the, you know, infant mortality, the, you know, infectious diseases, all of these other Um you know, there's about a 70 to 80% chance you're going to die from cerebrovascular, cardiovascular, cancer, or neurodegenerative disease, of which Alzheimer's is far and away the most common. So, the first step in thinking about longevity is how do you delay the onset of chronic disease? And to me, that's actually a much simpler problem to go after than the broader statement of how do you live longer. And so, so that's the first sort of natural experiment you would you would look at. The second thing I would turn to is the animal literature on longevity. And you have to you have to be careful how you interpret it, right? Because the animal literature has shown us that you know, there are there's certainly one intervention that seems to not always, but often produce results, longevity results across most species, and that's caloric restriction. I think we're also seeing evidence that think you know, pharmacological agents that inhibit rapamycin, uh pardon me, that inhibit mTOR, the mammalian target of rapamycin, also tend to produce longevity. But if you dig a little bit deeper, you realize that caloric restriction may not actually produce longevity in the wild, even within animals, and it certainly may not be an appropriate solution in a in a in in humans in the wild. Um but can we learn something from it? And so so so the second theme that emerges in addition to this understanding of what happens with centenarians is what what are the CR mimetics, meaning caloric restriction mimetics, things that mimic whatever the beneficial impact of caloric restriction is, and how can we apply those things? And and I think that comes down to nutrient sensing. And so, okay, with those two big things said, yeah, I think there are eight variables, levers, tools, call them what you want, that we have some control over, cuz we don't really have control over our genes and so we know from the genetic studies of the centenarians that oh they might actually have a differential expression of APOC3 and they might actually have less IGF and all of these other things. But we can't really control those things genetically. The question is can we control and manipulate those things through quote unquote lifestyle, a term that I hate. And I think the answer is yes, right. So I think those eight things that we have control over that can both enhance our lifespan, i.e. make us live longer and enhance our health span, make us live better are what we eat how we move, which of course includes how we exercise, how we sleep, how we manage chronic stress, how our hormones are optimized, what drugs we take what our sense of purpose is and to some extent our social support network and what do we you know, are we able to avoid harmful behaviors? There's there's always going to be you know, and most people are surprised to learn this the fourth or fifth leading cause of death in the United States is accidental death which is of course a waste bucket term but you know, it's still an enormous number of people who die by accident. And within that of course auto is the the largest by far followed by accidental poisoning followed by falls and so auto accident, accidental poisoning and falls account for 80% of all accidental deaths and accidental deaths are the fourth or fifth leading cause of death. So we can we can mitigate a lot of those things as well and those are you know, I kind of think of some of those things as pretty low hanging fruit. Yeah, it seems like some of those might be pretty easy while others might be more difficult. Certainly. It It seems that in many cases given our current and often modest level of knowledge that that when you look at drivers of longevity and the options we all have that we face suboptimal trade-offs. You know, we look at lifestyle, nutrition, exercise choices. And you can find a a benefit associated with longevity and uh and you might find a benefit with another choice associated with health span and they might not be the same. And I I I think this notion of trade-off is is fascinating and I think you've thought about this a good bit and this is likely to come up I think the rest of our discussion uh today. You know, I saw a patient today in my office um who was inquiring about a certain hormonal intervention which unquestionably is going to increase his quality of life in the short run. But it was important for me to explain to him that in his case this was also going to significantly increase his risk for you know, cancer. Um and so you know, I had to explain to him why that's the case and it's not to say one is right or one is wrong. It's you've just got to appreciate the trade-off that's going on in this particular case and then of course the same is true with our choices in nutrition and our choices in exercise. I don't always listen to podcasts. But when I do, I listen to STEM Talk So speaking of nutrition, you name that as one of the key drivers of longevity and I'm sure you get this question a lot. But what kind of food should we be eating to increase longevity? Well, unfortunately it's not I don't think it's that simple, right? And it varies by individual. So I think it again comes down to a handful of themes. We have to go back to what what do we know about caloric restriction? What is it about caloric restriction that is producing a desired outcome? And And what is it that's not, by the way? Because again, I think, you know, when you speak to some of the most sophisticated people in this space, you know, the people that I look to as my mentors, guys like Steve Austad, Dave Sabatini, who by the way is the guy that discovered mTOR. you know, I think most people believe that caloric restriction actually in humans would not produce a longevity survival and longevity advantage. I even had this discussion with Valter Longo, who I was actually surprised that that was his point of view as well, that which was, you know, a calorically restricted individual is likely going to have a lower risk of diabetes and heart disease and cancer, but they're likely going to succumb to something catastrophic much sooner, right? They're going to have immune deficiency, they're going to be far more susceptible to falls to these other things. So, So, what is it about CR that mattered? What's the good stuff, right? The good stuff has to do, I believe, with a an environment of cell signaling, cell growth, and nutrient sensing that is all promoting delayed growth. So, what does what does that look like? At the top level, that means mTOR activity is generally going to be lower. Now, that turns out to be one of the hardest things to measure. We can only measure that in snapshots. We can't integrate that. Uh so, the inability to integrate biologic signals to me is one of the greatest challenges with studying longevity in a super rigorous level, right? So, hemoglobin A1c is a sort of rare exception where you have a you have an integral. It's It's a crappy integral, by the way, but it in theory gives you 90 days worth of glucose. If we have time, I'd like to come back and go off on that a little bit more cuz I have a new tool that I'm using that makes this more interesting to study. but when it comes to like IGF levels or activity or mTOR, we just get these snapshots. But nevertheless, we want to see that we want to err on the less active side there. We want to see IGF levels lower. Uh we want to see AMPK kinase more active. We want to see RAS less active. And so how do we do that? Well, that really comes down to a couple of things, two big things. The first is um efficient glucose disposal at the lowest level of insulin possible. That's that's that's one. And then the second one is probably the lowest amount of protein intake necessary that is sufficient to maintain muscle mass. So we don't want to go too far on protein restriction because while we get a whole bunch of benefits, i.e. those that we see with chloric restriction, we can actually see some downside. Anything that's going to reduce muscle mass is going to be bad in the long run. I'll talk more about that in the exercise section. On the other side, we have to make sure that glucose intake is limited to that which the individual can dispose of quickly and efficiently without any hyperinsulinemia. And so again, if you think about this from an AUC perspective, which means area under the curve, you you you know, while we can't do this in a practical setting, we can only do this in the lab, you take an individual and you draw their insulin level every 30 minutes over 24 hours, you can generate a curve and the area under that curve called the AUC, you want that to be minimized. And so you want that to be minimized of course in the context of disposing of glucose. So someone with type 1 diabetes would have a zero AUC, but that's not good of course because they're not putting any glucose away. So the challenge is how do you minimize them you know, if you think about this mathematically, how do you minimize mu, which is the mean level of glucose, sigma, the variability of glucose, and the AUC of insulin. Those are the three things I basically walk through life asking how can I keep those three things to a minimum. So now you're probably thinking, Peter, why don't you say one thing that's practical here. So so what does that actually mean, right? So again, it varies highly by the patient. Um I I can tell you in great detail what it means for me, right? So uh as Ken knows, I spent about two and a half three uh actually about three years in in nutritional ketosis, which is a really fun experiment. And I'm sure you've had others on this show and Ken himself knows this as well as anybody. So you So you know what nutritional ketosis is. Now, I'm not in nutritional ketosis anymore. Um but I but I'm eating probably no more than about 125 to 150 g of carbohydrate a day. It's a very specific type of carbohydrate and the time of day at which I consume it is such that I I've basically figured out how to game the system. I know when to consume carbohydrate to dispose of it maximally. Uh that also speaks to the tools that you can use to do this. So you I wear a continuous glucose monitor. So I have a device that's uh implanted in my uh like just in the in my belly. Um like anterior abdominal wall. It's a disposable device, so you change it every 10 days and it's measuring glucose every 5 minutes. So I have basically continuous real-time glucose readings and it's That's been a very powerful tool to help me appreciate the impacts of exercise and stress and various, you know, dietary intakes on on my glucose level. So I know what my average glucose level is running, you know, for a 30-day period of time and I'm constantly thinking about how to keep that at a minimum. That makes sense. You know, you mentioned the ketogenic diet and as you know, for over a decade I've enjoyed what one might characterize or certainly Jeff Volek would characterize as a well-formulated ketogenic diet. And I saw a lot of physical and cognitive benefits and uh I sort of hope that the elevated ketone levels are prophylactic with respect to several diseases associated with aging. Plus I just feel better. But interestingly, you mentioned circulating IGF-1 and when you're in ketosis, your circulating IGF-1 goes down about 30% and um mTOR is down. So that's interesting as well. Yeah, in theory if you if you think about the extremes of my framework, it does point to a ketogenic diet. Why? Because the mTOR is driven by amino acids, right? So, David Sabatini's group at MIT in September published a paper and that showed that they they they they basically identified what the what the sensor was and it's it's a leucine sensor, right? So, um it's certainly sensitive to other amino acids, but leucine leucine runs the board on that. So, if you want mTOR to be low activity, you don't want a heck of a lot of amino acids floating around. I.e. you want protein to be relatively low. And we know that IGF is driven by two things, right? And there's there's some debate in the world on this. There are some people who think it's purely just driven by um by by by amino acids, specifically methionine. Um and then there are others like me who think that that's half of it, but half of it is actually related to insulin because of the effect of insulin on IGF binding protein. And so, it's a two-pronged issue, right? Which is how much IGF is being produced and then how much of that IGF is is actually available. And so, if you go through the math, you'd say, "Well, gosh, the ideal diet should be one that minimizes glucose to minimize insulin, but also minimizes protein, which of course a well-formulated ketogenic diet has relatively small amounts of protein in it because you spare so many amino acids and the majority of the diet becomes fat. And it's really funny every time I talk to you know, sort of one of the godfathers in this space and I walk them through this, they completely agree with you until you get to the So, then the rest is fat. Because they go, "Well, wait a minute. That can't be right." Right? So, it's like totally agree that you you want There's no rea- no reason to have 500 g of carbohydrate a day and you don't need 200 g of protein a day, but you got to eat something. So, I think for for individuals for whom a ketogenic diet works and I was certainly one of them. Um you are one of them, Don. You know, we have lots of friends who are in that camp who just have remarkable responses to ketogenic diets. You know, I think it's a remarkable tool. That said, I've had the privilege of taking care of a lot of people for whom ketogenic diets don't work very well. And I haven't figured out why. There seems to be a genetic basis there and that's something I'm looking into more. And it would make sense that people would have variation in in that respect. yeah. And and it's frustrating to me to no end. It's frustrating for the patients because you see a lot of patients who you know, they just want this so badly to work and and it doesn't. And there's no denying it, you know, when you see their LDL-P skyrocket to 3,500 nanomoles per liter, when you see their CRP skyrocket, when you see all of these changes that go in the wrong direction from a lipoprotein standpoint, from inflammatory standpoint, from a hormonal standpoint. You can tweak it all you want. You can say, "Well, maybe there's too much omega-6 or maybe you got to go more mono mono-unsaturated versus saturated fat, but you know, you've only got a handful of levers to pull there and in the end you sometimes have to just acknowledge that this diet is not optimal for this person. And yet, interestingly, I'll take that patient and I'll put them onto a relatively carbohydrate restricted non-ketogenic diet and we can have amazing results. So, I just one of the things I'm hesitant about getting into the diet discussion is I really think that you know, we do patients a huge disservice when we sort of talk about the diet versus talking about the molecules and the physiology. And so, if a patient comes into to see me, I it's I really I tell them up front I'm completely agnostic to the diet, right? If you tell me you want to be a vegetarian, fine. We'll make this work for a vegetarian. But let's think about what the molecules are and what the biochemistry looks like to to produce our optimal change. And then, to your point, Ken, we might have to make some tradeoffs. You know, there might have to be an optimization cost curve here. Absolutely. I mean, when you look at all the various uh and now the rich genetic information available to each of us it seems like we're all engaged in a series of trade-offs. Uh for example, earlier you talked about leucine and no doubt leucine is a powerful stimulator of mTOR, but it's very tissue specific. Yeah, I mean I think it's it's it's it's very tissue specific, right? And so I mean so once I saw that paper and of course I'd spoken with David about it months before it came out. So even before it came out I went out and got like, you know, Dom actually helped me find some really good pharmacologic grade leucine. So what I'd start doing is during my workouts I'd actually spike my drink with 5 g of leucine for in workout, right? Meaning that's what I do as well. Yeah, while I'm in the midst of working out I actually want mTOR in my muscle and to be really specific it's mTORC1 that we want, right? It's it's it's this complex one of mammalian target of rapamycin. And I want within the muscle, which by the way the muscle has a higher affinity for leucine than the other tissue sources of mTOR, I want that guy completely saturated with with it. And by the way when you're providing free leucine it has a very short half-life. So you know, you're going to pee most of that out anyway. Um so yeah, leucine deficiency absolutely problematic, but then of course the other end of that spectrum is if you're mainlining this stuff 24/7 you switch it over and that's, you know, biology. a really smart guy once told me that one of the problems with biology is it keeps reusing the pieces over and over again. And that's the problem, right? It's very rare to find tissue specificity. you know, the thing that turns on metformin that the pardon me, the thing that turns on mTOR in the liver and the fat and the muscle it's kind of the same thing. And yet we don't want them all firing or all not firing. So it becomes very challenging to hack that system. And it's in fact it's the exception when we find tissue specificity. Right? So so you look at like over the counter proton pump inhibitors like Prilosec. That's a remarkable drug when you think about it. It's it's managing to inhibit the proton pump within the parietal cell within the stomach. That's amazing. Imagine it inhibited that cell in every part of the body. It would be a lethal drug. Yeah, you'd be dead. Yeah, I I agree with you and in fact I think that it's a sensible approach to ingest, you know, based on depending on your size, 3 to 5 g of leucine intra workout during the workout. otherwise not be slamming protein all day. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. Specificity generally wins the day. So, Peter, let's talk about the role of insulin and disease causation. You mentioned this, you know, we've talked about this a little bit up to this point. You have this great blog that you put out there called The Eating Academy, which is an incredible resource to the community, but it used to be named The War on Insulin. Can you expand on that a little bit? Yes. When I started it in 2011, it was The War on on Insulin because it seemed too long to write The War on Insulin Resistance, which was really what I wanted it to be. and and I'm glad it's not The War on Insulin Resistance because I've now come to realize nobody actually knows what insulin resistance is, and myself included, right? And and and and I mean, I don't know that I'd speak for him and he might get upset if I said this, but I'm not even sure if Gerald Reaven knows what insulin resistance is. And I think most people would agree Gerald Reaven is the godfather of insulin resistance. So, Gerald Gerald Reaven is a scientist um an endocrinologist at Stanford who is amazing, right? I mean, he's just this legend of a man. Um he's the guy who basically identified what was originally referred to as syndrome X um in the mid-90s that we now refer to as metabolic syndrome. So, he identified this cluster of issues, right? And the the cluster is trunkal obesity, elevated blood pressure, elevated blood glucose, elevated triglycerides, and depressed HDL cholesterol. And when you see those things together, where those five things go, so too do really bad things go. Uh Jerry, of course, also pioneered a test called the insulin suppression test, which uh along with something called the euglycemic clamp is really the gold standard for measuring glucose disposal. But we still have this term called insulin resistance. Now, we all sort of know in theory what it means, right? Which is, well, it means that you need a lot more insulin to do the job of insulin. So, if, you know, someone would normally produce 20 units, you might require 60 units to do the same amount of glucose disposal. And I think it's fine to leave the definition as that, but of course, where it runs into trouble is the same thing we were just talking about a minute ago. Well, wait a minute. How's the effect of insulin on a different tissue? When you're when I mean, a person's insulin resistant, they seem actually more likely to put on adipose tissue, to get fatter. But that seems like a paradox, right? That would seem like the adipose tissue is actually quite insulin sensitive. So, is insulin sensit- Do we when we say insulin resistant, do we mean the muscle becomes more resistant to insulin, but the fat cell becomes more sensitive to insulin? And what does it say about the hepatocyte? That's a totally different thing. So, Okay, so long way of saying I don't I don't have a clue what I'm talking about when it comes to this, and I'm not sure anybody does, but I sure do love talking about it with people who are smarter than me. Hey, you're listening to STEM Talk, and we're interviewing Dr. Peter Attia. You can find out more information on some of the things that he's talking about in today's interview at his personal blog, eatingacademy.com, where he talks a little bit more about ketogenic diet, intermittent fasting, and some of the other approaches that he's discussing with respect to improving wellness and longevity. Earlier when you were talking you mentioned IGF-1. And if we look at a a recent paper that's looking at exceptionally long-lived humans. Mhm. And we find overall as you might as you might surmise quite low levels of circulating IGF-1. But in this paper the effects seemed to be a very clearly gender-specific. So this wasn't It favored women didn't it if I recall? Yes, there was no difference in males but in women it was pretty noticeable. And then it it had a big impact in both genders if you had a previous history of cancer. if I recall. Right. Right. I thought I thought that was fascinating. So that was Near's group at Albert Einstein. Very interesting study. Yep. Yep. Um not sure what to make of it of course because it's it's it's retrospective. And that's all we're ever going to get. There is going there's there will never be a prospective study in this. But I take it I you know again I think the precautionary principle has to be taken into account, right? Which is the preponderance of evidence uh suggests that lower levels of IGF are better for longevity. And in particular so so but but there's a nuance here by the way that is really interesting. The nuance is this. Central levels of IGF when they're higher produce better cognitive outcomes than lower. So this gets back to the the quandary of Like it would almost be pleasant if we could just say low IGF across the board is the way to go except for this little observation which is low IGF from the neck down appears to be a really good thing. Especially with respect to cancer. But also cardiovascular disease. But high IGF level levels above the neck seems to be a good thing when it comes to Alzheimer's disease. And so the holy grail, of course, and you can see where this is going, is the IGF antibody. Right, so a pharmacological agent that peripherally blocks the IGF receptor. So it's an it's actually an antibody to the IGF receptor. So it blocks IGF, but it doesn't cross the blood-brain barrier. Yeah, the you when you look at IGF-1 and also you mentioned mTOR extensively earlier. Um these are classic examples of the trade-off problem we discussed earlier. You know, they play critical roles in muscle protein synthesis and one of the topics that I think is under attended to uh in society and in particular in the average clinician's office is sarcopenia. Mhm. It's a real problem with serious outcomes. And so again, there seems to be a trade-off at at hand there to some extent. Um weak and fragile does not make an exciting future. One can go to a nursing home and look around and uh and appreciate that. And so I I I I think this is a fascinating trade-off and I think we're just scratching the surface on IGF-1. You know, some of the most recent uh research in sarcopenia indicates that one of the drivers for this is a general anabolic hormone resistance, very much like insulin resistance that we earlier agreed that we don't fully understand. But the you know, these people are demonstrating IGF-1 resistance at the receptor level. I think that's that's interesting. It it really is. Um and when we talk about exercise, I'll hopefully make this point as as well that um muscle mass matters. Um and the more of it you have the better. And it doesn't matter if you're a woman or you're a man. We should all be striving to have as much muscle as we can in a functional capacity. So, Peter, let's move into exercise. You've identified that as another key driver of longevity. And I've heard you say that most of us train in a {quote} no man's zone. What do you mean by that? Well, um you know, I think there's two reasons to to sort of train and this is this is again just my my opinion, which I I think can be taken out of context and bastardized, but one is you train for a certain physiological response. So, we should train to be the athletes of our life, to be better at living. Right? That's one approach to training. The other is the massive specificity that goes into training to do a specific thing as well as possible. Okay, so what do both of those look like? So, I'll give you examples just from my life. I mean, I I've done a handful of things competitively in my life, but I guess most recently swimming and cycling would have been the two. And never together, by the way. So, if In other words, if I was really focused on trying to be the best swimmer I could be, that was sort of everything I did was geared towards that. And similarly, if I'm focusing to be the best cyclist I could be, that was the only thing I worried about. Everything was supportive of that goal. But those are very specific tasks, right? So, in swimming, you know, I was like a 100 m breaststroke and a 200 m IM. That those are races that are over in like 2 minutes, right? Like, you're going to train 16 hours a week to deliver maximum ATP turnover. You're going to burn every match in 2 minutes. That's a tremendous amount of specificity, right? So, it's it's almost a perfectly choreographed choreographed set of movements. And similarly, in cycling, all I did I was not a road guy, I was a time trial guy. So, that's your you know, 20 km time trial is a race that's over in less than half an hour. And again, highly choreographed, highly specific. It's a physiological response. You are trying to take, in the case of that time trial, you you were trying to take what what take what is called your functional threshold power, make it as high as possible, and then learn how to park yourself right at that level for 30 minutes. In a very uncomfortable position that is geared towards maximum aerodynamics. And that's it. So, okay. So, to train for those things, there's a certain way to do it, and most people don't appreciate it, understandably. And I certainly can't train like that anymore, cuz I don't When you don't have a goal like that, it's just way too painful to do that. But then at the other end of the spectrum, there's training to be the athlete of your life, which is saying, okay, you know, I'm a 43-year-old dude. I got a couple kids. I got, you know, my job. I got my family. I've got these obligations. What am I optimizing for? Am I trying to be like the best CrossFitter? No, probably not. What do I want to do? Well, I want to not get hurt. How about that for starters? Two, I want to be able to play indefinitely. All right, I want to be able to play with my great-grandkids wherever they're going to be. Um I want to be able to do X. I want to be able to do Y. I want to be able to, you know, go to the hardware store and pick up something that weighs 200 lb and not kill myself. You know, to me, that's being the athlete of your life. And so, those are There's a very specific way to train for that. But then there's everything in the middle, which is the, you know, kind of the weekend warrior who's out there hammering on his bike thinking he's sort of becoming a good cyclist, but of course he's horrible. And Always. also He's always hurting, but he's almost He's always More importantly, he's risking hurting himself or herself. And you get these injuries that show up and all this other stuff going on. And so, um that's that no-man's-land that I'm probably not doing a very good job being articulate about that I try to get my patients out of that. I say, like, let's pick one and go with it. If you If you want to be the best 20K time trial cyclist, here's how we do it. I I tell you that personally, you have to understand that's not enhancing your longevity. In fact, it's almost assuredly reducing your longevity. But but if you you know, and I I can't tell you how many patients I have cuz a lot of my patients used to be super elite athletes. I mean, many of them I I can think of six off the top of my head have have had atrial fibril- atrial fibrillation and have required ablations. So, that's that's one of the prices you'll pay. You described that beautifully, you know, the trade-off between uh exercise for health and longevity and exercise specificity at a at a very high level for a particular sport. Um people confuse those two and you did a very nice job sorting it out, I think. Yeah, that was great. So, so let's talk about the life one cuz that's the one that I think matters, right? So, if your if the goal is how do you become the athlete of your life, this is where I think nothing trumps resistance training. Um and I say this for two reasons, right? One goes back to the glucose disposal thing. Um glucose disposal at its crudest level has two uh inputs, right? One is what goes in the system and what goes what is what goes out of the system. So, we've addressed the putting glucose in the system, that's what you're eating. The where does the glucose go is a function of how do you dispose of it? Well, in the short term, we only have three ways to dispose of glucose and one of them you can take off the table, which is immediate utilization cuz that's relatively clamped. Right? For most of us, disposing of glucose while we're on a bicycle pedaling 287 W is not really the issue. Where you can rapidly dispose dispose of glucose. So, now it's really a question of how much of it can you put in the liver? And the answer is relatively little. It's relatively finite. But then the second place is how much of it can you put in the muscle as glycogen? And the answer turns out to be a heck of a lot. And you can train to increase the capacity of that. So, you want to think about the muscle as a glycogen reservoir. It's a place to dispose of glucose. It's the sink. And the more sensitive that muscle is to taking in glucose, to disposing of it as we as we say, to putting it into this form of glycogen, uh the better you're going to be. In fact In fact, the more you'll be able to tolerate glucose on the input side of And so, that's one reason. The second reason comes down to this functional thing, which is we can't lose sight of the fact that, you know, sarcopenia, of course, is an extreme state, but frankly, many people when they get older, their quality of life is going down due to lack of mobility, uh due to lack of strength, due to lack of symmetry. And And those are things we have to be very very diligent about, and especially by the time we turn 40, when the loss of muscle mass starts to actually accelerate. And so, if even if you didn't change your activity at the age of 40, you're going to start to lose muscle. So, if anything, it becomes paramount that we we increase um not just strength training, but a very specific type of strength training that that activates uh and recruits the type 2B fiber. Uh which is something that again, that it's very deliberate. Most people simply aren't lifting weights in a manner that recruits that 2B fiber, and therefore, they're being, you know, they're spending a lot of time exercising and they're not getting the benefit. Right. I I saw I recently saw a guy on an elliptical machine uh going so slow that he was able to watch TV, play with his iPad, and eat part of a pizza. Was he at Planet Fitness? No. Well, it could have been. I was on the road, you know, so I went to one of these box gyms on the road, and uh it was quite a sight to see. And he was I was in the gym for an hour, and he was there when I got there, and he was there when I left. And uh it was the opposite of everything you just said. You're listening to STEM-Talk, where we introduce the listener to fascinating people who passionately inhabit the scientific and technical frontiers of our society. So, Peter, let's switch over to talk about stress. Um you identified stress management as another driver of longevity. You don't necessarily tell people to reduce stress, but to learn how to manage negative stress responses. Uh can you explain that a little further? Yeah, so we um we evolved and I and again, I think it it I'm guilty of this just as the next person is. We we do tend to, you know, refer to we do tend to call up evolutionary biology maybe more than we should, right? But I think it's it's cuz it's not always the answer, but it's generally a good place to start, right? so from an evolutionary perspective, we didn't really evolve with the levels of chronic stress that we have today. So, we're pretty well adapted to dealing with acute stress. but it's this chronic stress that's a relatively new phenomenon. you could take a couple of approaches to this. One, you could move to a blue zone do whatever people do in the blue zones, and that's great. But people who come to me don't have that option, right? Like they're they're they're hustling in New York, they're hustling here, they're hustling where they're, you know, they're they're they just don't have that So, so yeah, so the answer can't really be take the stress out of your life. at least if it is I haven't figured out how one does that, right? I mean, yes, maybe if you have a miserable marriage, you get out of it. Maybe if your business partner's a jerk, you get rid of him or her. But but the but the reality of it is I I think it's a that could also be an exercise in futility, right? The better thing is probably can you change your um the way that you react to and cope cope with stress. And so, for me, the single biggest tool in this in this has been a journey that started about a year and a half ago, which has been the use of meditation. And um you know, there's there are many different forms of meditation and I the literature on this is pretty messy, meaning it's not entirely clear from the literature if, you know, mindfulness and open monitoring and transcendental have dramatically different clinical outcomes. Uh and in my experience with my patients, I think what matters more than anything is consistency. And you know, pick one and run with it. And the one that's going to be right for you is probably the one that you're going to want to do and the one that you're going to be willing to do every day. And for me, that is that is transcendental meditation. Um so I was taught by this incredible guy in New York named Bob Roth. you know, it has just become an instru you know, an instrumental part of my life. Now, in addition to that, there are other tricks and trades for sort of the particularly high-strung guys and girls. And so there are other sort of um you know, elements that we can take, uh meaning like elemental agents that you can you can ingest, uh such as lithium. Um during periods of particularly high stress, I've noticed that phosphatidylserine has become a remarkable sleep agent. Um and it really suppresses the adrenal glands in the evening because what are the worst thing you want to do is have this reversed pattern where you have high levels of cortisol in the evening and lower levels during the day. We want to we want to flip that, right? And so phosphatidylserine, for reasons I don't actually understand, I don't understand the mechanism. Um but it it it it really does suppress the adrenal glands um in the evening and and promotes remarkable sleep uh during these periods of stress. Um so so that's that's that's sort of how I think about that. And I think that I you know, frankly, I think that's the hardest one of the eight for me personally. Um I think for some people you know, what they eat might be the hardest thing or how they exercise might be the hardest thing. But but for me, there's no doubt that you know, keeping cortisol levels in check requires uh the most work. Yep, that's a tough one. I I find heart rate variability feedback helpful. Have you found a good I mean I I just haven't found a tool that I believe is accurate enough. What are you using? I'm using the HeartMath Institute tool. It uses the standard algorithm. It's the one that came out of MIT that they're all based on. but I use it as sort of a feedback system and for breathing and relaxation and uh it works for me because I I I haven't been able to I'm not a very much of a meditative sort of guy, all right? Sort of uh and this is one way to get in a relaxed state and feel thankful about things and and you get a feedback. You can see the lights change and you can see that you've at least done something useful. Well, let's talk about it offline cuz I'd like to give it a try. Um I I The other thing I've noticed on the on the on the stress stuff is because I wear a continuous glucose monitor, what I've noticed during periods of high stress, my average glucose during sleep is higher than when I'm awake and eating. And so so why is that happening? So, when I'm sleeping and that's tends to be when I ruminate and sort of all my anxieties come out. Um you see cortisol production go up and what do you What does that do? Well, that drives hepatic glucose output. And so, I could go to bed after dinner with a glucose of 87 and at midnight have a glucose of 140. Stag I mean my high cuz I have an alarm on my thing. It's like if my blood glucose ever gets above 140, it starts freaking out. So, my wife loves this stupid image meter because like the thing will be chirping at me at a buck 40 in the middle of the night and she wants to throw it out the window. And of course that probably doesn't help the cortisol level. It's probably something. Well, Peter, let's talk about sleep. So, I know when I was a grad student, we always would pride ourselves in pulling multiple all nighters and you know, getting through whatever work or whatever whatever exams we had in front of us and then I was surrounded by students that were not just grad students but also med students. So it was kind of the same mentality of pulling these all nighters and who could get the minimal amount of sleep and still seemingly operate um effectively. At least we thought we were operating effectively. Um what what do we mean when we're talking about sleep hygiene? What's the optimal preparation for sleep and and you know, how important is that with respect to longevity? Well, I think this is another one of those examples where where we can learn a lot from our ancestors, right? So the first thing to keep in mind is and I've always and and I can't take credit for this insight. It it Kirk Parsley who's a close friend of mine and really I kind of call him my sleep mentor. Um Kirk is a he's a he's a doctor. He works specifically around sleep within patients but also the overall endocrine system. He he used to be a Navy SEAL and I think his both his training and and such as a SEAL and then his his subsequent care for Navy SEALs as a doctor gave him just an enormous appreciation of how much of a problem this is and you know, he made this amazing point when I initially, you know, this is probably 3 years ago sort of balked at the notion of needing to really tune up my sleep, right? He said, "Well, think about it this way, Peter. Our ancestors spent about a third of their time sleeping and you know, from an evolutionary perspective, that's a pretty dangerous behavior. You know, to be unconscious for a third of the time probably not a great thing. So why the hell did we not evolve a way out of that? Cuz that would have been an unbelievable survival benefit if you could have figured out a way to not sleep. And yet it didn't happen suggesting that while there's a huge danger in spending a third of your life unconscious, that benefit must have eclipsed it. So that's sort of macro point number one. macro point number two is when you look at clinical trials of sleep um they do point to this idea of about 7 and 1/2 to 8 and 1/2 hours is the right amount. Now, I know there was this study that came out kind of recently from a group at either USC or UCLA that that suggested that might not be the case and I I Kirk has actually written something nice about it. I'm not going to get into why I think that study was a little bit flawed, but I also I would argue more importantly it's sort of irrelevant cuz it was it was not a population that relates to us. But when you look at sort of the military studies where you take sleep deprived people and you look at what it takes for them to reacclimate, they all tend to gravitate towards a once the sleep debt's sort of paid off they're in the 7 and 1/2 to 8 and 1/2. Okay. And again, whether our ancestors did that all in one stretch or not is not clear. Um so so maybe the answer is you sleep four, you wake up and do something and then you go back, but but nevertheless, the biggest thing I think that inhibits us from sleeping is just a is a handful of couple you know, sort of structural things. So, one is the amount of light that we encounter after the sun has gone down. we're pretty hardwired to have this really cool thing happen, right? Which is when light goes away, the pineal gland in the absence of light starts to secrete melatonin and that's sort of our natural sleeping aid. And so we kind of screwed that thing up, right? And and and again to the spirit of trade-offs, is that a good trade-off? I think it was. I'll take electricity over sleeping in a cave any day of the week. So, so the question is what can you do within the system to say, "Look, I still want to be like the modern man, you know?" Um but I how can I how can I So so a couple things that we can do is one, you could just be disciplined about it and say, "Look, I'm not going to look at electronics after, you know, 6 or 7 p.m." Um but for many people it gets back to the, you know, it's like telling somebody to be less stressed out. I mean, I don't know. I couldn't stop looking at electronics at 7:00 p.m. because I I have too much work to do. Uh or at least I think I'm busy enough that I have too much work to do, right? So So, there's a great app called f.lux f.l.u.x that you can put on your computer that strips out the blue light from your computer, your iPad, or whatever it is you, you know, um once the sun goes down. So, it's sort of synced to the GPS of your computer and it knows when to pull the light in and out of your computer. The second thing is being a little bit disciplined about it, which is not having electronics in the room. So, I now violate that by having my phone in the room because of my glucose meter, but I keep it like really far away and it's off. So, it's not like I'm not off, but it's like I don't see the light of it, right? Um but I don't have like an iPad in the room. I don't have a TV in the room or any of that stuff. Uh and I do try to spend at least an hour doing something that is not looking at light before bed. Um The other thing is the temperature of the room. It's, you know, the colder the better. So, you know, I in California that's really easy to do because we don't have insulated homes. So, you know, you can your it's it's probably 60 65° in the room. And then there were And then after that, there are other, you know, depen- If that So, so far I In my experience, like, you know, sort of half the people just get better doing that. Um And then of course, there's the like make sure you have enough time. So, that's the if you have to be up at 6:00, you really want to be in the bed by 10:00. And even if you read for a little bit, you know, read a book or something like that. Um But I'd like it if you could not, you know, do do that right before bed just cuz of the light. So, then, the then there are other just a handful of compounds. So, I've talked about phosphatidylserine. I've talked about low doses of lithium before bed helping sleep. Talked about, um you know, GABA, melatonin, um tryptophan. Yeah, exactly, 5-HTP. Um There There's just There are a whole bunch of cocktails of these things. In fact, Kirk makes a cocktail that's like a sleep supplement that has all of those things. I don't think it has the phosphatidylserine in it, but you can add that on top. And you know, these things are really great. You know, the other thing I try to explain to patients is the problem with using the sort of traditional go-to sleep agents like Ambien. Um cuz sleep is not It's easily confused for a lack of consciousness, but it's it's actually much more than that, right? So so you if you think about this thought experiment, if you take a person and hit them over the head with a baseball bat, and you see them lying face down in the parking lot, you would never assume that they're sleeping there. They're they're they're just unconscious. And so similarly, you know, just because a medication makes you unconscious doesn't mean it's promoting sleep. And so the question is how much stage three and stage four sleep are you getting? And the answer with Ambien is very little. Uh in fact, I think one of the studies that somehow was part of its FDA approval process even suggested less stage three and stage four sleep than the control. Uh there there were mixed studies. I never really understood why Ambien got approved cuz I don't think it actually demonstrated promoting sleep, but it does knock you out. Um So so anyway, those are you know, I think but you know, you sort of had that's an incremental that's an incremental set of steps. Yeah, and you've mentioned uh Kirk Parsley. He's actually going to be on Stem Talk in the very near future. So we'll pull some more details out of him on some of the work that he's been doing and on his sleep cocktail and some of the other interesting work that he's doing. So let's move into hormone optimization, which is another longevity driver. Um how can we maintain the hormonal makeup of our youth? And will doing so help us live longer or just better? So the first thing is actually to sleep, right? So so much of hormone replenishment takes place during sleep. So, you know, if you if you go back to those days of residency where you're sleeping you know, probably average 28 hours a week was sort of average sleep during residency. Probably worked out to some nights zero, some nights four, some nights six, some nights two. Um you know, you're pretty much guaranteed to destroy your endocrine system. So, before doing any hormonal optimization, you want to fix those other systems. Everything that we just talked about has to be addressed first. And the reason is if you don't fix those things, you don't know what the underlying baseline is. So, when the when when the nutrition is right, the sleep is right, the stress management is correct, um the exercise is right, then you basically reassess and say, "Okay, how are the four main endocrine systems working?" So, the the the four main systems would one is the sort of the fuel partitioning system for which, you know, insulin is far and away the most dominant hormone. One is the thyroid system. One is the androgen system, sex hormones, and then one is the adrenal system. And um you know, each of these systems undergoes a pretty predictable change over time. So, if you think about it sort of at a overly simplistic level, we as we age, the default is to get slower, fatter, colder, less energetic. And and all of those things are driven by the hormone So, what are the more common ones, right? So, so the androgen system in men undergoes a pretty slow and predictable decline. Whereas in women, it undergoes a pretty precipitous decline at menopause. Now, I think in the case of women, there are few topics that have generated as much controversy as hormone replacement therapy. a thoughtful discussion on it is certainly beyond the scope of what we could do now. but my thoughts are pretty clearly in the camp that the Women's Health Initiative, which was really the turning point in this debate, uh was was a a highly flawed study and as a result has probably deprived, you know, millions of women of of the hormone replacement therapy they would they would require to actually live, not just better lives to your question, but actually longer lives. So, in other words, how do we reduce the risk of cancer? How do we reduce the risk of heart disease, dementia, and diabetes? Well, it's actually not through hormone deprivation. So, when a woman is walking around with no estrogen, no progesterone, no testosterone in her body, which is what a woman looks like when she's postmenopausal, right? FSH and LH are through the roof and the other hormones are immeasurable. That is not a health-promoting state, uh and nor does that make a woman feel better. So, in that sense, I think you're you're compromising both health span and lifespan. And I And I say that even, you know, I just consulted with a woman recently who had uh ER-positive DCIS. So, estrogen-positive receptor ductal carcinoma in situ, which is a precancerous lesion. And the question was, should she be on HRT? You know, of course, the conventional approach is hell no, cuz the conventional approach is nobody should be on HRT. Um and my approach is absolutely she should be, but she needs triple therapy. What that means is she needs estrogen. And remember, the estrogen you give is it's a biased combination, so it's mostly E3. It's estriol and 20 It's about 80% E3, 20% E2. But then it's also And that's given topically, so that's bioidentical. It's not synthetic and it's not given orally. And that those two things explain the majority of the complications in the WHI. And then secondly, we give oral bioidentical progesterone, never progestin. And then finally, we give testosterone. And the reason is, and again, most people are shocked to learn this, testosterone is the dominant hormone in a woman's body. It's the dominant androgen. You know, she's got anywhere from 500 to 1,000 times more testosterone in her body than she does estrogen, even when she was premenopausal. when you take the single most dominant androgen in a woman's body away, it's just hard for me to understand why we think that that's going to promote health. Um now look, do I advocate every single woman go on HRT? I don't. You know, if a woman is truly, truly asymptomatic, and she is afraid of the hormone, I don't see it as my job to talk her into it. So, I think I think there are enough people that can be helped who want to feel, you know, who who first of all feel crappy and or have enough concern about the chronic diseases. And the other thing that I think bothers me, and this is one where I think I don't know who to blame more, the scientists or the press, is there's just a you know, this goes back to maybe why having a background in mathematics is helpful, but also frustrating is people don't understand the difference between relative risk and absolute risk, and it drives me crazy. So, when you look at the big findings from these, you know, anti-HRT studies, they talk about how the women experience a 25% increase in the risk of breast cancer. Now look, if you're sitting there at home and you're hearing that or reading that, yeah, you sure wouldn't want to do this. There's a 25% increased risk of breast cancer. Now, notwithstanding all the things I just said, which I think exacerbate that risk, specifically the use of unopposed estrogen and progesterone, so the lack of testosterone, I think probably explains that more than anything, although it could be the synthetic progesterone. I don't know. Um but the bigger issue is what's the absolute risk? Well, if you go back to those stats that I quoted, it's saying, yeah, it's a difference between four cases per thousand per year and five cases per thousand per year. So, they're not lying when they say the increase is 25% because going from four to five per thousand per year is a 25% relative risk increase. But that's not the jugular issue. The jugular issue is what's the absolute risk? It's 0.1 percent AR. And that's what doctors do such a lousy job communicating, and that's what the press does an even lousier job communicating. And so, I think it's important for a woman to understand that. Yes, there might be a 0.1% absolute risk increase for breast cancer if you take HRT for 15 years, but oh, by the way, your risk of heart disease and your risk of heart disease and other cancers and diabetes goes down by an AR of 5%. Uh you know, the one of my mentors in this space is a guy by the name of Riley Lloyd, who's a GYN in Chicago, and I don't remember the numbers, but he's actually calculated that, you know, depriving all women in the United States of HRT saves like 18 lives a year, and it costs us like 23,000 lives a year or something. I mean, it's just And and and I think the numbers are worse than what I just said. Yeah, I I think they are. I think I've heard these, and they're pretty astounding numbers. Stay curious, my friends. So, Peter, how do you feel about taking supplements or drugs to stave off aging or to increase health span? So, I think that you know, one of the funniest questions I get asked when I'm And I don't give talks much, but maybe it's once or twice a year, but I invariably I'm always going to get asked the question, do you think and then it's fill in the blank, name of drug, is good? Or do you think fill in the blank is bad? And I just find it to be a funny question cuz it does the question It's like nobody would ever go up to a carpenter and say, do you think hammers are good? Do you think Phillips screwdrivers are bad? Do you think saws are good? It's like it just the question doesn't make sense. Um and so, it doesn't make sense in the context of pharmacology, right? Is there there's almost no absolute black and white, right? So, are statins bad? I mean, I don't know. I mean, you tell me, right? It's like, if a person has an elevated LDL-P and or an elevated LP little A, and their desmosterol is really high, uh no, a statin's actually pretty darn good. Right? That's a life-saving drug. Um unfortunately, most of the clinical trials are never done in homogeneous enough populations, so we are always generally being discounted um in terms of seeing the the actual the actual efficacy of this. So, you know, is uh I don't know, what's another drug I get asked about a lot? Like, is metformin good or bad? You know, I mean, it's it's all context-specific, right? I mean, metformin is an AMPK activator. Uh certainly in someone who's hyperinsulinemic, it's a great tool. I mean, I take metformin myself, though I'm not hyperinsulinemic. Maybe I'm not getting much benefit from it. In in the same way that someone would if they had very high levels of insulin. Um but I think the data on on metformin in diabetics so compelling um that I'm willing to sort of at least in my case, justify the the the potential downside of it. Um you know, but but also, I think there's just pharmacother- pharmacotherapy offers us this amazing opportunity to really hack the system. So, give you an example, right? Like, uric acid levels. When uric acid levels are high, bad things can happen, right? Now, everybody thinks about gout because that's it becau- it causes such a huge symptom, right? But, forget gout for a moment. Right? What if someone's got a uric acid of 6.5? And you've tried the main lifestyle drivers to reduce uric acid, so you've reduced meat consumption cuz of the the pyrimidines within the meat drive this in the genetically susceptible. You've reduced fructose consumption because fructose metabolism drives up uric acid specifically, so that's not just sugar, but all fructose. Um and you've reduced alcohol consumption. And let's say uric acid is still elevated, but the patient's asymptomatic. Should you do anything about it? Well, if they have an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease, I think the answer is yes, because there's some evidence to suggest that uric acid crystals exacerbate atherosclerosis. And I'm always going to be fixated on heart disease. You know, every heart disease isn't that sexy and nobody cares about it, but we lose sight of the fact that it's still the number one killer in men and women. You know, most most women are scared to death about breast cancer. They have a 3% lifetime risk of dying of breast cancer, a 22% lifetime risk of dying of heart disease. So, if I can lower someone's risk of heart disease, I I've done I've done my job. And so, you know, there are people I'm going to put people on drugs that are going to lower uric acid even if they're asymptomatic till I can get them in the fours if if I really want to push the envelope on that. If I want to deliver what we call alpha, right? Returns above the market. Um so so look, I think there's like a toolkit of about 20 to 25 drugs that I find really helpful. Um you come up with a custom solution. You know, it's sort of like building a custom home for somebody based on what their goals are, their risks, their phenotype. Peter, um have you looked at the trade-off between berberine, a supplement, and metformin, the prescription drug? They both are AMPK activators and both have an effect on glucose. Do you have any preference between the two? I mean, I used to take both, right? So, I used to take like a gram a day of metformin BID, twice a day, so 2 g a day, and probably a gram a day of berberine. In the end, I figured it might just be overkill. And by the way, I was taking berberine more for its PCSK9 activity. So, berberine, unlike metformin, in theory, for PCSK9 over-expressers, should be able to reduce apoB. I turned out to be pretty sensitive to that. Um but in the end, you know, just through an effort of streamlining it, you know, the you know, I changed up some other things in my regimen and didn't really need that PCSK9 activity on the berberine and felt like of the two pharmacograde metformin versus supplement grade berberine, I at least have more confidence in the metformin. And frankly, the economics are no different. I mean, metformin is basically free. Yeah, it's incredible. so cheap. Um I think Yeah, it's just it's it's effectively free. So so there wasn't an economic reason to be taking the berberine over the metformin. Um but I felt like I could at least I I'm going to always err on the side of a drug that's, you know, more regulated. I think we'll hear a lot more about metformin, uh you know, that there's a large longevity study uh looking at metformin in terms of uh as an actual longevity drug uh not not looking at it in the context of uh diabetes or glucose control, but in a broad uh range of things. And then I saw a paper recently that seemed highly counterintuitive that uh sort of uh had a negative outlook on metformin with respect to uh overactivation of AMPK. But I I I wasn't convinced by reading the paper. Did you see that paper? No, I did see one kind of recently about But it was a it was a mouse paper and it was talking about it was a it had a brain model, but I I didn't I thought the animal model was highly flawed. But I'd like to see this one that you're talking about. Yeah, I did. I'll send it to you. So Peter, your whole approach to increasing longevity also focuses on quality of life. So not just living longer, but living better. Uh how does having a sense of purpose and a social support network play into all of that? Well, these these are the hardest things I think to get at because we get further and further away from experimental evidence. So there here we at least as far as I can tell, we can only really rely on ecology and epidemiology. But the trends are pretty clear, right? Which is if you try to match people uh across, you know, populations, people who work longer versus retire sooner have better cognitive outcomes. And that's kind of intuitive, right? Like the more, you know, it's the it's an oversimplification, but it feeds into this idea that the more active the brain is, the better the brain is. The moment you sort of stop having an active brain, the worse things are. So, you know, I think we got to think about working as being about something other than money, right? Because most people's, I think, viewpoint of work and retirement is a financial one. Um which is I will work until this point, at which point I don't need the money anymore, and then I will not work. And instead, maybe it should be I will work forever, but at some point, I won't necessarily work for money, or I won't care what, you know, what the what the financial is. So, that's one thing, you know, I and I I had a I have a friend in New York, um uh Samantha Boardman, she's a psychiatrist, and um we were talking about this one day over coffee, and she said that um she for her patients, she does this thing which is called prescribing purpose. And I was like, "God, I love the I love the sound of that, right? Like I just like that idea." Um because I remember being given similar advice at various stages of my life. And one of the one of the most sage pieces of advice I was ever given was, "If you're in a situation where you're you know, you're feeling unhappy about something, right? Like you're you're sort of awfulizing about your own existence, pause for a moment and find somebody who would give anything to be in your shoes, and figure out a way to help them do that." So, I remember the most profound example of this was sometime during medical school. Yeah, probably sometime during the like the the misery of second year of medical school. I was probably upset about something. I don't even know. But but the point is I thought, you know, I guarantee you there's like a dozen undergrads on this campus who are stressed out about taking the MCAT and applying to medical school. Could I go and help them in some way? And if so, like and so so it turned into a very interesting exercise, right? Which was, you know, tutoring a couple of undergrads not to get paid, just to sort of remind myself of how privileged I was to be in that situation, even though it felt like it sucked. Um and and so I think that's an interesting model. I think that's an interesting tool because there's I don't think there's a single person out there who can't find somebody who would actually want to be where they are. So it's more about sort of a steady and deliberate view on how do I change my view about about the world uh and how do I do it through through sort of changing what I'm focused on. Less about me, more about somebody else. Very important approach. Peter, what is your uh current view on today the utility of genetic testing today? I know it's changing rapidly, uh but if you could give us the short squirt on that. Well, I mean, I I think it's I think it's probably a little over hyped, frankly. I I think And there's two components to it, right? So one is who does the best sequence? You know, is it whole sequence? Is it exome? Is it intron? I mean, you know, what is the sequencing algorithm look like? And then the but And I think that's actually been commoditized. And I don't know that it's as important as people make it out to be. So I know that, you know, Illumina can do the whole thing for 10,000 bucks and you know, obviously 23andMe is doing something for much less than 100 bucks, and I'm guessing it's, you know, just exome. Um But then but that's actually the less relevant part. The more relevant part is what is the analysis? How do you take that information and do something with it? I think today there's really only one area where a two areas where genetics genetic testing offers remarkable insight. The first is with sort of the the pediatric diseases of metabolism. You know, these are very helpful, right? It's really helpful to know what the genes are on these diseases. The other area where I think it's really helpful, though unless you're adopted, not that insightful, is the germline mutations, the cancer germline mutations, right? So, it's should everybody be should we be screening for BRCA in every 12-year-old? Maybe, but typically if they have BRCA, you're going to know it through family history. So, we can't, you know, I mean, I view family history as probably more relevant than genetic testing in terms of actionable insight. Of course, when you have somebody who's adopted or in whom the family history is unclear, then by all means, I think those things are pretty handy. But so so long-winded way of saying I'm not against genetic testing, I just don't think it's this panacea that that like it's going to answer all the problems. I think most of the genes that we can identify, we have no clue what they're doing. And I'd prefer to focus on the things that I know, like what does it mean if your LDL-P is this or if your insulin level is this or if your uric acid, you know, those if I prefer I almost prefer to focus on the phenotype at this moment rather than the genotype. When talking about genetic testing in the context of 23andMe, I find it fascinating that the interaction the the difficulty they had with the FDA really opened up a Pandora's Box because they you know, when when that happened and 23andMe was unable to provide specific uh, medical information or specific potential disease associations and was really limited to providing ancestral kinds of information. An entire industry instantly sprung up, which really you know, didn't fall under the FDA because they didn't take your genetic material and these were really essentially computer science places. And so you just, uh, export your 23andMe data to these folks. And, uh, there's a quite a variation in the quality of the algorithms, the analysis algorithms they're using. But it is fascinating, for sure. Peter, um, lastly, you said that we can increase our longevity by essentially not doing stupid things. I hate simplifying it to that point, but that's kind of what it comes down to. So, such as smoking or texting and driving. Is there anything specific that you, it's kind of one of your favorite stupid things to avoid doing? Well, I do think that in this day and age, so smoking, uh, you know, luckily at this point uh, most people are kind of getting that message, but but it's I mean, it's the it's the single lowest hanging fruit there is, right? So, you know, there's um, you know, so, enough said on that. Um, I think given, and again, you just walk down the mortality table, right? So, automoto automotive accident is the highest cause of death that is not a chronic disease. Okay. By the way, smoking, you take that out, your odds move improve dramatically on all diseases, right? Chronic and and and and like diseases like COPD and stuff like that. So, Okay, so how do we not die in a car? That that's basically the problem statement, right? Okay, so one, don't drive or don't be in a car with somebody who's has alcohol in their system. And if you want to be really strict about it, it would have to be zero alcohol, right? Cuz it's not like with a blood alcohol of 0.07, though you're still legal, you're as good as you are at zero. So, that's And again, maybe that's not realistic, right? Maybe that's the trade-off. Maybe it's like, "Look, I want to be able to go out to my work party and have one drink and still drive home." Um but but just to be clear, let's acknowledge at least the problem statement. Um the second is this this idea of texting. I mean, it's just become an epidemic. Um and it's geographically, I think I don't know that it's the same everywhere, but certainly in California where I live where we basically drive everywhere. I mean, it's it's it's out of control. I mean, it's it's it's it's just out of control. So, you know, and that that becomes creates a problem because not only do you have to not text and drive yourself, you basically have to assume everybody on the road is an idiot. Um and that's effectively true. I mean, California drivers are about the worst drivers in the country to begin with, and then you superimpose this texting issue, it becomes really problematic. And so, that's There's two reasons not to text and drive, and one of them is just to pay attention to everybody else. So then So then you get to other ones. So So So where do the deaths occur? So, 50% of deaths occur on the freeway. Um and then of the remaining 50%, the majority occur at intersections. So, let's let's look at the intersection one. What's the most likely injury that's going to kill you at an intersection? It's going to be a left side collision um when one of you is running the intersection. So, meaning you're you have the right of way and someone runs a red and hits you on your side, T-bones you. That's the most likely injury to kill you. Uh or uh you're running the intersection and the guy with the right of way hits you. So, let's assume that you can figure out how to not run the red light. That's called paying attention, you know, not drinking, all the usual shenanigans, and not being an idiot, right? Like not being an idiot. I mean, I can't tell you how many times I just scratch my head when I see somebody chasing a yellow and literally running the red. Yeah. Blatantly. just like like just yeah. I mean just I see it at least once every two days. Um, so you which when you enter an intersection you have to remember that the probability that somebody else is doing that is non-zero. And so what you want to do is always look left before you go through an And you'll still look right, but look left first because that's you look at the guy who's going to kill you first. I like in London how they actually write on the crosswalks for pedestrians which way to look. Because you know non Yanks as they call us tend to look the wrong way and get clocked by a bus or Oh, yeah. When you're fresh off the plane and you're stumbling through town it's like yeah just just FYI. Just a reminder. It's a way to get a Darwin prize. So Peter, do you have any final thoughts you'd like to share with our listeners about longevity? No, I've probably shared too many already. Peter, just want to say thank you again for coming on to the podcast today. Thanks so much. It was a lot of fun. Well, what an interesting discussion. Much of it right at the front edge of the latest thinking of nutrition and longevity. Don, it seems like we could have talked to Peter for hours and hours. Great show. This is Dawn Carnegis, host of STEM And Ken Ford, sometime co-host and chair of the Double Secret Selection Committee. Saying goodbye for now. Goodbye. Thank you for listening to STEM Talk. We want this podcast to be discovered by others. So please take a minute to go to iTunes to rate the podcast and perhaps even write a review. More information about this and other episodes can be found at our website stemtalk.us. There you can also find more information about the guests we interview.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lennon.hiphop [5 likes]: How can we know that our ancestors slept 1/3 of the time but not know if that was 8hrs at once or frequent naps throughout the day?
  2. @LasVegasSand_s [4 likes]: Meditation - consistency is key. "It's since become an instrumental part of my life." ; Elemental agents such as lithium and phosphatidylserine has become a remarkable sleep agent. Cortisol drives up glucose.
  3. @dragosbulacu [4 likes]: The intro and the ads made me close this video!!! You sure know how to be annoying! Those sounds are NOT OK!! You have these views thanks to Peter Attia, otherwise there would be much less.
  4. @scottk1525 [2 likes]: Torn between liking this video for Attia, and disliking for the intro and the ads.
  5. @robroberts1473 [2 likes]: Skip the first 2:54, your welcome.
  6. @alinao625 [2 likes]: Brilliant talk, enlightening. Thanks, Peter.
  7. @pastryshack551 [1 likes]: Why ca t we see people, just a blank screen
  8. @kuhmpashun [1 likes]: This podcast episode is severely under watched. So much fantastic information!
  9. @CanadianReacts [1 likes]: Ok so I live longer & healthier, maybe. What is the purpose of that life?
  10. @graememudie7921 [1 likes]: Interesting that he was studying engendering like Ivor Cummins who also comes a this topic from an engineering background.
  11. @aa-xn5hc: Unbeatable person.... but good content
  12. @erinjames1899: Your herpes medicine, work as you said #drodukuhome thanks❤️❤️
  13. @jakobw135: Would doing kettlebell exercises fit that profile of increasing your longevity?
  14. @pastryshack551: March to your own drum my friend, dr Akins collapse and died from a heart attack, they told us he hit his head on a rock. I saw him with dr. Campbell on yt he was like 400lbs. These drs are saying do what I say, but behind you back there are all like Boris Johnson in England with the covid. That why I March to my own drum.if you like carbs  eat them around 12 and 1 oclock
  15. @NoPrivateProperty: capitalism is making you sick. all the manipulation of your foods is done to increase profits. the rich are laughing at you suckers everyday
  16. @CarnivoreDMD: Decreasing Inflamaging by decreasing foods that get absorbed in the duodenum. Then maybe cycling quercitin to remove sentient cells. Waiting on Kirklands’ studies results!  BFR to increase muscle mass with less trauma.
  17. @adrianavram4911: no known centenarians are keto    majority are vegetarians    he avoid to discus diet and focus on genetics
  18. @LasVegasSand_s: 44:12 Bob Roth
  19. @LasVegasSand_s: 47:16
  20. @LasVegasSand_s: 33:10

- DAILY HACKS To Stay Healthy Until You're 100+ YEARS OLD! | Peter Attia & Mark Hyman: Kind: captions Language: en that's where you want to put your energy as danger environment Ange your environment so that you don't have to constantly rely on willpower so that when there is friction I make the easy choice make the easy choice the easier choice yeah [Music] welcome to the doctors pharmacy I'm dr. Mark Hyman and that's pharmacy that ffar I'm Acy a place for conversations that matter if you care about your health if you care about longevity if you care about understanding how to optimize your performance this is the conversation for you because it's with dr. Peter attea who is one of the physicians in the world that I respect and admire most I met him first after a screening of fed-up and I heard him speak at Ted med in 2013 I encourage you to everybody watch that talk on TEDMED because he told his story pretty remarkable story of being a physician who whether most physicians like to admit it or not or people like to admit or not have a bias against people who are overweight because we kind of blame the victim we say well you got diabetic and overweight because you ate too much and you didn't exercise enough turns out that is a bunch of horse you know what and Peter explains why and how he actually came to understand this through his own biology so we're gonna get in the store in a minute he has a medical practice called Atia medical in New York and San Diego he focuses on the science of longevity what is the science of longevity and how do we increase not only lifespan but also increase health span or quality of life so he applies nutritional biochemistry which will my favorite topics exercise physiology sleep physiology techniques to address how we can be more resilient in the form of stress and something called lipid ology we just study of lipids and cholesterol running it into that drugs and hormones so Peter is it quite a guy he's trained at Johns Hopkins and general surgery he won many awards including residen the ER he wrote a whole book on general surgery he spent two years at the National Institute of Health and surgical oncology and was a fellow at the National Cancer Institute where he focused on immune support for melanoma and has been mentored by some of the most experienced innovated lipid ologists endocrinologist gynecologist sleep physiologist and longevity sciences in the United States and Canada he went to Stanford to get his medical degree and holds a bachelor's in science and mechanical engineering and applied mathematics amazing so welcome Peter thanks mark god that's that's hard to sit through I know but the truth is you have been on quite a journey and and one of the things that struck me was your story of how used to be this elite athlete are you still are I guess and you were you were swimming from Los Angeles to Catalina Island and for those people don't know how far that is it's freaking far it's I don't know how many miles but it's very far you can barely see the island from land and he would swim there and he discovered that you discovered that you were pre-diabetic so tell us about that story because that doesn't make any sense right yeah I mean I think I was I had always been training my whole life but but definitely things changed when I was in residency something caught up to me and I and in retrospect I really think it was a combination of just absolutely debilitating sleep lack roughly yeah so probably sleeping an average of 28 hours a week so even though that didn't mean exactly four hours every night it worked out to that so I remember when I was in training I rotated was surgery there like lunch as a weakness and so is sleep it was definitely a part of the culture and unfortunately just a part of the way that the the structure of residency at the time I don't think it's nearly that bad today but but anyway I think you know total sleep deprivation coupled with a not so great diet coupled with just the inevitability of age sort of catching up to you I mean when I was in your Hall of 30 yeah exactly and something you know the switch sort of flips right between about 28 and 30 and me when I when I was because when I was growing up I ate poorly I mean I like breakfast was a box of cereal not a bowl so I would we had these large Tupperware bowls and I would put the entire box in and that was like fruit loops oh that was a legs area it was totes total crap it was fruit loops or Lucky Charms or cocoa puffs but an American Heart Association says Froot Loops and Lucky Charms yeah and are healthy right it had no cholesterol in it so that's the key no fat that's right so I'd have like 27 lots of sugar I mean seven sandwiches for lunch everyday a whole loaf of bread 14 pieces you know french fries so I was eating non-stop growing up but you know when you're 16 17 18 years old and you're exercising six hours a day I don't think that matters yeah you can you can certainly skirt that but but it basically just caught up with me in my late 20s and and certainly about time I was thirty I mean I was way way bigger than I should have been given all the things I thought were going on you know and and I don't think I really internalized that probably until I was I had and I and I didn't really probably it wasn't until my early you know early thirties 30 to 33 that I was sort of like wait a minute something's wrong here and this is not a great Regina minute to look in the mirror yeah and it's funny when these things happen slowly you're not you're you know you're it's easy to sort of miss it and sort of rationalize it or something like that yeah but at some point I just became like this is you know there's a funny story I tell when my wife at the end of one of those Catalina swims or one of those marathon swims she she made some smart comment to me which again she she'd to this day swears a she swears she didn't say it but she did say it and to she claims that if she said it it was only in the most loving way which I believed but she said you know you got to work on being a little less not fin after after I finished getting after I got out of the water because there's this picture of me with a towel around my waist and my belly's like hanging out over the towel and stuff like that that was that day was kind of the day when I was like alright I got to sort of figure this out so actually you can't exercise your way out of a bad diet I don't think you can with a certain other set of parameters in place if your sleep is also problematic if your cortisol levels are also problematic yeah I think it becomes very difficult to exercise your way out of a bad diet and and and those other bad factors and also one shouldn't aspire to do that right like I mean I was swimming at least four hours a day in training you know plus lifting weights and other things like that so at some point you have to like have a life to like you know in other words if someone had said the answer Peter is you just need another two hours a day of exercise I'm not sure that would have been impractical so why ours a day of exercise and you're still overweight yeah okay that is because you were eating I've done it's a combination of a lot of things I believe it's a diet that was incredibly high in both you know well we would consider you know reasonable carbohydrates but also a lot of crappy carbohydrates and I actually think one of the more sinister things was especially when I go back and kind of look at my food journals my training logs and stuff is I was probably drinking like 4 1 litre bottles of Gatorade 8 hour a day and I think that's healthy right so I think a lot of that stuff coupled with just constantly that also there's a belief that you had to sort of constantly be glycogen loaded so yeah like a lot of my big big training swims as you sort of got closer and closer to doing the long swims you'd be doing these swims of six hours and stuff in training and I remember the eating routine around that you know this I could never occurred to me that I could probably do that with minimal nutrition if I were more fat adapted though instead it was I'd wake up and eat you know imagine taking a measuring cup and putting two cups of dry steel-cut oats in that and think of how much that how much oil that actually makes what else right it's like six cups of oatmeal or anything so I you know you know as always sort of like our load and if you only load 2,500 calories with glycogen in your muscles so you ran out of that pretty quick if you're some endure for six hours yeah so then you're drinking your Gatorade and Powerade and you know hammer Perpetuum and all like all those worth drinks of the sorts yeah and then and that led to this pre-diabetes state and then you kind of figured out that this carb loading and even though it was healthy carbs still wasn't the solution and you so discovered that if you actually cut out all that starch and sugar and start eating a lot of fat it changed everything and you actually became a ketogenic yeah I actually spent you know the journey started and for about two years I was really tinkering with carbs and you know which ones could be reduced which ones could be maintained etc but you know it's sort of in the end I got to a point where the last thing I could try was this sort of at the time really out-there idea of nutritional ptosis there weren't really a lot of people talking about it there was now every best-selling book was Kido right yeah now they're there it's it's it's funny it was that was only eight years ago and to think how much has happened since then but at the time you know you could get him Steve Finney who I still in many ways think of as arguably the most knowledgeable person around today when it comes to understanding the ins and outs of nutritional ketosis a colleague of his name Jeff folic yeah and they were basically the only two there's a guy named Lyle MacDonald who had written a book on the topic but he he was just a hard guy to get ahold of he wasn't he wasn't someone that I just couldn't get ahold of him and so those guys wrote a book called the art of low-carbohydrate they hadn't written it yet but it was the there was a book that they were in the process of writing called the art and science of low-carbohydrate living hmm and so I got an early pre-release copy of that plus just their mentorship and you know constant emails and phone calls as I started sort of tinkering through it I I again I haven't read a single book on keto so I can't very certainly not in a very long time but I still think that that first book they wrote the art and science of yeah carbohydrate living is one of the best resources on this if someone said hey I just want to read one book on how to do this what's the book I actually always sort of send them that way although I'm sure they've written something much better since but yeah I actually study that book a lot when I wrote my book eat fat get thin because I I it was really ya know it's it's I mean you know Steve's devoted his whole life to understanding the physiology of this and also as I began trying to do something a little bit different which was how could I compete you know athletically on a diet that seems very counter to the prevailing wisdom of how we need to do this and that in that sense I look back at some of the work that Steve had done when he was doing his PhD at MIT the very small study he had done in cyclists that I found quite interesting and you know from there it just became sort of more of a you know an interesting thing to tinker in and I and I think I learned at least for me where those limitations were you know where was where was the ketogenic gonna be in a sweet spot and then where was it frankly gonna not serve you well and what was your experience with it well I think the ketogenic diet is a great diet for steady-state activity below threshold and I think and what does that mean for the average person yes so your threshold you know we talked about that in cycling or running as the maximum pace you can sustain for an hour so if you're a layperson you might think well that can't be that fast because if it's an hour but if you're an athlete you're all out one our pace is still pretty brisk I mean yeah that's like for example I'm not I don't train in those sports anymore like the amount of power I used to be able to put out for an hour I couldn't put out today for six minutes yeah not a chance yeah so whatever that number is when you're fit anything that's above that I mean I the ketogenic diet is really not the optimal diet you need the glycogen and in states of ketosis you're simply not optimizing around that you're really optimizing around what the mitochondria are doing and so so for example if you were gonna try to win the Tour de France I think there's huge benefits to eating less carbs than you probably think you need yeah but I just you know some you absolutely do and by the way some is relative you probably need like three to four hundred grams a day by the way it's not a lot it's it's not and again those guys are just different animals you know they just have a different level of physiology but but I think that sort of the pendulum has swung a little bit too far and now I hear too many people I think making bold claims like you know carbohydrates are bad for any athlete and you know everyone should be able to do everything perfectly on a ketogenic diet and I think that's equally sort of flawed and sort of miss alline I find if I if I just way too little carbohydrates and and more fat I'll start to lose weight yeah too much weight and yeah some people have that issue some people don't I mean I'm similarly very responsive to carbohydrate restriction even just a week of going back into ketosis which I always do before my week of fasting you know it's an amazed at how much weight I lose and it's not just water weight initially it's obviously quite a bit of water weight you know as you start to deplete glycogen every gram of glycogen that you lose you're gonna lose about three to four grams of water initially it gets displaced into the plasma but then ultimately you're gonna secrete it so so you're losing that water weight but but I mean I'm definitely mobilizing fat very quickly on that diet but you know I've been humbled by the number of patients I've seen who you put them on a ketogenic diet at nothing budges yeah of the gain right so so that's the other thing that I think just you know people have to sort of temper their enthusiasm for all of these things otherwise you run the risk of making the same not what is this fits all but none at all and and if other things aren't working right you know if you're if your sleep is not correct if you're if you have hypercortisolism I experience it's just really difficult to fix metabolic syndrome or metabolic dysregulation with just a nutritional hammer yeah there's other factors right that we know of we know that your microbiome plays a role that environmental toxins play a role the things that are less obvious yeah not so depending on what you eat or how much you exercise yeah which is striking I mean you know there's animal studies or literally can take a skinny mouse and give me bacteria from a fat mouse and that skinny mouse becomes fair without eating any different amount yeah yeah and vice versa they can lose weight by simply you know doing the reverse so you know this sort of brings me to the whole issue of fat and cholesterol and heart disease and lipids and blood tests around cholesterol statins it's a very messy field and you know one of the challenges is that you know we hear and I think we've sort of gotten over this that fat makes you fat and that fat causes heart disease I think that's mostly been debunked except for there's still a pretty hefty group of scientists who are saying that we should not eat saturated fat mmm-hmm and and that you know if your cholesterol is high you need statins and it's it's pretty LDL focus which is LDL cholesterol which is basically the test you get at your regular doctor's test but you've gone into this in a really robust way and for people who are interested there's nine articles on Peters website Peter attea MD comm which go into this so if you're low you're in our truth I think those are so dated right now mark you know I wrote that series in I mean 2012-2013 yeah and you know in terms of our understanding of this space things like I I almost would be embarrassed to go back and read those when I contrast it with how much more is understood today so if people are really interested what I'd actually direct them towards is a few podcasts that I've done with the world's experts yeah the thing is I'm not as world's eggs podcast is that dry that's right yeah so you can hear they're great podcast and and so there's an interview I did with Ron Krause is one interview and then there's a five-part series I did with Tom Dayspring who you know these would be two of the five most knowledgeable people on the planet not in the country on the planet and when it comes to this topic and you know so that's the those would to me be the best references on the nuances of this topic and you know the nice thing about Ron and Tom is they're both super interested in the nutritional side of this as well in other words they don't just come at this through the lens of the pharmacologic hammer is the only approach and I think they also just bring with them sort of the humility that says look we don't know everything in fact we clearly don't because you know as the saying goes the further you get from the shore the deeper the water gets so you know for example like here's something we don't know at all today that I think we thought we knew seven years ago we we thought we sort of understood HDL biology before everybody talks about HDL is the quote-unquote good cholesterol a term that makes me want to kill kittens oh no our cats are hiding and we sort of thought we had a sense of what mattered like a high HDL cholesterol was good mm-hm and we now know that that's that's an association that's along for the ride but any efforts to raise the cholesterol of HDL have either backfired and become harmful or at best not helpful and there's no such thing as HDL there are many varieties of it right sure and it turns out that it's the function of the HDL that matters and yet we don't have a test to measure HDL functionality so I'm almost at the point where I don't I think it's safe to say I almost don't even pay attention to HDL anymore someone's got any 239 you don't worry I mean a there's nothing I can do about it other than if I believe that it is a consequence of metabolic dysregulation which we're going to try to correct anyway but whether I know the cholesterol content of the HDL particle the number of HDL particles or the size of the HDL particles none of these seems to be good enough proxies for the function of H do that the ability to deliver date which is like the vacuum cleaner that cleans up ya cholesterol and in fact we see the opposite right there are lots of case studies and I've seen clinical examples of patients with very very high HDL cholesterol you think oh this is fantastic and they have devastating cardiovascular disease because their high HDL is the result of their HDL being so backed up that they can't actually function so they aren't able to go in there D lipid 8 they're these totally backed up full so we call that you know these patients have something called hyper alpha like health hyper alpha lipoprotein II Mia's a very you know rare nerdy disorders you know it you know these these people will show up with HDL cholesterol so 100 milligrams per deciliter and higher so you know I think we know a few things I think those few things are at least enough for us to make a decision today because every time you make your decision I mean what how do you figure this out because when people go to the doctor they don't really get the state-of-the-art cholesterol test today Brian we're still practicing 20th century medicine in the 21st century right and you talk about testing particle size particle number looking at it quite differently than most doctors that's the first step right so figure out what the first step is hopefully finding a doctor who can do some advanced testing and and so the most important part of the advanced test for me is really twofold I mean there's so the first thing I do before I do native stuff I sort of explain to patients what are we doing we're using a blood test to try to approximate your risk of heart disease so the first thing I want to do is understand what are the drivers of heart disease how many of these things can be measured in the blood because you always have blind spots when you do a test you can't do a test and say well now I know everything about this nation and so what I always do with patients is I and it takes about 30 or 40 minutes the very first time we review labs as I go through a thorough sclerosis cancer Alzheimer's disease you know every single thing that one might ever care about yeah and I talked about what we believe today the drivers are of those diseases how we can measure each of these things and then you know it by the end you have this huge map of everything that we believe is known and what we don't know so at the very least from a sort of Rumsfeld like perspective we have our known knowns and our known unknowns but we still have blind spots we can't see but when it comes to cardiovascular you say look basically four big drivers of this disease outside of smoking and hypertension so those are huge drivers of this disease but they're a we don't really look for huge markers of them in the bloodstream and secondly we sort of we look at the behavior and we look like that but when it comes to at the cellular level we think of the lipoprotein we think of the underlying state of metabolism we think of inflammation we think about endothelial function and then we double click on each of those so what does that mean the lipoprotein which is the little particle that's gonna carry the sterile into the sub endothelial space provided me a nutrient English means you mean the the carrier for the cholesterol particle that gets into your arteries it that's right and so you look maybe start at the beginning you've got this endothelium which is this thin single-cell layer that lines the artery okay so that's your barrier like your Teflon barrier that's right so so the first thing I say is why is smoking at high blood pressure why are they bad well they're bad because they they reduce the efficacy of that barrier so anything that's going to make it easier yeah for something to cross them that's gonna be a bad start so the the first thing that we realize is lots of particles cross that barrier and most of them come right back out so it's not the crossing of the barrier that isn't it of itself problematic it's the retention of a particle ducking it's getting stuck in there and then it's this chemical reaction called oxidation it's rusting yeah yeah effectively I mean you can it's a bit of an oversimplification but I think for the purpose that goes rancid that's photo oxidation right yeah that that's a nice way to think about it and and it's that oxidation that then creates an inflammatory response so which is what causes heart disease Alzheimer's cancer well I mean I think it's hard for me to just say that I mean I would say that inflammation plays a role probably in most diseases but of course mostly inflammation does goods for us I mean if we didn't have an immune system and we couldn't mount an inflammatory response we wouldn't be sitting here right now we would have died in utero or shortly thereafter so our immune system is doing its best but on some level when it comes to these lipoproteins depositing their cholesterol in the wall a chemical signal gets kicked off and the chemical signal is a warning and that's something that we can measure both specifically and none specifically in the blood so an example of that that I would hope every doctor measures is c-reactive protein yeah so the problem is those aren't very specific you can't test for inflammation you can have an infection or sore throat or you could have heart disease that's right and you know the extremes are good when someone has a series of protein of 0.3 or 30 you're you're you're you know you feel better because the 30 is not heart disease the 30 is that person's sick right like you know then they usually know they're sick and but then we look at very specific markers of inflammation that may be more unique to this case so something like LP PLA 2 which is an endothelial enzyme or oxidized LDL specifically and then we look at these other metabolic those roots that are available to regular lab at most doctors don't that's right yeah so our cardiovascular panel is not just looking at the lipoproteins of which there are four we pay close attention to really three if I'm if I'm really going to be pushed to it and we like to do things in threes it's LP little a which is you know to me the the the worst atrocity in modern medicine today when you consider the cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in this country and when you combine it with cerebral vascular disease it's I think of this as atherosclerosis right these these are far ahead of cancer even though people say well cancer is going to surpass heart disease in 20 years or maybe less but atherosclerosis is the only inevitable disease of our species hardening in the arteries yeah it's this inflammatory process of the arteries that ultimately leads to heart attack stroke things like that so so atherosclerosis is inevitable and somewhere between 8 and 12 percent of people are walking around with a genetic predisposition to it in the form of this special type of LDL called LP little-a so it's just like an LDL particle but it has a little extra April lipoprotein attached to it unfortunately the nomenclature of lipid ology doesn't serve it well yeah it comes to communicating and fusing yeah yeah yeah so this genetic though you know its genetic us for it but you didn't change it you can't change it yet I mean you can using one drug go up and down yeah it's it's it's an acute phase reactants so it can move a little bit but but as a general rule it doesn't as a general rule what we do is we treat residual risk with the LDL there is a drug right now called an antisense oligonucleotide that's in Phase three to lower it so it attacks the DNA cycle of making the a PO little a so the so when that drug works which it seems to work very well you basically take an injection twice a year and it wipes out a palatal a which means you have no LP little a the one you got to know that you have to know a person's LDL particle number so you alluded to cut cholesterol that's the one that most people get so when someone says I one of the doctor and my LDL is a hundred what they're saying is my LDL cholesterol is a hundred milligrams per deciliter or you know six millimolar or would have depending on what units you're using and that's just saying what's the concentration of all the cholesterol contained within the LDL part against it's the weight of it in your blood basically yes it's well it's the it's the density right so mass per unit volume of the cholesterol in the particle now that has some predictive capacity but it's not actually great yeah and if you look at the really good data both in the largest cohorts that have ever been studied in both the Framingham population and the mesa population the number of particles turns out to be much more predictive and in fact anytime and every time particle number so how many of those LDL particles do you have which you can do either directly through some techniques in chemistry or indirectly by measuring something called a PO B because every LDL particle has one of these little a PO B things sitting on it so you count those you count the particles every time you put these head-to-head it's no comparison yeah knowing the number of particles always beats the cholesterol concentration in terms of predicting risk so to bring it down if you have a cholesterol LDL of a hundred you could have 3,000 particles or you could have 300 particles and you get the same number when you go to the doctor with totally different implications for risk of heart disease right and more commonly it wouldn't be that much of a spread but to give you a real example you could have an LDL cholesterol of a hundred milligrams per deciliter which places you had about xx percent of the population and I think most people would say if your goal is primary prevention there's nothing wrong with that but that person could have 700 animals per liter of particles which would be very low that's the 5th percentile so and they're discordant in the right direction yeah or they could have 1500 particles placing them at closer to the 70 at their 75th percentile and they're discordant in the wrong direction yeah and then on top of that everything I've said tells you nothing about their LP little-a right so that person could have an LP little-a of which normal would be less than 50 nano mole per liter in terms of the particle number and if that person is walking around at 150 even if their LDL particle number is normal there's still at greater risk of not just atherosclerosis but aortic stenosis as well and I tell my patients I said make sure you tell your doctor to get an NMR which is basically a MRI of your cholesterol look at the number of particles sometimes there's another test called cardio IQ which is quest but NMR is through lab core cardio IQs request they measure those things and they're valid and they're not that expensive and they're available the good news is now there's an even more accurate test than NMR called electrophoresis so centrifugation electrophoresis are ways that actually insurance companies are now reimbursing for so so we've actually switched over in the past few months to using electrophoresis to measure LDL particle number as opposed to NMR and some people say that we should focus on not only the particle number but also on how many small particles there are because you can have yeah this is an interesting discussion I get into with Ron Krause in that podcast because Ron is in the camp that says the size of the particles independent of the number of particles also matters so if you had somebody that had a thousand particles but their distribution was mostly small they're in the worst situation for 700 that's right then the reverse and and I I think that is probably the case but I the check the reason I don't fixate on that number is I don't have a direct treatment for it in other words I can indirectly try to address that because that seems to run as a proxy to metabolic health in other words nobody would deny that patients with smaller particles all things equal when compared to patients with large particles are metabolically less healthy so I tend to focus on things where I feel like I can more directly impact it such as their insulin level their average glucose level right things where their triglycerides double clicking on the metabolic that's right it's tab yeah so when you click on that tab what do you what do you see and how does it relate to the cholesterol because you just hinted at it that that insulin blood sugar that may be the driver of use have normal we you know glucose and insulin play a really intimate relationship when it comes to vascular disease and we learned this by the studies that have been done in patients with type 2 diabetes so most people know that type 2 diabetes is a condition of well I wouldn't say most people I would say most people would not define it the way I'm about to define it which is type 2 diabetes is a disorder of carbohydrate intolerance yeah so again that's not a that would be sort of a controversial definition in some circles but I think guys like us that's a to me it's the most logical explanation possible so if you have a disorder of carbohydrate metabolism you are not able to metabolize whatever carbohydrate load you have your glucose levels are going to be higher and higher and higher and so the diagnosis of diabetes is made in my opinion poorly by using this proxy or of average blood glucose called the hemoglobin a1c and once a patient's level reaches a 6.5 percent which corresponds to an approximate average of something like 130 to 140 milligrams per deciliter we say that's the threshold I could talk for hours on why I disagree with that approach but directionally it yields a reasonable answer right someone with a hemoglobin a1c of 5% versus seven and a half percent there's a clear difference in those people now studies to lower glucose have found interesting things the first is if you lower glucose with insulin so you take those station well it makes some things worse than some things better blood sugar better but makes it sludge sugar better higher yes so why is that because there's more to the story right when you give those patients more insulin and you lower their blood sugar you actually do fix something you fix their micro vascular disease they do need less amputations they have less kidney destruction their erections are better right - - is better exactly so you do fix the micro vascular stuff they're really really really tiny blood vessels that you can't see with your eye those get better in response to aggressive glucose lowering using insulin but the point you made a second ago can't be forgotten which is their mortality doesn't improve heart disease their strokes and heart disease go up as their aortic disease and that offers us an insight into the role that insulin and glucose play which is that insulin is probably damaging to the macro vascular disease so the reason their micro vascular disease is probably getting better is they have less of that glycosylated hemoglobin that is actually creating this mechanical obstruction in those tiny tiny tiny blood vessels the best tool is a tool that can lower glucose and lower insulin and while there's you know drugs like metformin that can do that there's really nothing that beats nutritional biochemistry has the strategies over that well yeah no I heard of story the other day on the podcast is this woman at Cleveland Clinic who came in with you know BMI of 43 she was that's very overweight normals less than 25 she had diabetes for ten years on lots of insulin heart failure ejection fraction 35% renal insufficiency you know kidneys weren't working liver was trashed high blood pressure and within three days of putting her on a very low carbohydrate higher fat diet not keto but you know some version in the middle she got off insulin within three months her blood sugar was normal she was off her meds she's lost 43 pounds or ejection fraction was 54% which is normal and her kidney functions got better and every year she lost 116 pounds and it was all through food you know food is when you think about a drug was a drug that could your high blood pressure cure diabetes cure heart failure kidney failure acute liver failure oh my god it buy stock right away what but there is it's called food except it's not patentable yeah and and look it's harder right I mean the reason we I think are the reason we like drugs is there the effectiveness is higher the food I think has more efficacy for the most part it depends on the situation but as a general rule for metabolic health food by far has the most efficacy or absence of food I would argue fasting is the single most important tool we have in our nutritional toolkit but the effectiveness which means the ease with which one can implement it tends to be higher so pills have less efficacy meaning when they're looking perfectly they don't work as well but they're much easier to take if all you do is take a pill a day or a shot a day and not that the compliance is perfect there but it's it's it tends to be easier so again my view is I just I just want to be agnostic to all of this stuff yeah I mean Anna and I tend to sort of I don't know shy away from the debate about you know medicine versus food the way I sort of because I do have patients that come in and say things like well I don't want to take any pills I don't or I don't take any drugs I'm willing to take supplements but I'm not and I just sort of look at them and I say if I was your general contractor and you brought me in to build your house and I said to you listen I don't use skilsaws and I don't use hammers and I only use Robertson screwdrivers how would you feel I mean wouldn't that site strike you as odd yeah it's like how about how about a contractor who says I have every tool there is and I'm quite facile at using them and will spend all of our time trying to understand what's the best tool for the particular job so so I think there are five broad baskets of tools of which nutrition is one yeah and drugs are one yeah and I think we're solving a very hard problem and what are the other everything that has to do with sleep everything that has to do with exercise physiology and everything that has to do with managing de-stress stress well I don't I hate the word stress mark this dress yeah I think de-stress is much more it's sort of distressed tolerance is really when it comes down to stress I mean the dress resiliency it's broader than that but it's everything that fits around how you manage the endocrine response physiologic response to distress how you manage your life basically in your response to it yeah and it's you know this is something that I think up until you know four years ago I dismissed as sort of outside of the purview of trying to live longer I just didn't think that that Matt I thought that was a hundred percent sort of a function of your disposition as a person and it didn't matter that much and you know and I interviewed Robert Sapolsky who wrote why zebras ulcers recently and it was just a wonderful discussion to really get into kind of the physiology of stress and why is hypercortisolism attic and this is you get stressed whether it's a real or imagined stress it creates a response in your body that raises cortisol which is the stress hormone and adrenaline and that cortisol is great in the short term running from a tiger but it destroys your body over the long term right and because we didn't evolve to around the long term stuff it served us very well in the short term obviously as you said if you're in a situation of danger or you know you needed to get something done evolutionary pressure was very good at driving that but I mean one I think I like to believe that we had more acute stress and less chronic stress as our ancestors that is and today it's probably flipped we have less acute stress other than social media and more chronic stress and and so we're now sort of dealing with the long tail effect of I perk or dasa leimia in addition to some of the other hormones beside the glucocorticoids that do this and I mean cortisol to me is just such an interesting hormone you know one hormone that can do the same thing to the can do two different things to the same cell there's not a lot of hormones that do that so if you look at insulin for example insulin is always going to do the same thing to a fat cell it is always promoting lipolysis so it is needed what production of more fat cells more fat it's making this I'm sorry not like Paul is doing the opposite it sprits producing lipogenesis so so insulin is always making a fat cell fatter so on the on the inside on the door into the fat cell it's promoting us verification taking these triglycerides lumping them together and making them into their storage form and on a high insulin prevents your fat cells from releasing them well that's the others points gonna make on the outdoor it's doing the same thing it's inhibiting the lipolysis that's allowing these things to get out well that's important just positive area because because what what what Peters saying is that when you eat a diet that raises your insulin which is usually a dye that's high in starch and sugar it puts the fat in the fat cells and it's a one-way door you can't get out and so as long as your instance high it's very tough to lose weight which is why low carbohydrate diets often work so well for weight loss yeah I mean actually might be worth coming back to this I think they were sort of broadly speaking like three macro phenotypes of obesity and one of them is this hyperinsulinemic phenotype which responds really well to carbohydrate restriction but the point I wanted to make about cortisol is cortisol can do both cortisol can liberate fat from the fat cell because if you think about it you're being attacked by a tiger you want to burn through your creatine phosphate your glycogen but you also want a lot of fatty acids around you need is you need it's an all-hands-on-deck give me all the energy I have so that actually requires lipolysis or breaking fat out of the fat cell so in that sense it is catabolic to a fat cell breaks it down but cortisol also is anabolic to a fat cell it can also put fat in so if you think about this clinically we see this all the time patients that are taking corticosteroids prednisone things like that or even in disease states like Cushing's disease and things like that these patients accumulate preternatural amounts of fat I mean that's enormous but in the short run cortisol can stimulate hormone sensitive lipase and actually break down fat so I always found cortisol to be a misunderstood hormone including by myself and one that I'm just you know really excited to learn about because it also feeds into this other phenotype which is I've seen patients with completely normal insulin levels who cannot lose an ounce yeah and you put those patients on carbohydrate restricted diet nothing happens now they'll gain weight it doesn't it doesn't mean anything they're gonna eat all the fat in the world and they'll get and in these patients you have to be looking at the other endocrine systems and I sort of think of them as four big systems the thyroid adrenal sex hormones and then this fuel partitioning system of which insulin and glucagon are be a part of them so I don't know I would just say just that a lot in that sense and that is what Peter just said is some of the most important thinking in medicine which is that what is the cocktail of hormones in your body what are they doing at any one time and how are they affecting your risk of disease or diabetes heart disease death you know affecting longevity affecting your mood I mean it's it's so powerful and they're modulated by all those things you talked about they're modulated by diet by exercise by sleep yeah by how we interact with stress by and then medication sometimes and that's another great example I mean I've seen the phenotype of normal insulin levels I mean just how to have the first show open your eyes yeah yeah so I've seen the sort of I have normal insulin levels I have seemingly normal cortisol levels but that person's not sleeping you know that person sleeps four hours a night that person's gonna have a brutal time losing weight it is really hard to get the body to especially if they're eating even if they're not eating horribly but if they're just sort of grazing all day if they're sort of feeding if they're constantly being exposed to nutrients there which again is more likely if you're if you're awake 20 hours as opposed to being awake say 16 hours you've got four extra hours to feed but also a lot of that feeding comes at a time of day when I think there's evidence emerging that the later you're consuming food the worse all things equal in fact was a study that just we have dinner before the podcast and said absolutely no if it were I mean if I could be czar of the world for a day and change one thing on that list would be completely changing the social structure around meals and making breakfast the dominant meal and totally inverting the way we do things so in other words I if we could eat from so intermittent fast on the back end not on the front end yeah it would be if we could eat from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. and then you know go to bed at 8:00 p.m. or something like that like if you know you would I'm I really believe that would have a profound impact on people's health and there's experimental data to support this including studies of patients you know Sachin Panda and colleagues just published two weeks ago I believe looking at a study that took patients with type 2 diabetes and randomizing them well they actually did a crossover but there were two groups that you so you were your own control and you crossed over into early versus late time restricted feeding so meaning you were either eating from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. or noon to 8 p.m. yeah so same feeding window same amount of food both groups had an enormous reduction in average glucose relative to their non crossed over self but the early feeding window had lower average glucose that's in the late feeding window interesting and and again I think that's consistent with the animal literature that says we are more insulin sensitive in the morning hmm okay so back it up a little bit when you talk about phenotypes you talked about there are different types of obesity it's not uniform right and there are different types of profiles of your cholesterol and it's not all uniform they don't respond uniformly I have patient I just two interesting names one had the worst lipid profile with you know a total cholesterol of 300 triglycerides of 300 and HDL of like 30 this is terrible numbers and her particle numbers were really high over 2004 LDL and really struggled to lose weight trying to do the right things so I put her in a ketogenic diet cross my fingers she dropped 20 pounds like that her numbers plummeted her cholesterol went to 200 her triglycerides went to under a hundred or HDL popped up 40 points and I was like this is impressive so another guy but he wasn't overweight similar profile it actually didn't change and he was a biker he exercised and he's probably called a lean mass hyper responders and I think I'm probably in that category because if I tend to eat more saturated fat I'll see my lipids get worse whereas others get better so we say saturated fat as it could or bad the answer is sort of it depends right but that's my take mark I mean I this is a controversial topic and I'm probably at the limits to which I'm interested talking about it's been so much time talking about it my view on this is it so it comes down to the belief which is our lipoproteins necessary but not sufficient for atherosclerosis and my it's a very important question in biology we always have to ask that question about anything we're trying to figure out right is an AoE gene necessary but not sufficient necessary and sufficient neither necessary nor sufficient for someone to get alzheimer's disease right we have to be able to unpack everything that way I think the evidence with atherosclerosis and lipoproteins is as close to unambiguous as you can get in medicine and biology which is to say the life of protein the LDL thing that we talk about is a necessary but not sufficient condition for atherosclerosis in other words you can't get atherosclerosis if you don't have the lipoprotein but just because you have the lipoprotein or a lot of them doesn't mean you're going to get atherosclerosis there's not a one-to-one correlation no and the debate is are really confusing it absolutely does and unfortunately that's biology but look that's turned that's that that's most things smoking is neither necessary nor sufficient to get heart disease but it's still causal yeah this is very important let me repeat it you don't have to smoke to get heart disease and just because you smoke you're not gonna get heart disease so it's neither necessary nor sufficient but would anybody dispute the causal relationship between smoking and atherosclerosis no what about hypertension you you can get tons of heart disease without with normal blood pressure and you could have raging high blood pressure and not get heart disease correct would anybody at this point dispute the causal relationship between hypertension and atherosclerosis no yes somehow when we come to lipids people get all phosphorylated over the fact that you can have high LDL or foaming-at-the-mouth they're just there yeah and and so so what you so people will say one of the arguments is we'll look you know so-and-so is on a great diet he's on a ketogenic diet his LDL is through the roof but look his insulin is low his hemoglobin a1c is low he's metabolic a healthy he can't get heart disease yeah which I would argue by what logic like what is the evidence to suggest that I would argue that certainly someone with high LDL who's metabolically healthy is in a much better shape than somebody who has a high LDL who's metabolically unhealthy the horse there is benefit in being metabolically healthy but given that we don't really have the data which i think is the argument of do we have a cohort of 10,000 people on ketogenic diets with who are in the phenotype you've described which means they have their metabolically healthily but they have sky-high LDL and we have followed them for 40 years yeah do we have that cohort because if we do we could get the answer to the west java in the absence of that my rational brain whatever says look we have to abide by the precautionary principle which is in my mind those patients should be treated so with a statin it depends again there are four ways that LDL gets driven LD LDL particle is driven by four things the first is by the burden of triglyceride you have to carry so the more triglycerides you have the more of those particles you need because those particles are carrying not just cholesterol but triglyceride so the first thing I'm always asking is what is the burden of triglyceride and if the LDL particle is high in the triglyceride is high those patients will often respond very well to nutritional therapy but if they don't or the normal triglyceride then it's not as easy or if they don't respond so I have an IVA yeah I just actually saw a patient for the first time last week and his Triggs were a thousand well that's a genetic thing exactly but you know the funny thing is the doctors he was seeing before it didn't seem that concerned about it because he had normal LDL cholesterol he had an LDL cholesterol of 130 which is about the 50th percentile he's young he's 38 but his Triggs have historically varied between 300 and a thousand and again that's just an example of I don't wanna say bad medicine but it is it's just bad medicine right one when you count his particles they're through the roof because his particles aren't just having to carry around all of the cholesterol that you measure in the LDL cholesterol but also the triglycerides and secondly he has he does have a canoe as a type three lipoprotein emia 3b and so he's at risk not just from his LDL even if you drive his LDL down to zero with all the drugs in the world his risk is still sky-high because his VLDL remnants are gonna stick around forever yeah so these are patients that need to be on another class of drug called Fenna fibrates the lower the triglyceride to lower the triglycerides specifically so then the next way the next trick we have up our sleeve is we lower cholesterol synthesis and that's the the drug of choice there is a statin statins inhibit an enzyme that is in the early part of the pathway from making cholesterol and so by giving that enzyme we reduce cholesterol synthesis now most of the efficacy of statins probably doesn't come from the reduced cholesterol synthesis it's that it plays a little trick on the liver and the liver up regulates LDL receptors and it pulls more LDL out of circulation that's also an anti-inflammatory in any other it almost assuredly has benefits from both of those things as well so these sort of so-called plea atrophic benefits that come from its benefits beyond lipid lowering and and I don't think it's an accident by the way that statins occur in nature I have this stick that I think's right it's on Chinese red roast pork that's all red that's what's Peck yeah I mean I I don't think it's an accident that the three most in my opinion impressive drugs in the toolkit of longevity are all naturally occurring because okay which are well I think rapamycin metformin and statins and and there and the reason which is not to say everybody should be on any or all of these drugs but I just think these are drugs that do something each of them attacks or targets a very important piece of our biology that if if you didn't know any better and I just said hey mark I got a great idea for you let's let's come up with a drug that stops mTOR you'd be like that's a crazy idea like mTOR is so central it is your existence well okay fine but let's go after a drug that targets complex one of the mitochondria I mean it sounds crazy it shouldn't work it should have profound toxicity any of the toxicity of statins of metformin of rapamycin is so low hmm and I my totally unscientific rationale for that is all of these things occurred in nature and nature's super smart and you know for example like the bacteria that secreted rapamycin which is how rapamycin was discovered on Easter Island yeah you know they had a billion years to work out the kinks of having something that was toxic enough to kill off the yeast that it was fighting but not so toxic to kill itself there were naturally anybody yeah I sort of think about again the antibiotics another great example right naturally-occurring compounds that do remarkable things but have surprisingly low toxicity so so anyway so that's the second category the third category is cholesterol absorption so you and you can measure how much a person synthesizes or absorbs by looking at proxies so you can look at intermediaries of the cholesterol synthetic pathway and measure their synthesis you can absolutely nothing I'm not into that the first you're gonna get when you go to your doctors I can say well you're a high cholesterol absorber or you're a more of a synthesizer or you're both or you're neither that's right I'm not gonna give that information but it's available through commercially available tests I I mean I guess I take for granted that I have these tests and that every time I get to make a decision about this thing I get to look at those tests but I don't I feel bad for ducks that are trying to make these decisions without those dislikes it was looking through Glock goggles that are completely fogged up and trying to make it right right do right hi I'm Chuck I mean I've been testing these things for twenty years when no one was testing them and people thought I was crazy CRP why would you ever check that that's a waste of money lipid particles it wasn't even it was a small little lab it was I think it's somewhere in the southeast that was doing this and I used to work with them now it's it's more out there but you know Ron Krause are talking about he figured this out like 40 years ago yeah I mean the you know Iran's Ron's been a very steadfast and yet sort of modest quiet champion of this stuff Allan Snyderman basically you know figured out the importance of this thing called a poby and how these number of a poby particles mattered I mean now Allan is in Canada he's at to Mako University also just an incredibly close mentor actually someone I really hope to have on the podcast because mean between you know Ron and Tom and Alan I mean these as you noted in the introduction I mean that's how I've been able to learn this stuff it's that I've got I've got people like that in every subspecialty and every little nook and cranny and hole of Medicine that have just been so generous with sort of sharing this knowledge with me and then that so so then cholesterol absorption as you said we can measure this we look at phytosterols we look at stan all's they tell us how much they're absorbing and you know just today I saw a patient with cholesterol dlp is her LDL P particle number is actually reasonable but her family history is pretty bad she actually has some calcifications and her coronary arteries so we're not at goal yet she's already on a statin not a high dose but when you see her sterols you realize the wrong answer is to just hammer her with more statin when I have this totally other target of these you know profound I absorb high absorption so we give for a different type of drug that actually blocks the absorption of her sterile a bile acid block no I give her a zetia is that oh my yeah the bile acid sequestrants are there they work but they're not that well tolerated yeah and then the last thing is if you have patients who have normal triglycerides normal synthesis normal absorption or even hypo so you know they're hypoactive on those things and they still have sky-high levels you know these patients usually fit into a category called familial hypercholesterolemia where they have a defect in they have defective LDL receptors and even though there are literally thousands of snips that make up this very high ridge that's right they make up this genetic you sort of heterogeneous population there are lots of people that don't rise to the level of having familial hypercholesterolemia but they still have the same issue which is defective LDL receptors and so you can treat them indirectly with a statin although I don't I like to be very careful of that if they don't synthesize too much cholesterol I don't like giving statins to patients that don't have a high degree of cholesterol synthesis and we have a new drug now that's been around for for maybe close to five years now called pcsk9 inhibitors and of course there's issues with these drugs they're not cheap right yeah and they're not going to be approved for most patients unless they have very advanced disease they've already had a heart attack or they in fact have familial for cholesterol amina but you know i probably have a dozen patients taking pcsk9 inhibitors as well and they're they're remarkable drugs which bringing it back to something you asked about earlier also lower LP little-a in most patients by about a third but you know there's a you you right that no cholesterol is essential for life absolutely it's not something that's bad it's part of every cell membrane it's what your sex hormones are made from you know it's essential and yet you hear some cardiologists going let's get it down to zero like let's just use these these new drugs these PC ks9 well inhibitors you get them damn it remember what we're measuring in the blood which is what they're talking about is largely irrelevant I mean the so when you look at how pcsk9 inhibitors came about they came about after a really interesting paper in the New England Journal of Medicine circa 2004 it's a very recent discovery which was this population of people that had mutations of pcsk9 so they the first group that were found were people that had hyperactive pcsk9 so what is pcsk9 aside from being a mouthful it is an enzyme sort of an enzyme and you should really technically refer to it as a protein but functionally it's an enzyme that degrades LDL receptors so remember and again this you can start to see why the layers of complexity make it such that it's just easier to take a black-and-white view of this stuff because if not you then have to get into these details of your liver has LDL receptors yeah you got this protein it can break them down and if you have a hyperactive version of that enzyme which a subset of people do you are constantly breaking down the LDL receptors means your LD your LDL goes through the roof these people are get are getting ravaged by heart disease so those that population was discovered first but then more recently a population of the opposite were discovered these people had hypoactive pcsk9 so their enzyme was pretty pathetic and therefore they were just growing LDL receptors all day long they were staying there and their LDL was really low again these numbers were measured in LDL cholesterol level but they were typically 10 to 20 milligrams per deciliter I mean you wouldn't lay low incredibly low and guess what they never got heart disease and guess what they also didn't seem to get anymore cancer Alzheimer's or any other bad things as well and I think for some people that really stumps them because on the one hand we're saying cholesterol is vital for life which it is but on the other hand they're saying but how can these people have such low cholesterol and be so functioning and it basically comes down to realizing how narrow a window it is to look in the body at just the lipoproteins in the bloodstream the lipoproteins in the bloodstream are just the things that are trafficking cholesterol between cells and back to the liver and unfortunately sometimes over to the arteries of the heart and fortunately sometimes from the artery of the heart back to the liver and doing forward and reverse cholesterol transport but it's you know you want to talk about how narrow of you that is that's sort of like trying to look through you know a tiny tiny crack in a door and actually see everything inside of a building I mean it's it's a grotesquely simplified view the reality of it is every organ every cell in the body makes cholesterol every single cell there's some debate about whether there are certain cells that maybe can't do it as well but the bottom line is every cell makes cholesterol and we have to sort of also trust nature a little bit I just I think during the process of evolution which was optimized around our early survival and reproduction there is simply no way the body wouldn't have a hundred and fifty redundant ways to make sure we had enough cholesterol because as you point out essential for life if you if you don't have cholesterol in your cell you're gone yeah there are there are rare genetic disorders of low cholesterol like synthesis and function and these babies die in utero I mean these are rare rare unheard of things you know anything that's gonna prevent you from making sex hormones forget about it yeah so so look I'm not suggesting that everybody needs to walk around with an LDL cholesterol of 10 or 20 and I don't manage any of my patients to that level and nor do I feel that statins should be in the drinking water which is the extreme opposite you I mean yeah you know it's like the amount of promotion of prevention for statins seems to be out sort of pacing the science of it and I'm not against statins but I think they're used excessively and I think that I always have the question in my mind of you know if you're doing it in such a targeted specific way that you are it makes sense if you're just saying like anybody with an LDL over 100 we need to get down it's everybody every gets on statin there's mitochondrial injury which we'll get into the longevity conversation a minute affects longevity it seems to be linked to increased risk of diabetes and then some resistance yeah I mean that's the most quantifiable risk is there is clearly an increase in the risk of type 2 diabetes but it's also important to quantify it right it's an absolute risk it's actually quite small but also the muscle affects a rehab the wrestling's you really talk about this with wrong I talked about this at length with Ron Krause so they reported the in the literature the incidence of myalgias this muscle pain with statins is about 5% I think most clinicians feel it's closer to 10% yeah or more I mean III just you know an average doctor I'm not a cardiologist and I see you know lots of patients and it seems to be just the sniff test a lot of patients have intolerance of statins with muscle pain and aching and even without their muscle enzymes going on yeah well and then in your your you know that's a good point right it's not necessarily correlated with the CKD and it's not correlated with with lfts and it's challenging because I think a big part of it is the placebo effect as well there's just no denying the power the placebo effect so it's really hard to study this and that's why I think studies of self-reported you know myalgias have reported as high as one-third again I said the literature says about 4.9 percent I think it's probably in the 10% ballpark but the other thing that I think most doctors aren't paying enough attention to is just how many statins are out there and how I mean I've had patients that absolutely positively have to be on a statin it's you know it's you know it's it's really in their best interest and when you cycle through the really popular ones Crestor and lipitor they really experience pain and I believe the pain is real again even if it's the placebo effect it doesn't matter it's if they're experiencing pain they're experiencing pain so but a lot of doctors don't realize you've got things like live alone out there which are far less potent meaning they're not going to do as great a job at lowering LDL but they are going to spare them a lot of those symptoms I've been using previs statin a lot which is a very old-school statin all yes it's less time oh my god its way the prep prep prep a call is basically Pharma grade red yeast rice uh-huh it really is it's really you know 80 milligrams of protocol is comparable to about 2400 milligrams of Reggie's rice I found it worked really well in something absolutely it just comes with the advantage of being pharmaceutical grade so no I mean I can yes you see I'm no just meaning like you could argue they're equivalent but I sometimes unless the patient is really adamant against not taking a drug for whatever reason then I'll say fine but but anyway so you also have to partly just sort of be nuanced in your approach of these drugs I mean there's like you know a dozen statins out there not a dozen but they're close enough so it's it's it's I think you just you just have to take the time to sort of play with these things and figure out what the right cocktail isn't it what's the minutes like responders you know with with a fat and they get high cholesterol right right more particles do those people needs tens in my opinion it's just a question it's just look it's just a question of like do you want to play with fire hmm so so you know one argument is well you can get more information and I don't see any harm in doing that so if you ask you something like calcium score but again it's important understand these calcium scores are you know calcium scores give you a 2x2 of information right so either the score is high or low and the patient is young or old and I actually talked about this at length on a podcast with Ethan Weiss and we could he's a preventive cardiologist at UCSF really a bright guy and what we talked about is look you've got you've got two squares of that to two categories of that Foursquare that are not particularly helpful so an older patient with calcification you sort of expect that so if a patient is you know 70 years old not that that's the even that old anymore but you know what we would say historically you know so someone who's 70 years old with a calcium score of a hundred I've learned very little by the fact like that doesn't make me want to treat them any more or any less now an eighty year old with a calcium score of zero all of a sudden that's a different story maybe that's the person you don't need to treat if there's another contraindication to it similarly when you talk about the young patient so I had a patient yesterday he's 48 years old his lipids are pretty wacky and so I could she did a calcium score on him I also did a CT angiogram on him for a different reason and he was clean as a whistle yeah so I said look the good news is you clean as a whistle the bad news is I expect you to be on lean as a whistle you're 48 years old I mean people don't understand what calcium means like how late a state that is these last and final stage of atherosclerosis soft plaque it's hard plaque that said it's it's the it's the it's the concrete on top of Chernobyl mm-hmm so you know I'm all I'm delighted that you don't have a calcium score at the age of 48 but that doesn't give you a clean bill of health that just means that your 10 year risk is really low I said you know the probability you're gonna die of a heart attack by the time you're 58 is less than 2% that's awesome it's better than if it were more than 2% but if you playing the long game in the long game is delaying atherosclerosis as long as possible I'm just not sure on what planets you want to walk around with an LDL particle number of the roof and again I'm only interested in the long game because atherosclerosis is inevitable your risk of cancer and Alzheimer's disease starts to decline by your ninth decade not so with also with atherosclerosis it's the only thing that rises monotonically Wow okay so speaking of being a hundred let's give it to longevity this is a huge air of interest for you you talked about the deterring your health spanning or lifespan and you talked about how do you get the centenarian Olympics as opposed to just being alive when you're on dry run and and you mapped out a number of different things that that are linked to more rapid aging and and ways to address that and that the factors that seem to be coming up in the science are things like inflammation and mitochondrial issues which is your energy factory and the role of sugar and glucose and some of these really interesting things that we can actually modify so what's your view of the whole idea of how do we biohack our bye span to get our health span to equal our life span meaning you yeah yeah no you die and then you just die right so 20 yep I I think I think what are you going for cuz I'm curious look I mean I I just want to exceed what my genetic potential is I mean I think genetically I'm probably the guy who's wired to make it to his 80s mm-hmm so I use a hundred as a mental model because I can picture how old my kids will be when I'm a hundred and how old their kids will be and probably how old their kids kids will be and I've mapped all this out not because I have any belief that I have some control over this or that you know somehow like the world is you know predetermined in that way but it allows me to think about how to reverse engineer this problem yeah so you know you you talked about sort of the centenary and Olympics which is this idea that I've developed about a year ago as a way to kind of communicate this to my patients which says you know so back up for a second four years ago I basically just stopped doing competitive sports you know I stopped you know doing like bike races where you know like you're trying to like win a little trophy or a medal or swim races or all these sorts of things and you know I sort of felt a bit of a void in my life when I stopped in 2015 which was this is the first time in my life since I was 13 so that's almost 30 years where I don't have a goal mmm like there's not a specific purpose that's taking me to the gym to do this thing to train for this event right and what I realized is actually I do I have a much more important goal than I've ever thought of before because those other goals were quite arbitrary like how fast can you ride 40 kilometers on your bike or you know can you swim to Catalina Island those are interesting but quite arbitrary but a much more interesting goal to me is how could I be the most kick-ass 100 year old to make sure that you know when my kids are in their sixties and their kids are in their thirties and their kids kids are the age of my kids today and what is the life that I imagine living and I mapped out 18 things that I need to be able to do to feel fulfilled Wow yeah a very very specific uses okay I need to be able to carry four bags of groceries up a flight of stairs I've heard me four bags of groceries up four flights of stairs all at the same time yeah carry four cuz I could do that today and I loved it if I thought I'd want to take an elevator to walk up to my apartment okay like I like that I need to be able to get up off the floor but you have to do in New York by the way like we have no elevator in our buildings have to walk up the stairs with your groceries and your luggage yeah I need to be able to get up off the floor using a single point of support and why do I realize that because I realize like my boys who are 2 & 5 we play on the floor a lot like we're playing with stuff and I have to come to their world yeah they're not gonna come sit at the table and play with me right I have to get on their floor and play with their toys there and I love doing that but you have to be able to get up after doing that yeah in it I mean how many hundred year olds do you see that can actually stand up on their own with a single point of support even get up out of a chair that's right I have to be able to put it by the ways by most people end up in a nursing home but not because of a disease because they can't get up out of a chair anymore yeah this is this what I call well this whole larger discussion but I'll give you a few more so I have to be able to put a 30 pound bag in an overhead compartment of an airplane and the reason I want to be able to like travel through an airport and actually put my stuff away and I notice I travel a lot and I noticed how many people can't actually put their bag up or take their bag down and I just don't want to be that guy and not because they're short no no it's just like there's something wrong their shoulder their back something like that their neck I want to be able to pull myself out of a swimming pool without stairs so you got to be able to like lift yourself up so anyway I've got 18 of these things and look they're subject to change I'm sure I'm gonna think of other things but they basically come down to a level of physical exertion that I want to be able to have and and by there's a lot of things I'm not gonna be able to do when I'm 100 that I can do now you know before we started this I was showing you some pictures of places in Hawaii where we're hunting and some of the terrain is the most complicated terrain in the history of the world I mean will I be able to hunt like that when I'm a hundred probably not and I'm willing to accept certain things but these 18 things became my bottom line I want these things and now even though I'm only 46 that gives me 54 years to train to do that and each of these things then projects back into milestones so if you want to be able to do those things I just described when you're a hundred you do what's called back casting well what do you need to be able to do when you're 90 and then what do you need to be able to do when you're 70 and 60 and 50 so right now I'm very fixated on what the 50 year old version needs to be able to do to make sure I hit those 18 things when I'm a hundred and so that disc that that becomes the centenarian Olympics is this event that I'm training for so of that I now do have an event in life and it requires a totally different way of training I mean it's totally foreign to me well it's a much much greater emphasis on stability which gets virtually no attention so mobility is the big buzzword everybody wants to talk about mobility this mobility that flexibility balance all of those things matter and they're all a subset of stability but stability is the thing that most of us have lost generally by the time we're five so if you look I'm lucky I have a two-year-old so I get this beautiful first-hand view of what amazing movement is meant to look like and when you look at the things that they can do you realize that every inch of them is connected so when they're moving their arm when they are doing something on the floor when they're rolling when they're turning everything is connected they are transferring force across their body through the muscles and not the joints and then something happens I mean there are a lot of things that happen that I won't get into just for the sake of time but one of the biggest insults is we start doing this sitting down yeah once we start sitting we lose our connection to our pelvic floor and it's this cylinder that sits within our body from our diaphragm to our pelvic floor and around all of the muscles that you know line this tank as we lose that connection all of a sudden we start to lose the ability to connect what's happening here to what's happening here and what's happening here to what's happening here and all of these chronic injuries start to crop up so both on a personal level I've experienced I mean what I can only describe is the most remarkable transformations in terms of my own physical health you know without relying on surgery too fix injuries that I like what do you do no I mean I have torn labrum Xin both shoulders that at one point left me completely unable to do even one push up my elbow was in such debilitating pain that I could barely I mean I could still function but I was basically in pain 24/7 and of course to learn that that was coming from the inability I had to stabilize my scapula so anytime I was doing anything that was pulling or pulling up or carrying anything it was transmitting force all to this joint as opposed to these huge muscles we have here that were designed to transmit that for us you know pain ups you know I get a different way of training and figured out television training yeah and so and so you know now we're actually bringing this to our patients Pilates or strength training it's you know I would take a broader step back and say you know who do you know Bruce Lee is remember Bruce Lee yeah so sorry guy yeah yeah so one of the things about Bruce Lee that I just always idolized was this system that he created called jeet kune do-- so jeet kune do-- is the way of no way or the way of the intercepting fist was this martial art that he created where he took you know something to the tune of 30 different martial arts and he in his own words extracted what was useful from each of them and discarded what was useless so to create sort of this unbiased view of what he was trying to optimize for which was self-defense and so this approach that we're taking is the same one which is you take little pieces of yoga pilates lots of pieces out of something called dynamic neuromuscular stabilization all sorts of different training programs and we're we're sort of building a protocol around how does one regain stability in the core in the hips in the scapula in the neck all of these areas and so through that then you learn how to transmit force correctly and now you do the strength training you do these other types of training they're necessary so obviously the four pillars of preparing for the centenarian Olympics is the stability piece the strength piece the aerobic piece which is the mitochondrial efficiency piece and then the anaerobic piece so the lots of things that are missing from that right you know this threshold training is not a part of it is actually thing like going super fast into training interval yes but so so basically where I think most people are training incorrectly for longevity is you know you have like super high intensity interval training like a tabata something like that and then you have this sort of what we call zone two aerobic base training a lot of people are spending too much time right in the middle and they're so they're not getting enough of the benefits here or here and you know I think that I think there's a lot of emerging data James O'Keefe I'm sure you know Jim's work cardiologist you know looking at sort of athletes heart stuff you know higher you know we're seeing athletes that are seven to ten times more likely to get atrial fibrillation yeah and and again I think that's largely the result of spending too much time at that sort of sub threshold area which is again that's important if you're trying to win a race I'm not saying that that type of training shouldn't be done nasan but you have to be clear on your objective and if your objective is to win a race then you have to train at that zone yeah but if your objective is to do all these things that I have on my list of 18 more functional life is physical fitness right physical fitness is incredibly efficient mitochondria incredibly fit aerobic base with the capacity to take very you know hard short-term bursts amazing okay so back to the other aspects of the century Linux is not just the physical part it's all the right so the physical piece is one part of it then so that so we talk about sort of physical or exoskeleton demise and then there's a cognitive piece and then there's an emotional piece and so I think the the the three parts of health span then our physical cognitive and emotional it isn't the physical also depend on nutrition oh yes yes yes remember these aren't the these are the objectives so I'm talking about the outcomes right yeah so so you have you we you know I sort of think of the five tactics that we have right the nutritional piece the exercise piece the sleep piece that distress management piece the drugs and supplements those are your tools to affect change but ultimately what we're trying to do is enhance longevity that means delaying death by delaying the onset of chronic disease and then enhancing health span by enhancing that excess gelatin cognition emotional health so one is one is not getting the bats out that's gonna kill you and the other stuff is how do you supercharge your system to function optimally yeah because it's kind of related but they are but but they do require very each of those four axes require very deliberate attention the the not dying part requires attention and you know basically you're gonna die if you're a nonsmoker in the developed world you're very likely to die from atherosclerosis cancer or an accident those are and again you can dive into what those accidents look like this is where you see an intersection with physical the physical centenarian the Olympics piece right is you know what's the leading cause of death overall its accidental death but when you start when you leave that to people who are in their ninth decade or eighth decade it becomes accidental Falls mmm-hmm so a fall becomes a more likely cause of demise when you get older and you know as you sort of alluded to earlier it's not always that you just fall and die it's usually that you fall and you break your hip and the broken hip results in immobility that very quickly begins to spiral your quality of life yeah and you end up in the nursing you know and all these other things so yeah so it's fighting all of these these sort of fighting all these fronts which is why I think one should be paying attention to every possible tool they have to make this change so in terms of the the food part of healthy aging and getting to 100 you talked about a lot of different techniques whether it's intermittent fasting calorie restriction fasting itself ketogenic diets all of which seem to do really amazing things which are all similar whether it's boosting your own stem cells helping your mitochondria work better and clean them up increase your antioxidant levels reduce inflammation boost your hormones that need to be boosted reduce the ones that need to be reduced it's pretty amazing when you start to look at these mechanisms how do you parse what's the right approach for the long term and you you earlier mentioned that you fast so you you do a ramp up to fast with keto and then you fast over a while week and then and then come off it with a keto diet for a week so it's like afk we call it kfk sandwich so we can ID yeah AFC so yeah week Akito a week of fasting a week of keto i do that quarterly and so you know again I think with nutrition I like to take a big step back and say what are we talking about here so I sort of start at one side and I say like there's this thing called the standard American diet and I think we can all agree no matter what your dietary bent is we can all agree the standard American diet is not a good diet I don't I don't think we need much more evidence of the knife utility of that so then the question becomes how would you escape the gravitational pull of this thing and in in my practice I think there are two ways there are two techniques to get people out of that pull one of them is dietary restriction and dietary restriction is anytime you restrict some element of the diet so it's it's taking away yes taking away some part of the what so you're not really restricting the when and you're not restricting the how much but you're restricting the what so this has the largest number of things in its bucket right so this is a low-carb diet a low-fat diet a Mediterranean diet a paleo diet a vegetarian vegan dipole there's you I you know you need scientific no kata notation to count the number of things that fit in that bucket and they all get termed diet which I sort of sort of don't find typically appealing the second major way to get people to escape the gravitational pull of the standard American diet is timer circuit feeding where you don't restrict explicitly what they eat or how much they eat you just restrict when they eat and you begin to compress that window of feeding and those two things are not necessarily done in isolation you can then start to combine those things and say well if because we're gonna see any form of dietary restriction almost without exception is an improvement over the standard American diet which is why I sort of get a kick about these warring feuds that exist in these cams thanks my paleo diets better than your vegan diet in both one way the answer is like workers are both infinitely better than what you were doing before and by the way they can both be infinitely idiotic right so you know a paleo brownie and the vegan cookie are equally bad core so so but you can take the best of both worlds you can take sort of the best of dietary restriction and combine it with time restricted feeding and then you get an even more potent tool and then you move from there and to intermittent fasting where you take these periods you know in my opinion sort of three days is the minimum effective dose five days is probably the sweet spot seven days is you know also with benefit and totally doable and you either fast in a complete way which is my preference personally there just water only for those periods of time or in a hypo caloric way that prolong fat that's right so Pro lawn is one example of that it's a it's something called a fast mimicking diet I think is their trademark name for a hypo caloric 5-day fast yeah and obviously there's an infinite number of permutations and combinations to how you would go about doing intermittent fasting and and again we we usually by the time a patient's been with us for about a year we are really pushing them into that world where they're they're gonna be spending some time doing that not all year long but for periods of time well by definition not all year long of course yeah it's intermittent and by the nature of its name so fasting you can do every day well no I refer to that as time restricted feeding and that's why I really yeah I'd like to be strict about the determined terminology so that so time restricted feeding isn't really a fast it's just not eating for certain periods of time fat we reserve the term intermittent fasting for fasts of three days or longer mmm or if not outright fasts hugely reduced caloric intake do you think people should do time restricted eating every day I don't know you know this is tough mark because I think one of the challenges remember how I said if I could be czar for a day I would change dinner time yeah like I haven't eaten yet today Oh what time is it it's like almost seven o'clock I know we got to go and so this will be my only meal today but the problem is so I'm gonna eat a little more than I normally would because it's you know it's the only thing I've eaten today and I know that that's actually not great for my circadian rhythm it's actually I'm gonna pay a little bit of a price when I sleep tonight cuz let's say I eat dinner at 7:00 tonight and I'm gonna eat more than I normally would and let's say I go to bed at 10:00 I just know that my body works best if I've got a much bigger gap between when I eat especially a large meal when I sleep so no I don't think everybody should do this every day and in fact I like to mix it up quite a little bit and I actually I really love to mix it up and reverse it and sort of do all of my eating early in the day especially when I'm in New York because I don't have my kids here yeah and my family's out here so I don't have this pressure to like you know having dinner with your family is it really important I was in America you know most of breakfast is dessert well yeah but I mean we can work through that right I mean I'm confident that a committed individual can have a good breakfast but the bigger issue is the social one right like so much of our lives revolve around dinners and and that so but I think time restricted feeding very likely has benefits I think it's a bit soon to tout the magnitude of them because so much of that research has been done in mice or other animals and especially in mice and as you know the metabolism of a mouse is so different from ours so the benefits that you see by giving a mouse a 16 hour fast are unbelievable mmm but that's not the same as you or I going 16 hours without food that's probably closer to you or I going 2 to 3 days without food yeah so for you what does your day look like how do you construct all the things you've learned about these five pillars of health and longevity how do they integrate into your daily life your busy guy you have practices on two coasts you have a family or something around you're doing podcasts how does it work for you you know I was just talking about this with my assistant this morning because I was sorry or maybe was yesterday and I sort of said you know I haven't meditated in a few days and I really feel the difference like I'm really really snippy and grouchy and just generally kind of a jerk and she's like you know she's like look Peter you just need to be more disciplined about this you're so disciplined about like you never miss a workout you're really disciplined about you know all these things you do you're very disciplined about your archery you know you're up there practicing twice a day every day when you're home and blow wah and she's like you know we need to get back to a routine that we've done in the past which is we used to put your meditations on the calendar and it was you treated it like you treated an appointment and I was like you know you're right I've been you know I've been a little bit out of my routine which is so for me the right day is I wake up and I meditate before I do a single other thing before I make a coffee before certainly before I look at email or anything like that and you know over the past few days I think I I was just you know something came up and so there's a little bit of an issue going on in my life and it sort of pulled me out of my routine a bit but but in many ways I think the bottom line is you it's these are all things that whether it's exercise nutrition meditation sleep you have to prioritize them yeah you know you people don't want to do these things and they you know one of the exercises I do with patients is I sit down and we look at 168 hours in a week and look at where they're as allocating time and I say look you know I could say you run a hedge fund or something I say your whole job is capital allocation you're a gnat you're an asset allocator you take money and your job is to decide where to put it into which companies to generate the right profile of return liquidity volatility etc so you are an asset allocator well I said well everybody's an asset allocator when it comes to an even more precious commodity than money which is time and this is one where we're all the same we all get 168 hours in a week and you got to figure out how you're gonna spend them and you know I'm really committed to saying eight hours of those every single night are gonna be for sleep and that means I really want to get my seven and a half hours a night total at least of eight hours in bed and that's a that's a sacrifice because there's a lot of times when I'd like to stay up and watch a movie or screw around on Twitter or whatever like a hundred things that you could do but I'm really committed to allocating that time and then you sort of go through this and say well you know for example using food how much time do people really allocate to thinking about food choices because you have to be kind of deliberate about yeah you know it requires for me at least surrounding myself with good food choices because I actually really struggle with food like if left to my own devices mark I could eat I could just eat non-stop junk food all day every day and so the reason I don't is not because I have some great discipline it's because I surround myself with good food choices it's like the worst thing I can possibly eat in a moment of weakness is like a piece of dark chocolate right you know you don't have a house like I don't have Ben and Jerry's chunky monkey in my freezer because if it was and I had a long day and I was tired I would eat me too and then I think it's okay I think people need to start accepting the fact it's okay to say that that like we are humans and and we're not perfect and and to me this is why I love sort of behavioral economics and the work of Richard Thaler and others is you you change the default environment yeah and that's what you want to put your bandwidth that's where you want to put your energy as paint requirement change your environment so that you don't have to constantly rely on willpower to do you know to eat a certain way or to do a certain things so so basically my whole life is basically one big hack that tries to make eating sleeping meditating doing all the things that matter to me as frictionless as possible so that when there is friction I make the easy choice make an easy choice the easier choice yeah yeah I think that's really important piece of advice because I think it really takes in tension we spend so much in tension on so many things that matter far less and designing and figure out what we want but not about these things and when you do it's not that you're really training for this centenary Olympics sure you're training for the quality of every single moment in your life which dramatically enhances when you do these things it's not about oh I'm gonna do these things so I can get to a hundred and be able to get up off the floor yeah the process itself is beautiful right I mean I feel better - yeah exactly man that's a fair point which is this isn't just about suffering until you get to be a hundred so you can do all these feats when you're hundred I feel better I feel infinitely better today than I did two years ago physically because of the journey because of the training oh yeah it's so fantastic Peter you are a wealth of knowledge and I I know how much you think about these things I know how deeply you think about these things I think it's evident from the conversation and I'd encourage everybody who's listening to this podcast or watching it to go to Peter's website Peter attea MD comm and sign up for his podcasts because the drive is one of the richest deepest sources of medical health information you're going to find out there that's more rigorous more smart and less promotional than anything out there including me so I I really I really mean that I I really have tremendous respect for Peter and his his critical thinking and an understanding at the end of the day that if we all want to have a quality of life and we want to actually live well and have a health span that equals our life span that we have plenty of science we're gonna get more but we have plenty of science and we can apply it and that's the gap right now is the application of what we know to what we do and Peter helps us do that so thank you Peter for being on the podcast mark thanks so much honored to be here and I couldn't agree more with what you just said by the way I think that is people always say gee which drug do you think we need to be putting all of our efforts into in terms of development and stuff and I say I have thoughts on that but that's missing the boat it's it's really taking the stuff that we know now with respect to nutrition sleep etcetera exercise and and actually figuring out the right way to apply them and helping people do it well thank you Peter and you've been listening to the doctors pharmacy this is dr. Mark Hyman if you love this podcast please share your friends and family on social media leave a comment we'd love to hear from you and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts and we'll see you next time on the doctors pharmacy [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericksampson [4 likes]: Mark, I love you, but please LET YOUR GUEST TALK!!!!!
  2. @RobinMooreBand [3 likes]: One of the smartest out there. Peter Attia podcast is a must.
  3. @carlloeber [2 likes]: This guy is genius.. I love hearing him and I want to understand everything
  4. @am-xk3xs [2 likes]: Attia wants to constantly downplay what Mark is at times contradicting.  A bit uncomfortable...comes off as all knowing at times.
  5. @Test-eb9bj [1 likes]: I am always amazed how „agnostic“ Peter is when it comes to nutrition. He can let stand different nutrition strategies to tackle metabolic issues if science supports it and adds in his own clinical experience to make it work for the individual.
  6. @mntestav [1 likes]: I am on board with everything to 46 minutes. I don't think that the claim that elevated LDL causes Heart disease has met it's burden of proof, sans some qualifiers. 

There is no doubt that their is some observational evidence, which makes it interesting to study, and is even enough that I would say, in some phenotypes high LDL portends bad things. Given that, its a bit to much to say folks who don't worry about high LDL in people who by other, more powerful markers are exquisitely healthy, don't have proof to support their belief. They do not have the burden of proof. Peter does
  7. @stephenmichael5599 [1 likes]: Facile: arrived at without due care or effort; lacking depth; "too facile a solution for so complex a problem"
  8. @mygypsyadventure3610: Maybe consider deleting this video since we don’t want advice by a man who raped kids!
  9. @williamhenry3337: Come on Mark. You're old enough to remember the song "Twenty-six miles across the sea
Santa Catalina is a-waitin' for me,
Santa Catalina, the island of romance,"
  10. @carlloeber: This guy is really smart.. I want to just listen to him.. it's good for you to be talking to him but please let him talk more and finish his thought
  11. @MrFn65: Great podcast, love both of your guys podcasts abd with to help all of us understand health in a way we lay people can understand and help us all live better healthier lives!
  12. @samasl8967: Dr. Hyman is annoying!
  13. @JaneEyre-q1z: I'm learning so many new vocabs listening to Peter...lol.
  14. @debwest7816: Really great guest !!  I thoroughly enjoyed this segment.
  15. @teresacrooks7022: Fantastic, thank you!
  16. @duststorm7287: Mark Hyman
Or as I call him...
Maximus Interruptus
  17. @louisebrown7526: Amazing information. Thank you!
  18. @synergy2222: HERE'S WHAT I APPRECIATE: Dr. Hyman - you stop your guest to RE-FRAME into layman's terms what your guest is talking about.  When they are in the medical or other highly specified field they will use their professional vernacular without consideration that they are likely interviewing in front of a group of nutritional lay persons.  Therefore we may have no idea what they are referring to when they use medical type jargon.  THANK YOU FOR PUTTING THEM ON PAUSE TO EXPLAIN IN LAYMAN'S TERMS WHAT THEY ARE SAYING!!!!!!!!!
  19. @carlosbecerra4189: Thank you!!
  20. @heal-thee9109: Seems Attia has reverted to traditional pharmaceutical medicine. Hyman need to screen his guests a little more thoroughly so they are at least on one accord. Attia is trying to refute most everything Hyman says, but he doesn't even trust his own research.

- #02 – Rhonda Patrick, Ph.D.: paradox of IGF-1, ketogenic diets and genetics, benefits of sauna, NAD+: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey everyone welcome to the Peter Atia drive I'm your host Peter Atia the drive is a result of my hunger for optimizing performance health longevity critical thinking along with a few other obsessions I've gathered along the way I've spent the last several years working with some of those successful top performing individuals in the world and this podcast is my attempt to synthesize what I've learned along the way to help you with a higher quality more fulfilling life if you enjoy this podcast you can find more information on today's episode and other topics at Peter Dia MD com welcome to the Peter attea drive in this episode which I know is long anticipated I spoke with dr. Rhonda Patrick from found my fitness I suspect many of you listening to this know everything about Rhonda and have been fans of her for a really long period of time on the off chance there's anybody listening who doesn't know who Rhonda is I suspect by the end of this discussion you will also become a huge fan of hers and her podcast which is exceptional so I've known Rhonda for quite a while and just by the fact that we both consider San Diego home then we've just been busy enough that we just haven't had a chance to sit down together in quite a while so this discussion was kind of long overdue and it was sort of funny because as soon as Rhonda walked in we just jumped right into a really interesting discussion and then 10 minutes in I thought you know we should probably start recording because this is interesting stuff and so we did and similarly when the discussion finally ended we sat around from other 20 minutes talking about a bunch of stuff that I found myself thinking god I wish we were still recording this cuz it's super interesting so that's just basically to say I suspect Rhonda and I will speak again it at some point soon so don't worry if all of your questions weren't answered here the other thing about this podcast that was a ton of fun was that in the days leading up to it she and I had emailed each other a few times back and forth some ideas of things we would talk about and in the end neither of us really had any note sitting in front of us we just sort of sat there and shot from the hip and didn't follow a script or anything like that and didn't even get to half the things that in our emails we had suggested we would talk about that said all the stuff that we talked about is that I think Rhonda brings a great deal of expertise to so I don't recall the order but I know that we certainly touched on IGF and the growth hormone what I consider a little bit of a paradox which is on the one hand we have some evidence to suggest that elevated levels of IGF and that fasting may act in part by reducing those levels but at the other end of the discussion you you have some confounding and conflicting data around that we also got into a great discussion about the p par enzyme so P power alpha P power gamma one of the things that Rana does incredibly well on her podcast and I would encourage those of you who find this episode interesting who aren't familiar with her work to go back and actually watch some of her stuff Rhonda doesn't put out a lot of podcasts but the reason for that is the amount of work she puts into them is enormous so when she puts up a podcast on video there's explanations definitions and stuff scrolling across the screen so it's it's a unlike me who's incredibly lazy and can't even stand to listen to a podcast after I record it Rhonda is methodical in her ability to make that easier for the viewer so you'll learn a lot about this stuff you think we're going to quickly over it by probably going back to Rhonda's site we talked a lot about the possible genetic explanations for why some people do and don't respond particularly well to ketogenic diets and of course you can think of that in two ways there's respond as far as the ability to make ketones but then there's also sort of these patients that I described seeing where you put them on a ketogenic diet and everything seems to go wrong so at least biochemically wrong so now that's a very interesting discussion in many ways I think my favorite part of this discussion was the way it started which was the first question I asked Rhonda which was kind of a random question I think led to some interesting back-and-forth between us which was effectively what do you believe today that you didn't believe before and vice versa and I always find that to be one of the most interesting ways to dive into a discussion with someone who's buried knee-deep into science because if you're really thinking about science you have to understand of course that virtually all facts have a half-life and our knowledge is constantly evolving in many ways that's what makes the field so difficult to stay on top of but at the same time so interesting and so to me one of the marks of a very thoughtful person is someone whose beliefs are flexible and who's willing to acknowledge that something that they believed was once true or not true can be flipped and so I think you know Rhonda and I share that and I think it was actually really fun to see where her beliefs have changed over time so with that said I think the show notes for this particular episode are going to be very helpful and you can find those at Peter attea MD com forward slash podcast and I hope you enjoy this discussion at least half as much as I did I suspect it won't be the last so without further delay here's my conversation with dr. Rhonda Patrick Rhonda so great to have you here happy to be here it's great to see you again I can't believe we live in the same city and only see each other once a year if you're in well thank you for taking the trip up here today to my office my pleasure and I'll join the long list of people congratulating you on your 10 month old son thank you thank you I almost don't know where to begin because there are so many things that you know we share in common as far as interests but I want to start with a really broad question which is you spend so much time thinking about many of the same problems I spend time thinking about what do you believe today that you did not believe four or five years ago probably the biggest thing that has changed and what I now believe but I didn't four or five years ago even more is that one of the major modalities were you know how increasing healthspan which is you know the healthy part of of your life delaying the onset of age-related diseases the major modality for doing that that would be the best way to do it would be calorie restriction or dietary restriction so eating you know thirty percent less food than you normally would eat I used to really think that was the way to go for for doing that and I think that my beliefs have changed for that in that being the major modality for a few reasons one reason is because I think that actually so one of the things that that occurs during caloric restriction is a major drop in the growth hormone igf-1 and that's you know that's thought to regulate a lot of the you know improved healthspan effects at least in in some organisms like mice and and rhesus monkeys but I do I do believe now based off a variety of research from people like Valter Longo that periods of growth actually specifically periods of igf-1 are really important so you're not you know if you're constantly doing this calorie restriction then then you're you're not really gonna have that period of growth because you're chronically doing that and really interesting I don't know if you saw the recent nature study that came out it was in April this year on lemurs the so the the study essentially showed and these are you know I guess they're not human primate mole animal model but their lifespan is in a median lifespan is around my six years or something like that and I think their maximum is 11 or 12 years I don't remember but the caloric restriction did increase the median lifespan it also increased maximum so they like lived a year longer than typically and there's you know a lot of delayed onset of various degenerative diseases but there was a massive atrophy and gray brain matter in in regions of the brain that didn't occur in control animals which is just another sort of example of how you know sometimes some of these modalities that we we think are really good for increasing health span sometimes have other effects and I think that getting into the igf-1 I think will probably you and I will talk about that because we both have a shared interest in that but but the periods of growth and being necessary for health I think I think that's kind of kind of turning point in my mind and so now I actually think that perhaps even doing periodic you know prolonged fasts or a better way of doing that because you can you can get that igf-1 boost and you can get the the lower igf-1 among other things that occur but um I think we can dive into that if you want but I think that one could be done yeah I think that's probably one of the major things the other would be actually another interests that we share would be I think it was a lot more skeptical of of ketogenic diets about four years ago in terms of being great for long-term health and health span and I think that some of my my thoughts on that have changed a bit based off of more recent long-term studies in animals specifically in mice from work from dr. Eric Verdun and also from out of UC Davis showing that ketogenic diets in in rodents can inhale span increase meeting life span certainly improve cognitive function now the caveat there is that typically with a ketogenic diet in in rodents it's actually can be most the time is obesogenic and the way that these guys worked around that was they found that had they had to limit the calorie and what was interesting was that or or cycle them right well so dr. Eric Verdun the way they did that was by cycling it but UC Davis what they did was actually put a calorie cap and turns out after talking with dr. Sachin panda that they ended up being on a time restricted feeding schedule and so the ketogenic diet was you know they were basically eating all their food within a certain like you know eight or eight or so or nine hour window and then they were fasting for so you know it's kind of one of those things where you know in humans we don't we don't really know you know I don't know exactly know how people I've never actually done a ketogenic diet myself so I don't know exactly what people are doing if they're eating you know all the time or what so so I'm also intrigued by that and and in many ways almost have the mirror of your experience which was you know four or five six years ago seven years ago I guess is when I really really got into ketogenic diets was on a ketogenic diet for three years save one day and I wouldn't say I have any less faith in them today I just impersonally less interested and find it much harder to do so just as far as compliance with the ketogenic diet you know I think my life is just more complicated today in terms of travel and things like that and kids and stuff but the thing that surprised me with the recent because those two publications came out and sell right the ones yeah I was actually kind of surprised by a couple of things so one was what you said which was Eric noting that hey when we constitutively gave these guys this food they just they got obese that's really counterintuitive when you think about how ketogenic diets increase circulating metabolic fuels and that should down regulate appetite and I think in humans you know there's a huge debate about why do people lose weight on ketogenic diets are they losing weight because they're eating less were they losing weight because they're ramping up fat oxidation disproportionate to where they were before which drives up energy expenditure of course I suspect the answer is both in other words if you do the latter the former should happen so when people say why do you eat less on a ketogenic diet the question is really or the thinking would be are you eating less because you are basically eating yourself more because you're obviously oxidizing all of those fatty acids to make BHB or is it some other reason that you know has to do with the neuro chemistry of these things that go beyond sort of the metabolic central pardon me peripheral effects of it so that's the first thing that surprised me of that study which was why were those mice overeating was there something else in them because they couldn't have had that much secret they usually put sucrose in Mouse chow but there couldn't have been that much sucrose or they wouldn't have been able to get into ketosis and I think even previous studies like earlier in the literature showed something similar worried it was obesogenic now there was certain genetic backgrounds it also seemed to kind of little you know regulate that to some degree but what I was actually thinking so you brought up some really interesting points is that thinking of it in the context of like let's say they're they're eating they're constantly eating the fat or they're not they're not having a period of rest I know that for example when you're making malonyl-coa which is something that you do when you're oxidizing fat malonyl-coa inhibits the connoting pontil transfer is the basically the transporter to transport fatty acids in the mitochondria so if you constantly are making methanol koay because you're constantly eating the fat then you're going to start to have this inhibition you're going to start to then store that other the fatty acids in adipose tissue rather than caramelizing them right so it seems to me that we don't see that by the way with the exogenous ketones do we this is something I'm still trying to get and alone I I agree I'm certain I am I am extremely interested in exhaustion as Ketones approach like them okay you yeah yeah it's gonna bring you someone so I I really enjoy effects they have on on my brain so I've used them for like endurance exercise and I also like it for that as well I do notice that I have a little bit of a run longer than I usually stop at this point on the beach and like I can keep going another you know but what I really like is is for me it really helps with focus and lower anxiety levels so like I seem to be able to I'm always on to the next you know what's and and so this kind of helps me like stay in the now at least I and that could be completely Percy but I don't know but anyway so that's one thing that I like about that but to get back to your point I had wondered the same thing because what's the effect of exogenous ketones on normal fatty acid metabolism and the reason I'd wonder that is because there was a paper that recently came out where I think it was the one that was done in humans where humans they were given the beta hydroxy butyrate ester for endurance and it enhanced endurance performance but they found inhibited yes and also it inhibited fatty acid something to do with the flip fatty acid transport out of the adipose something to do with where I was like going with some what some of that had to do with lipid metabolism which suggested possibly there could be in innovation now you know it's funny I'm gonna see I'm in New York next week and Dom is gonna be in New York Dom D'Agostino who obviously you know well and we're grabbing dinner one night and I we're gonna talk about this paper because I remember when it came out Dom sent me an email we'll know for sure if you want or ever you said it yes and that's for sure because there was something about that study that was a little bit off I need to kind of go back and and and look at it but it does beg another question so I want to go back because we're there's gonna be this I know there's gonna be a theme today which is multiple threads that are easy for us to go off and I are great at going on - yeah yeah let's go back to the mice let's go back to the two studies do you recall if in the Verdun study when they before they started cycling the ketogenic diet when they were just giving it to them all the time did they have a window in which they could eat ad libitum that they over a tin or were they given 24-hour access to food 24-hour so what they never tried then was let's give you food for 10 hours and let you eat ad libitum because that would be interesting if they would overeat in that setting maybe not that interesting the other experiment that I don't think has been done is remember when they did the they took a variant which was high fat but high ish carb and so it wasn't there was enough carbon the diet that it wasn't producing ketosis but it was still a high fat diet I'd like to see that experiment repeated but with an X on Janice ketone because then you could start to identify the effect of the carbohydrate specifically and tease out the effect of the fat and the BHB right I think I remember one of the big differences between the the high fat low carb and the actual ketogenic diet was the the induction of PBR alpha yes which makes sense because that's involved in you know ketogenesis itself but to what degree that regulates you know any of the other important properties that were found including the the really the profound effects on the brain and you know so I I like to personally get my ketogenesis from from my periods of fasting more so than carbohydrate restriction well i do i do refined carbohydrate restriction but i also I think there's a lot of benefits and this is part of the reason why for so long I was skeptical of the ketogenic diet is because I think there's a lot of benefits in eating a variety of plants I think that there's a lot of various micronutrients that are much higher density in plants fully magnesium vitamin k1 but also there's a lot of fermentable fibers and and things that are really also really good for the gut microbiome which i think is very important for regulating immune function so that's kind of been my my hang-up but I think you know like people like Dom seem to be doing a modified ketogenic diet where they're you know definitely getting the greens trying to get the leafy greens so I mean I think that you know one way to kind of get around that plus I think there's also a way to do a ketogenic diet where you're eating a lot of salmon avocado nuts you know olive oil and it's not just like butter and keto bombs and all this like pork rinds and stuff where I'm just like where's the nutrient density and some of that you know so yeah it's funny I mean I guess it depends on how many calories you need but at the time that during that window when I was on a ketogenic diet I was also still very active certainly much more so than now and I really required a lot of calories I mean I couldn't maintain my weight below 4,500 calories a day and I still stucked a pretty strict absolutes on the protein and carbohydrates I really kept my carbs and I didn't look at net carbs I hope by the way for those listening and wondering what that noise is this is something Rhonda and I are very used to those are f-18s which how many overhead drive-bys are we gonna get today you've had to predict anymore yeah I would say probably between three or four okay yeah that's the sound of freedom people so just get used to me so I was getting probably 50 grams of carbohydrates total carb everything I should say probably about 80 grams of total carb but you'll see that what type of carbs it was really had to limit protein to about a hundred to 110 grams if I went over that I would get kicked out and so fat made up about 90% of my total calories and so there's only so many ways you can get that much fat and the most efficient way is actually salad with olive oil I mean I couldn't believe the amount of vegetables I had to consume to stay in ketosis you know obviously had to have two huge salads a day where I would make my own dressing which was a heavy olive oil-based dressing and I could probably only have one avocado a day which I would always have because I than anything overnight I was getting too much carbohydrate so it's like a lot of macadamia nuts a lot of olive oil olive oil-based everything and then the hardest part for me was clearly being stingy with the protein what was in there what was in the salads like okay so I go you know I'm a pretty boring guy so it's romaine tomatoes cucumbers celery had to kind of like limit the carrots a little bit I normally love carrots great tomatoes and everything on the kitchen yeah yeah again part of it is I can get away with more cuz I probably exercise more and I was doing this four people were sort of putting butter in their coffee and stuff like that so that was not I can send a lot of dairy though so it's the other thing tons of cheese tons of sour cream because he just needed those calories and I actually developed like a spreadsheet that was customized for my caloric needs but I had this formula of looking at every ingredient like could you find the food that you could eat without restriction that wouldn't destroy your ratios and so for me at my caloric levels like cream cheese and sour cream were sort of the perfect thing whereas even high-fat Greek yogurt had too much protein so I had to consume that in moderation that's the other interesting thing and I think I talked to Eric about this was you know how much of the effects you know on on health span or due to low protein intake and how much were due to you know the actual being in ketosis yeah I've talked about this with vaulter a few times we don't see eye to eye on this because for several reasons one I'm not entirely convinced of the igf paradigm anymore so that's one thing where you know the question I asked you that would be my answer so five years ago I would have said IGF is the devil growth hormone is the devil you want them to be as low as possible I'm not convinced of that today and I can't wait to explore that with you but the other thing is if you really want to produce the lowest level of insulin and igf-1 a ketogenic diet that is incredibly low in protein incredibly low in carbohydrate when I go back and look at my blood levels because I I check my blood about every six to eight weeks and I've been doing this for you know 10 years I mean my lowest IGF levels were during the three years I was in ketosis I mean they were very low they were I mean not ridiculously low but 25th percentile for age verses say 75th percentile today so that makes sense to me because if you think about you know some of the major dietary regulators of the igf-1 pathway are protein essential amino amino acids specifically and also insulin insulin through IGF bp3 or IP b12 so I mean I think that so for example you know if if someone's eating a low protein and low you're getting you may not be a vegan but even if you had you're limiting your protein you know even to some degree or you're certainly getting more than someone may be me that's not doing that really although I do kind of limit my protein but it's a misconception you see I think a lot of people assume ketogenic diets or high-protein diets I think some people do consider that yeah but if you're there may be certain people out there who can produce ketones with high protein but in my experience personally and more important clinically meaning I don't know over the course of my practice and my career in medicine I mean I've probably at least encountered 50 or 60 patients at a very detailed level on ketogenic diets almost without exception protein is the bigger thing that fouls people up and and so that's the thing I've always found a bit confusing in some of those discussions is and even Eric mentioned this on your podcast which is well you got to be careful if you're on a ketogenic I you don't have too much protein and I was like those don't go hand-in-hand you're not on a ketogenic diet if you're eating a lot of protein because you won't make the ketones that said I wouldn't be surprised if there are polymorphisms that allow people more or less and you've obviously talked a lot about the P part or alpha is it people are alpha our people are gamma where you see the differences in a person's ability to generate ketones the people are alpha is is predominantly found in the liver and it's involved in in fatty acid catabolism the production of ketone bodies so so that would be the major one now there's nothing empirically I've seen in literature that to look specifically at P P R alpha and a ketogenic diet or fasting but you know there's most of the literature out there looking at the effects of P P R alpha with people that are either head or homozygous are or have to do with the context of like high saturated fat low polyunsaturated fat guy because polyunsaturated fat activates the PPR you know family of transcription factors which are nuclear hormone receptor transcription factors but the PP r gamma is predominately found in like adipose tissue I mean they're found in other tissues but I see predominantly that's like the most they're highly expressed in that adipose tissue and it plays a role in basically taking up fatty acids into adipose tissue where is the alpha which is liver take plays a role in the transport catabolism so one would just sort of imagine I mean it would be nice to see that you know someone look at that you know people with these specific snips and how this Prometheus identify various snips of P power alpha yes but they don't really tell you anything they sort of pull abstracts from PubMed and just kind of like dump it there so you kind of can start with the research there I've been developing a genetic tool and I just were actually developing it a lot more of a former NIH geneticist who's a really phenomenal who's been working with me on to help me sort of develop those basically look at look at you know the literature and see what some of these snips are are doing and then in canino in conjunction with looking at biomarkers various blood biomarkers to kind of help people guide you know what sort of they should do what's a bypass around at a potential bypass for example so with the PPR alpha or gamma I think that the take home at least from the literature is essentially you want to have a higher ratio of poly and monounsaturated effective to saturated fat ratio in order to lower your type-2 diabetes risk you're saying for any for people with the wild-type or with people with certain snips with in PBR alpha yeah because and gamma as well because to some degree some some of the ones in people are gamma affect the uptake of fatty acids and adipose tissue and so in also muscle and so it kind of can affect you know you have a lot more free fatty acids around and that can you know have have an effect on insulin sensitivity and other things as well so we should talk about this offline because I have a subset of patients for which we have such rich data and if I'm positive all of them would be interested in knowing this and you know we've certainly get their permission but it would be interesting and taking their you know just their straight-up 23andme data okay so here's the pattern I've seen and I'm very curious as to what the overlap is so there's a clearly a subset of people I think my n is too small to quantify it but directionally it seems like I don't know ten or twenty percent of people when you put them on ketogenic diets in the standard way which usually ends up meaning you're getting at least forty percent of your calories from saturated fat typically 40 to 45 percent from mono and the remainder from Holley everything goes to hell in a handbasket and the obvious things that go to hell in a handbasket have been certainly written about on the blogosphere and Twittersphere which is usually their LDL particle numbers skyrockets despite the fact that their triglycerides go down so they seem to be getting more insulin sensitive but yet inflammation is going up and you see that both specifically cardiac specifically so things like oxidized LDL and LP PLA - but even non specifically C reactive protein fiber engine but the deeper level is the Y and what you see is they're making much more cholesterol markers of cholesterol biosynthesis like des Marshall all go way up and some of their phytosterols go up which is very counterintuitive phytosterols would generally go down on a ketogenic diet but they're going way up suggesting that they're absorbing much more cholesterol like biliary cholesterol so the first time I noticed this was 2012 and I think they wrote about this once on a blog but I don't remember maybe I'm thinking of another example and it was this relatively young patient who really loved being on a ketogenic diet but when we get his blood tests back I mean his LDL particle number was above 3500 animal per liter and I know there are a lot of guys out there who seemed to think that as long as you're on a ketogenic diet it doesn't men of this stuff matters I completely don't subscribe to that and my view is that's irresponsible so I said to them I said look I don't think the ketogenic diet is right for you and he said no no it's the best thing I've ever done like I feel better I look better I'm performing better we got to figure out a way to do this and I the only thing I could think of when I talked with Tom Dayspring about this and he said let's try an experiment and rip all the saturated fat out of his diet he was sort of like me he was eating a lot he meaning his a high caloric consumer so that gets really hard so we created a diet form that was only about 20 to 25 grams a day of saturated fat and he ended up getting about 65% of his fat calories from mono and saturated fat which was pretty gross I mean you're drinking olive oil at that point but he was interested in doing the experiment and sure enough after I don't know maybe 8 to 12 weeks same macronutrient distribution in terms of fat protein carbohydrate the only shift was the type of fat so we just substituted mono for saturated his LDL P was thirteen hundred animal per liter all of the inflammation was gone and all of the sterile biomarkers went back to normal I've since seen about six times and now I'm wondering if we took those patients and ran them through what you're doing yeah yeah the ones that have those snip and there's a variety of them that do that so there's the P P R alpha P by gamma there's a couple of FTO related snips also that the road should have saturated and basically in the literature these studies have all looked at the ratio of saturated to mono and polyunsaturated fat and for whatever reason people with those snips when they have a higher saturated fat poly your mono and or mono they have higher inflammation higher oxidized LDL higher a small dense LDL higher you just you know all these just tell you have a sense of the frequency based on the research you've done on this how prevalent that is kind of I would say you know I'd have to look back at the data probably less than 20% so it might be in the ballpark of what I'm seeing for this different phenotype might be yeah it might be so that would be really interesting to run him through through my tool and and like I said we're even expanding that a little bit I found I found a few more our patients sending you any of their data or are they doing it on their own and just they're doing it on their own some people have shared their data with me because they've emailed me and something interesting and I'm like oh wow that's super interesting do you mind sharing that with me and they have so if anybody is listening to this and they're saying hey you know I had an advanced lipid test before and after I went on a ketogenic diet and I looked like this situation you described can they reach out to you through your blog and send this data to you if they can actually just use the genetic tool and then sort of you know share with the other day they want to share with me the data you know I can't promise anything but but they can certainly get the Y themselves by just using genetic tool right now which which I have I have free reports for for for example the PPR genes but then I have a whole comprehensive report that's a $10 recommended so if someone doesn't want to pay $10 to do comprehensive they can just get the free report and get the Y potential Y them alright so I hope that anyone listening to this because I again if I'm seeing this at 10 to 20 percent of the time and you're seeing it and it'd be great to get a few hundred people who are that phenotype and find out if the phenotype match is the genotype right yeah it would absolutely be and like I said I have I have had people have that problem where they've tried occasion a guy and couldn't figure out and they did of one or even more than than one of the snips that regulate fatty acid metabolism so and then there's another phenotype that fortunately is more rare and I also wonder what's going on with P power alpha specifically which is people who do everything by the book and maybe I'm a sucker and maybe I'm gullible and maybe I believe patients too much but I don't think I've ever had a patient lie to me I really think like when they're not doing what they're supposed to be doing they tell you I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing so it's not uncommon in this rare subset of patients that is where they're doing everything by the book I mean they're working their tail off to keep their carbs here to keep their protein here to keep their fat here to keep it within this distribution and they cannot get even close to half a mil Imola of bhp in their blood and to me that's a really frustrating situation if it's frustrating for the patient because they're sort of like what the hell I'm doing everything right like I'm not making ketones and you know I think Steve Finney sort of put out this notion that the threshold was about 0.5 millimolar I don't have anything to argue that one way or the other so I generally can you know based on my own empirical experience personally I sort of felt like 1 millimolar was about the threshold but but again I think that's neither here nor there but when these people are doing what I'm describing and they're at best point to maybe 0.3 millimolar it just made me wonder there's something in their machinery that's not doing this now the question is is it a lipolysis problem is it an oxidation problem is it a conversion problem I mean that I don't know but it would also be interesting to understand where could the weak links be in their ketosis machinery right and there's probably you know there's a variety of snips and the in these genes and you know there there may be certain snips that haven't even really been tested or who knows it sounds it sounds like you know to me that there there's there's certainly something going on with with the process of ketogenesis ins and some of the patients and they're active they're activity levels or they're active yeah we're pretty I mean we've evolved a lot in our thinking on how those patients can be helped but it seems that the best way to get them over that hump is fasting coupled with exercise if they're capable but it's got to be relatively it has to be it's not gardening like it's got to be exercise exercise you know it's they they have to really deplete glycogen so that's the other thing I sort of wonder and some of these folks is what's happening with with gluconeogenesis because I I think until you start to dip down and glycogen a little bit it's really hard to do this and of course we can't do liver biopsies wait so fasting does get them into ketosis so again we're dealing with such a small end that I don't I want to be thoughtful about not generalizing too much so there's one patient in particular who is the poster child for couldn't do the ketosis thing straightaway but when we put him on every month a five-day FMD so he would do the five-day FMD but ketogenic not long goes FMD and then the 25 days of adlib was time restricted eating ketogenic then we've seen great results doing that in two people so that would suggest that something again it's not we're not doing this as an experiment at this point it's like clinical it's like just try to get the job done sort of thing but that would suggest it's something about the fasting end or the exercise end or the time restriction could get them over the hump but it's interesting because from an evolutionary perspective you should have been selected out really quickly if you couldn't make ketones efficiently well it sounds to me that maybe maybe there's a glycation you know you're not you're not getting depleting the glycogen - if that's you know so maybe it's not to do with the production of ketone bodies but it's actually just takes a long time to deplete that glycogen I do think there's a huge variation obviously physical activity plays a role in that as well I can fast I can do you know like when I do my time restricted eating ideally I like to do it within you know nine or ten hours eat all my food within nine or ten hours and then I you know I like to fast for like 15 hours I can do that and with my physical activity levels you know I will be closer to 1 millimolar it fast like we will get to 1 millimolar after 15 hours of fasting I will be closer to that when I'm really physically active like during the periods a couple of years ago and I was doing lots of like long like long-distance running and stuff I can get closer I mean I mean I'm going off of like a precision extra which probably no no precision extras it's I mean that's really good so I can get between like 0.7 millimolar to like 0.9 but are you consuming a ketogenic diet during your feeding with my diet typically I like I said I've never really intentionally tried to do a ketogenic diet but my diet is I pretty much eat a lot of the same things and typically it's salmon a salad or a sauteed vegetables with olive oil some pasture-raised butter from pasture raised animals and my fruits will be like blueberries I'll have avocado so I'll have it sometimes obvious movie with some blueberries avocado and kale and will you have two meals in that window or it depends if I have the or not typically I'll have breakfast and then an early dinner and then I'll have like a snack either nuts or the smoothie the kale with some blueberries and avocado so I think it you know I need a lot of nuts too you know I probably do what kind of nuts walnuts macadamia nuts pistachios cashews almonds I think probably I put cashews in the candy category oh really no no I just mean like can't stop eating this thing so yeah when I when I talk about nuts I'm like I eat nuts and sometimes cashews just might as well be eating M&Ms well yeah no look all kidding aside when I was on the ketogenic diet and I had to be very mindful of this stuff basically I could only consume almonds in macadamia everything else was just a little too high in carbohydrate the cashews just like my own personal demons okay I don't know what it is about cashews like I love watermelon like the summer like right now oh like my son loves we could eat a whole one oh yeah put a little salt on it like my father-in-law's from the south and taught me that so in the summer time I like to I like to eat some watermelon I like to eat peaches you know so well I'll definitely indulge in in more fruits because that's when they're around but you know so I do I think my diet tends to be I wouldn't be surprised if before you entered you're like so let's say you finish your feeding window just before you went to bed it wouldn't surprise me if you're already at 0.2 or 0.3 millimolar right probably yeah I never actually didn't measure there so check that yeah and that'll give me a sense because if you are believing is strict because I'm still nursing so I'm because it's just so hard to like timewise get everything I'm eating probably more like with the 11 or 12 hours okay okay well when you get back to the 15 I'd be curious because if you're actually able to go from zero or point 1 millimolar to 0.72 1 millimolar in a 15 hour fast that's impressed so so when I took the exogenous ketones and I've done this did you do the ester I did yesterday mmm I did their instructions which was heated with a heart high carbohydrate diet so I had a below bowl of some whole oats with some blueberries in it and then I took the VHB ester I literally went from like 0.1 millimolar ketone in one hour to 6 millimolar Wow 6 1 hour that's really high so that's impressive okay I'm trying to think I definitely don't get that high and that's just with one bottle with one bottle and then how long did it last do you recall let's it depends on whether or not I did exercise like intense exercise and so if I did the intense exercise like an hour later I was down to like 2 or 3 or something and have you ever taken it and just done work for example where basically the brain is doing more of the exercise than yeah that's what most way I do it now but I don't I'm not measuring because I'm usually like doing a podcast or going traveling and doing you know something but that's that's typical what I use it for is that so I'm not really doing that using it for exercise yeah they've really come a long way and taste really they still taste awful yeah you know it's funny I remember Kevin Rose who's a good mutual friend of ours when he tried them first he texted me and he's like dude these things aren't that bad like you made it sound like these things were horrible and I was like when I had it it I thought I was drinking kerosene or jet fuel I thought I was gonna die go blind first then die he goes not another stuffs good he goes actually I wouldn't call it a sippin ketone but it's actually pretty I was thought the guys at human and the T Delta s folks I think they've done a good job kind of making them less ridiculous they must really have tasted bad when you tried it cuz I personally think it's closer to the kerosene side than though it was so bad rather than there was like a good three month period where my favorite thing to do like more than anything in the world was if anyone came over to my house for dinner they had to try one finger dip worth Wow of stuff and of course the first time I drank it I just took 50 ml and chugged it neat without mixing it or anything like that and yeah I feel day just getting people to try this stuff the salts are obviously much more palatable yeah I've studied but I didn't really I wasn't I certainly didn't feel like I had the same effects as the the ester and also if I took a really high dose of it I felt like I had some GI distress absolutely I and I have also noticed that for some people that is for me that's the case so I cannot take the BHB ester on an empty stomach the only way I can tolerate that at high doses is either to put it with powdered MCT or actually just take it with a meal which in many ways defeats the purpose because I kind of like it as a way to avoid meals did it lower your blood glucose because yes like it like so significantly it was like like astounding yeah yeah no it's pretty impressive yeah yeah well and I and I know that Jeff woo the CEO at human is very interested in that and I republish to post I wrote five years ago in exhaustion his ketones like a couple weeks ago and a lot of scientists have reached out and said hey we're really interested in studying this like what can you tell us about this in anything so I think people are starting to realize that's an interesting way to lower glucose really significantly i person i dropped 30 points hydrate after a high carbohydrate like I said I had oatmeal with some blueberries there's nuts of course my my blood sugar because at the time too I mean I've just been nursing at night and so I'm waking up multiple times it has tear is terrible in your for your blood glucose levels and such but so they were a little higher than usual but yeah I drop me 30 points well yeah that's more than we typically see is it yeah on the topic of blood glucose have you ever experimented with akribos no I've experimented with it in with cells and culture but not like personally the stuffs pretty interesting it works quite well yeah I'll certainly if I'm going to indulge in some high carb action I'm gonna take a hundred milligrams of akribos beforehand and just flatline my glucose you know in many ways I find it actually more potent than metformin at glueck reduction I mean I think metformin has many other effects that we'll probably get into as well so let's go back to the IGF thing because this is sort of the thing that here's the thing I'll just jump right to my punchline in my question with this there are two issues I now have with things I used to take to be the God's honest truth actually three things the first is I found Cynthia Kenyans work on the daf-16 mutants in C elegans to be the most convincing evidence of the role of IGF or attenuating IGF in longevity and I now question that not question the work but question the inference that that can be applied to humans given the fact that only their germ cells divide and therefore cancer in that organism looks nothing like cancer in us cancer in that organism is only a cell getting larger there is no proliferation we have to sort of I mean it's obvious it's the risk of stating the obvious which is we're not worms but that's a huge difference in biology so that's that's the first thing let me let me let you comment on that yes because I've done those experiments so that probably what straight out of college and I went to work at the Salk Institute with Andrew Dylan who trained with Cynthia Cynthia Kenyon I was a chemistry major in college and I decided I kind of wanted to try some real biology because I only had a little bit of biology in college and so I went to work at the Salkin and really was like those first experiments I did with worms where you know we would knock down the the insulin igf-1 signaling pathway also known as the daf-2 and their worms would live like literally a hundred percent longer or like they don't go from two weeks to four weeks right yeah I mean it was like and not only that like the worms were so youthful like you would look at these worms you know cuz it's all I would do day after day under the microscope is just picking and poking and looking at the worms and how they move and you know as they get older they start to become less mobile and I mean it's just fair it's the most convincing day it is very convincing and now it's me in my mind was kind of like when I was like oh like we have a gene that sort of homologous to this and this is happening in those worms like I want to understand that like and here's the thing about that data and this is what I think if you get rid of another gene that's homologous to fall so - Oh deaf sixteen is right that's too far completely obliterates the lifespan extension meaning it's the Fox o3 that seems to be really important for we have how many we have for foxes yeah you mean different fox genes okay yeah I don't know exactly how many but the Fox oh we have three we have one two and four was it one two and there was our one two four or five but but their analog is sixteen I remember that right there daf-16 is basically our Fox Oh Fox oh yeah so okay well anyways yeah I'm not sure I'm getting confused with you know this but what is interesting is that the lifespan extension was completely like ameliorated did their health spend curbs cuz the experiment you're describing and no one can see what I'm doing but you know what I'm talking about like the the natural was a two-week lifespan where for the first week their youthful and then they have a declining health span curve so at the time of their death they're totally decrepit in the experiment you were describing if I'm thinking of the same one you doubled the lifespan and their longevity curve became a square function it just went out kind of yeah exactly yeah that's exactly what happened but you get rid of the daf-16 and they're like wild type oh they're like wild type yes I think so but and that largely has to do with you know so that the igf-1 insulin-like linked pathway both inhibit Fox o3 so if you get rid of that inhibition constitutively if Fox or 3 is constantly active in those worms I mean it's just like super in there making superoxide dismutase they're making more stem cells they're making just everything's active you know more etaf EG more stret like all these stress resistance pathways I mean Fox o3 is a transcription factor it regulates whole host of genes many of which have to do with DNA repair at ah Fuji stem cell function production of antioxidants and anti-inflammatory pathway so it's a lot of really good stuff you want active all the time so there's that component to the longevity pathway and actually if you look at the animal data from rodents where they're calorie restricted if you get rid of the Fox o3 the median lifespan extension is gone so the lifespan extension depends on Fox or 3d the cancer stuff was still like it didn't matter so the cancer reduction didn't depend on Fox or 3 only the lifespan extension so I think there may be a nun coupling between humans in igf-1 one of the major problems with igf-1 is actually cancer and if you if you look at you know animal studies if you look at humans to human studies like humans that have polymorphisms that make them have more igf-1 they have much higher cancer incidence vice versa so if you look at people that have polymorphisms is that is that the case I mean we look at the opposites right we look at the ones that have low GH and by proxy low IGF and have less cancer so you're talking about learn syndrome yes oléron syndrome yes yes they do but I think there's also another one in IGF there's Hetson igf-1 receptor so this is you're not talking about acromegaly or people that are making too much th they also are more susceptible to to cancel cancer as well yes I am talking about them as well actually the people with acromegaly are more susceptible to cancer maybe I am that's what I was referring to with they have higher circulating levels of igf-1 so you're saying you can't uncouple the growth hormone from yeah that's that's been one of the things I've struggled with is it's hard to uncouple the gh the effect of GH on the liver yes exactly that has been uncouple like if you if you do any sort of tumor transplant animals and then make them have high gf1 through a variety of modalities the cancer will grow rapidly so how do we explain the human epidemiology which and I'm like there are a few people that are more critical of Epidemiology than me I'm not a particular fan of it but I find it to be quite interesting in the negative meaning the contrapositive x' with an epidemiology can be quite interesting so this is the next thing that kept me going wait a minute and that was there's a u-shaped mortality curve that is skewed to the right for IGF and all cause mortality cancer mortality cardiovascular mortality and neurodegenerative mortality but when you uncouple them by disease you see a very interesting pattern so all cause mortality as IGF goes up it actually starts to go down it Nader's at the 70th percentile and then it starts to rise but it doesn't get as high as it started I know for people listening this is confusing so we'll include the figures of all these from the papers but the point is it's not that as IGF goes up eyetality goes up it's the opposite for 70% of the ledger only at the very end in other words only high levels of IGF if' seem problematic and as I know you've talked about I've heard you talk about this on your podcast you have to then disaggregate that by age the older you get the better IGF seems to be presumably because of the preservation of lean tissue it turns out that most of the uptick in the mortality above the 70th percentile is driven by cancer but actually cardiovascular disease and neurodegenerative disease seem to get they flatlined by the end so meaning there was no benefit to being at the hundredth percentile or the 99th percentile versus the 80th versus the 70th but you weren't getting penalized for it which suggested to me that low IGF might not be the ticket maybe it's some combination of cycling high and low IGF but living at around the median to slightly above that the 60th 70th percentile and again that's probably more a function of my misunderstanding of the literature five years ago but I really came away thinking IGF we've got to keep that as low as possible it's funny you and I kind of have had we've evolved in the very similar because I now also think that you know so igf-1 does play a very important role obviously in development but also in the repair of muscle in the growth of muscle preserving muscle mass also it gets transport across the blood-brain barrier plays an important role in neurogenesis and allowing existing neurons to survive which kind of brings me back to that gray matter thing with the lemurs but you know so and the thing that was interesting to me was the effect of exercise on igf-1 and the fact that for one it's been shown that the the boost in neurogenesis after exercise in the brain via brain revenue is requires igf-1 animal studies have shown that mostly in rodents have shown that that exercise causes igf-1 across the blood-brain barrier getting to the brain but in human studies I've also seen some showing that it does lower serum levels I think presumably it's also going into the muscle and the brain so I think that you know people that are exercising they're putting that igf-1 to the places where it's supposed to go muscle tissue brain tissue as well but in addition to that and this is kind of what's recent work from dr. falter Longo is that we know that this he does he's prolonged fast and I think the prolonged fasting is extremely interesting for a couple of main reasons and one is I think that it has tremendous potential for the treatment of autoimmune disease and also cancer based on on you know his work and what he has shown now in animal studies and some pilot clinical studies is that doing a prolonged fast and or in some cases the fasting mimicking diet causes this massive shrinking of organs where now he doesn't know how much of it's due to cell size decreasing versus apoptosis he does know a puppet apoptosis is occurring and he has showed that in multiple publications like there's a massive induction of apoptosis after a prolonged fest and you know which makes sense because it's a very strong stress and then after during the refeeding phase their organs basically come back they come back they grow regrow and presumably selectively repopulate yes so he's shown that these stem cells get activated so that the basically they have to be activated by the low igf-1 but then to proliferate and differentiate into whatever tissue type we're talking about let's say we're talking about the immune system then igf-1 is required for that proliferation and differentiation and repopulation of the tissue which means you can't just keep the igf-1 Wow the refeeding is just as important as the deprivation and the igf-1 is key in that and so you know what he's shown now is that you can take for example in the multiple sclerosis animal model you can actually cause stem cells to be activated through the prolonged fast and then during the refeeding phase the stem cells make non dysfunctional so they're making normal non auto immune cells he's done like a pilot clinical study with multiple sclerosis people with multiple sclerosis and it's helped with symptoms but he's also done these cancer studies and this is kind of where there's been some some clinical studies that he's been involved with like a 48-hour water fast that that's been done in patients undergoing standard of care treatment and he's shown that it was tolerable not only that there seemed to be less my low toxicity less neutropenia so basically there and it sensitized cancer cells to death so not only where the cancer cells more but less of the normal cells were dying and then he's gone ahead and shown this in animal models also with the fasting mimicking diet and it's like if you look at the data particularly in the animal model because they can you know do all the tissue harvesting and stuff I mean it's like it's so phenomenal that I would not be surprised that in the next ten years it will be required part of standard of care because it seems to be so incredibly robust at selectively killing cancer cells which you know makes sense I mean oncogenes they screw up all sorts of things one of them is the the stress response and you know cancer cells can't respond just read their prime to die I mean it's I spent a long time meena studying cancer cell metabolism apoptosis with Doug green and Joseph opperman at st. Jude Children's Research Hospital and and that's kind of one of the primary ways that a lot of these chemo therapeutic drugs if they can get to the tumor site work is that because it's a stress cancer cells can't handle it you know they die so I kind of went off on a tangent here so to get back to the igf-1 let me say one thing going back to what you just said that is also interesting but in the same thing so I agree that I think that it would really be great if patients had a better insight into nutrition going into chemotherapy and the few times I go and give talks at hospitals or go and talk it like a cancer meeting I'm amazed at how resistant the oncologists are on average obviously there were exceptions but on average to interfering with nutrition because in many ways their primary concern tragically is preserving weight and so I always get a little verklempt when I walk through an oncology ward and I see patients drinking in Shore I couldn't think of a worse thing you'd want to consume when you have cancer and yet the goal is hey we got to fatten these people up so I agree with you and I really hope that this research is accelerated because I do think patients would benefit greatly from this and the other application that I saw this several years ago this is quite old now but it blew my mind I'm not sure familiar with Jay Mitchell's work up at Harvard he did an experiment where he took three yeah three groups of mice so the first group were constitutively calorically restricted for their entire life these were probably like one and a half year old mice so they're about halfway through their life starting starting yeah so these these animals were constantly at 70% caloric intake the next group was your control group and then your third group was ad libitum diet until two days before an operation and at which point they were calorie restricted to a near fast and I'd have to go back and look I can't member if it was 24 or 48 hours of fasting it might've been a 24-hour fast 48 would be pretty extreme for mice so in summary you've got control there's straight-up eating you've got 70% or 30% CR forever and then you've got control and then fasted for a day all the mice were then operated on where their femoral arteries were like ated held for a period of time and then they were Reaper fused for people not familiar with what that means so that means you you open the animal up you put clamps on the femoral arteries which would basically stop all perfusion of blood to the lower part of the body and then after some period of time just before you kill the animal you release that and then you Reaper use the blood basically the oxygen Reaper fuses the organism that's considered a reperfusion injury which is about one of the most stressful things you can do to an organism so that you can really rapidly kill someone by doing that and that's something that in surgery happens quite a bit for example you end up having to clamp something off to repair something downstream of that okay so what happened was all of the control animals died without exception of the other two groups the groups that were either calorie-restricted for life or transiently starved before the surgery a significant subset did not die and I can't remember the number and again I know we're gonna probably link to this study so people are gonna listen to this and go that idiot got all those details wrong but this is the gist of it a non-trivial subset of them lived and what's interesting is you could get the same benefit by an acute period of caloric restriction in proximity to an insult that you could get by a lifelong of caloric restriction and the third piece would that was interesting was the group that were just starved transiently actually had a faster recovery which again they were fitter organisms I remember the first time I came across that thinking there's got to be something to cycling and people used to always ask me like why are you on a ketogenic diet every minute of every day would there be any benefit in cycling now I still don't know the answer to that question but I'm more curious about it now based on what you just described from vaulters work plus this type of stuff plus just the general ethos of the way we evolved we've fasted we fed we fasted we fed we fasted a long time we gorged like it just seems we've evolved for cycling right yeah I agree it's really that with falters work I just I'm so excited about about the prolonged fasting and the the potential benefits of it I think that actually something that you and I discuss several years ago and I had you I interviewed you on my podcast that you brought up that I thought was really interesting had to do with like the failed clinical trials with binding igf-1 and cancer and vulture brought up something interesting in a conversation I had with him and that is possibly that we now know IG f1 having low and high G f1 is important so if you're constantly having low igf-1 and the igf-1 is important for the immune system or population you can imagine in the context of cancer when you're giving other treatments along with it that would be important because your immune system is key in in warding off cancer and I thought that was a really interesting point of course we don't have evidence of that but I think you know it's something that would be interesting to investigate and it makes sense yeah I definitely am on the same page with you if I don't I'm not and like I started out with saying I don't think that chronic caloric restriction and low igf-1 is the essential like way for improving health span I do think that igf-1 you want it to go to your muscle you want to go to your brain so I think people should definitely be active especially if they're eating a high-protein and or even high carbohydrate or something that's gonna produce a lot of insulin you know they shouldn't be eating refined carbs but people do they're eating them they should definitely be exercising that's another change in my belief system I think today versus I don't know five or six years ago I think five or six years ago I didn't think exercise was that important to longevity which actually sounds ridiculous for anyone who knows me because I was probably exercising four hours a day but not because I believed it would make me live longer it was just sort of soothing my addictions but I think today I feel I am much more convinced by a lot of the data you've described certainly the central stuff when we published this paper earlier this year with Richard Isaac's and that you and I were talking about it before we started recording we wanted to get a sense of like if you took a completely unbiased approached and look at the literature what was the single most compelling thing you could do to generate or preserve brain health and we came away thinking that it was actually exercise and I remember when the analysts were kind of going through this and showing me all the data I was like come on guys there's no way exercise could be the most important thing for brain health and again I'm saying this is a guy who loves exercise more than anybody but it just struck me as there's no way and again I think part of it was I was just thinking about it through the vascular lens and obviously you know I think better than I do that when you start to think about brain health you have to think about it through a vascular lens and metabolic lens growth factor lens I mean there were overlapping but distinct pathways that are going to influence brain health and so I was kind of humbled by that and now I guess in many ways I'm a little more adamant about it with my patients not that I wasn't you know adamant before but this is like boy if you're if you're not active every day like we got to change that I actually the the main reason I exercise is from my brain it's certainly just not only for you know preventing neurogenic disease and atrophy and all that but just because it affects my executive function it affects my anxiety levels it affects my ability to make decisions I absolutely if I have something that's bothering me you're giving me anxiety or have to make a really important decision going for a long run really helps me and there's been studies showing that it helps with executive function how long-term planning like aerobic exercise specifically you know and then high intensity interval training all that stuff they all they all do different things that's the thing we couldn't we couldn't tease this out of the literature which again probably is just a limitation of shitty human clinical trials but that's the second order question right which is if you're gonna take the Tim Ferriss approach which is what's the minimum effective dose because there are some people like maybe URI who I think just generally like exercise and also get these other benefits these endorphin benefits but there are some people who are like look what do I need to do like I'm gonna treat exercise like medicine and I think in that setting I'm still not clear so if you were that person would I say Rhonda as long as you are lifting weights one hour three times a week like if you can only give me three hours would that be how I'd want you to spend it or would I rather you be doing anaerobic aerobic type thing like I mean that's to me those are where these biomarkers start to become very important because we're not going to generate hard outcome studies with that level of control once you you know try to control that many variables and be that strict about it you're gonna very much lose a heart outcome prospectively but if we knew what to measure right and that's you know would we be measuring an integral of IGF for example so how much it rises how much it falls and then what that looks like over time but I guess that's the funny thing right like the more we learn the less we know yeah absolutely I think that we definitely don't know the answer to that question but I think there's a lot of data out there showing for example strength training you know there's benefits on the brain that's been shown published this benefits on preventing muscle atrophy there's benefits on preventing cancer incident like that's all been shown for strength training for aerobic and you know this high-intensity interval training is also also seems to be making its way as well like like there was a study that I that I found vo2 max this is you know the ability of your body to transport oxygen during exercise which also is an indicator of when you're not exercising and obviously transporting oxygen brain for example is extremely important vo2 max declines with age like 1 percent per year I forgot starting at what age but you know so 10 percent per decade so that's almost parallels the muscle master column does it does parallel exactly and there was a study showing that 24 sessions of high-intensity interval training where it was like a 45-minute sessions five minute warm-up 5-minute cooldown and then you know in between the max intervals which were like pretty long like a minute there was you know the 70% of max water anyway so 24 of those increased vo2 max by 12% so you're literally taking an entire decade of decline and like reversing it with the 24 yeah that's that's actually a good point when I was more active as it sort of competitive you know in cycling you we would get our vo2 max tested about twice a year Ryan Flaherty who we were talking about before the she's one of my close friends and you've got to know him as well I learned from Ryan that actually vo2 max is not the most important indicator as a runner or cyclist it's V vo2 Max or P vo2 max that matters in other words for a runner V vo2 Max is much more predictive of performance which is the velocity you carry at vo2 Max and for a cyclist it's P vo2 max which is the power output at vo2 max that said every time you go to test you wanted to test well so you know over time I learned how to game the system you know I want to make sure my vo2 max is in the 70s which again to put that in perspective like that's not at the level of a professional athlete or something like the guys that are winning the Tour de France are in the high 80s or low 90s in terms of milligrams per ml per kilogram but nevertheless just altering my training for three weeks before a vo2 max test and dropping my weight so if I shed two kilograms and did those types of intervals I actually had it down to a science where there was a workout I would do you know in Carmel Valley you've got the 56 that goes out and it's got a bike path next to it there's a section of that bike path that is 1.6 miles long and it goes up at about 4% and just doing repeat intervals of that which takes about four minutes all out to go one direction and then about six minutes to cruise back four of those that was it twice a week for like three weeks and your vo2 max exploded now of course the question is is that like you know cramming for the test getting the result but not necessarily like you have to keep doing that to get the decade-long benefit I don't know the answer but I agree that like if you can maintain muscle mass and you can maintain peak aerobic performance it's not it doesn't even matter at that point if you're living longer you're clearly living better right like if you if you don't budge anything on maximum lifespan you've dramatically improved median lifespan right and that's a you know I think for most people that's what matters it is yeah I'm for me it is I mean I what's the what's the maximum lifespan that like a humans live 120 124 or something 124 1.10 124 something like that yeah living beyond that I mean that's I think the goal is really to for me I think that's a lot more achievable is increasing my my median health span of my my health span you know so so basically preventing staving off cardiovascular disease cancer also much disease those sorts of things so that I'm so that I'm living healthier and also you know a little bit longer but obviously not one hundred and twenty five or six yeah I don't really subscribe to the theory that we're gonna meet some take off point where you know there's immortality I'm really not convinced that that's that that's sort of biologically possible and I don't suspect they'll be alive at a time when it would ever come to fruition I don't remember the journal it was a paper that came out of Japan and the study looked at a variety of people of different ages so elderly population centenarians which are 100 semi super centenarians richer between a hundred and hundred and five and then super centenarians which are 105 plus and looked at a variety of biomarkers for health and aging so telomere senescence kidney function glycated hemoglobin lipid the whole lipid panel triglycerides kidney function him out of Isis like all that stuff was looked at inflammatory biomarkers and what was found is that aside from age what was predictive of being able to basically stay alive was low inflammation like more than hematopoiesis more than glycated hemoglobin blood glucose levels lipid all that stuff it was basically the ability suppress inflammation like that was predictive of cognitive function and also basically staying alive do you remember what they looked at were they looking at c-reactive protein and things like that general markers no look at her Lukens and stuff TNF they looked at a whole panel of and also some immune cells that are indicative of inflammation so there was a whole panel of biomarkers that were looked at for inflammation HPV tighter or something was also looked at so the the interesting thing about that study was that the inflammation was so key for each age group right like even more than all this other stuff like that I've thought about like senescence and telomeres and low blood glucose levels and all that stuff and so I really and and if you look at some of the rodent literature for example I remember the study where NF kappa-b which is classically thought about as an inflammatory mediators which it is it also has an anti inflammatory component to it and if you get rid of the anti inflammatory component rodents will have this sort of low level of chronic inflammation because every time it's activated there's not that infantile inflammatory part that's kind of keep it in a check and so there's kind of like this like lower chronic inflammation that's happening and those animals live like 30 percent less so that so their lifespan is cut short by about 30 percent so that's kind of interesting right that just just getting rid of that little anti inflammatory component of this one major regulator of immune system hasn't a profound effect on lifespan and then of course if you look at snips and stuff of course so you can always find you know well scenarios have a higher percentage of 10 and anti-inflammatory anyways you know so the inflammation it's an interesting finding that keep suppressing inflammation seems to be important for at least you know according to that study for making it to every part of you know I don't know what you would call it every basically progressing to the maximum level that maximum lifespan level that humans can possibly live well there was a clinical trial published either earlier this year or last year that looked at an il-1 antagonist and so this was a study that took people and made no change in their lipid metabolism lipid biomarker you know this was they they didn't do anything to the patients as far as differentiating the groups by traditional biomarkers of cardiovascular disease but one group was given a placebo one group was given an il-1 antagonist and the question was could that impact cardiovascular mortality and we've long talked about how cardiovascular disease is sort of this trifecta of lipoproteins inflammation and endothelial dysfunction but this was in many ways the most elegant first test of that in humans using heart outcome so major adverse cardiac event stroke MI death the hypothesis was found to be correct so the patients getting the il-1 antagonist despite having no difference in lipids or any other biomarker had an improved outcome with respect to cardiovascular health about a month ago another trial that using low dose of methotrexate which is an immune suppressant was halted early and the results will not be announced until this fall but if you read kind of the fine print it does not appear it was halted for a bad reason meaning it might have been halted actually for basically early efficacy which presumably would have been in the group getting the methotrexate so again we won't know that until the meeting in October I think when this will be presented but if that turns out to be the case that's pretty interesting because now you've taken something that we practically have great examples of like the one you've given and now potentially there's ways to think about using it so taking a step back from all of this stuff like you know of course I think about it at the level of like I'm just a mechanic right it's like how can you manipulate these things in people like cycling you know using nutrition and fasting to cycle IGF maybe even using an exaggerated growth hormone for all we know maybe you know I've always been quite skeptical of growth hormones use in in the field of longevity but maybe periods of oscillating rapamycin and growth hormone and fasting where you're cycling high periods of anabolic high periods of catabolic phase maybe there's something to it and then cycling agents like methotrexate and all these things so I don't know that's my hope is like in ten years we've got a complete personalised toolkit for how everybody could you know figure out exactly what drugs or hormones or nutrients to take and cycle and how to do it and then of course the key is you have to be able to measure stuff you know the the with the cardiovascular rated mortality the desana is something that is interesting to me for that for that reason because of the profound effects that it has specifically on lowering cardiovascular related mortality and of course just some clinical trials showing that you know there's a variety of other biomarkers and magnet potential mechanisms by that which that's happening but if you look at some of the data and by dr. yar allow cannon out of Finland if you look at some of the the observational studies you know where there's like a couple thousand men that we're doing it saunas so ubiquitous in Finland but if you look at for example men that are using it two to three times a week versus four to seven times a week versus once a week and you look at for example cardiovascular mortality two to three times a week it's lowered by like % but when you jump to 47 times a week it all cause mortality goes to 40 all clothes mentality is also lowered dementia and Alzheimer's disease again like like 20% lowered if you're doing 2 to 3 I'm so glad you brought this up because I almost forgot and I wanted to talk about this this is one of those things where I think three years ago I was completely dismissive of this stuff which is to say I still love going into asana because the one thing that I felt sana really mattered for was sleep and not for the growth hormone level but because I think there's pretty good data that a great way to sleep is to create a high gradient of temperature so the faster the more negative the derivative of temperature DT by DT when you sleep the faster you'll go to sleep in the longer you'll stay asleep so a sauna before bed if you could jump in the sauna then take a cold shower then jump into a cold bed you're gonna sleep like a baby I've done it it's absolutely just remarkable yeah so I always accepted that but I looked at all of that epidemiologic stuff and I was like the healthy user bias here is through the roof like I came up with a hundred reasons why I just couldn't believe it including saunas are painful so if you are fit enough to sit in a sauna seven days a week versus the guy who could only sit in it one day a week like how do I know that that's not driving it now since that time I've become a lot more interested because now the mechanisms are starting to become more well understood and so I'd love to have you talk a little bit more about this because I know you've talked about this a lot on you on your podcast but in many ways your pursuit of this has become one of the more convincing arguments in in my thinking on the actual health benefits of this independent of the healthy healthy user benefits of this you know the healthy user benefits it's of course and with with the uri's work he's tried to correct for all that physical activity then he's done everything like looking at lipid blood cholesterol numbers LDL number like just like really you know try to try his best to kind of correct for that healthy user bias and of course there's a dose dependence which always makes it more convincing but he's then since published some some clinical trials where he's looked at for example the arterial comply and of course blood pressures that's one of the main things that's effective is blood pressure but also just like the ability of the arteries to like expand and contract in response to pressure like that's improved which is really important so I think that you know obviously the sauna the heat itself does does affect you know blood flow plasma volume all that stuff is changed so so I think that the cardiovascular aspects and Yardies trying to really kind of tease apart more mechanisms because he's a he's an MD ph.d he's a cardiologist by training but he's also got a PhD so he's he's trying you know really hard to kind of understand exactly what's going on but I do think that it really seems convincing it's really convincing with the cardiovascular related mortality specifically it's very robust personally it's kind of interesting to think about how much of you know exercise also elevates your core body temperature I mean there's this overlap there you know and when I sit in a sauna my heart rate starts to elevate like I'm doing cardiovascular and that's that's what happens like I'm doing cardiovascular exercises start to sweat I mean a lot of the same adaptations that happen with exercise are happening when you're you're sitting in a hot sauna and in even a hot bath like more recently another study came out trying hot bath effect it had a positive effect on a variety of cardiovascular related markers as well which again if but you have to sit in it long enough you know to experience some of those effects or the elevation of the heart rate and all that stuff but there's also really profound effect on the immune system like part of the benefit of exercise is that it is an acute oxidative stress burst an acute inflammatory burst you know there's then a response to that and the net response is a positive anti-inflammatory and antioxidant response but the inflammatory and oxidant response is required to get that and something similar is happening with with the sauna as well recently there was a study looking by dr. Charles Rosen he had made this like fancy contraption where he elevated core body temperature and he had a sham control so actually people the Sham control also made people a little bit hot and they thought they were actually getting the treatment but it had a very strong antidepressant how do they do that he explains it on my podcast so you can go to the transcript you can just that strikes me as one of the few things you can't placebo he they did some crafty thing which I not going to try to explain but I will absolutely botch it they did it and and they had a sham control and in fact about he said about seventy percent of the people that had the sham control thought they had the actual treatment so it were like there was definitely a they were trying to control for the placebo effect what's interesting is I even the reason I got into the sauna was the effects that I felt on my mood when I was in graduate school like I lived across the street from YMCA and so I started using this on and it was like very black-and-white like I was like wow this is amazing like I can handle all this was a wet sauna dry sauce this was this is a dry sauna do we have a sense of dry sauna versus IR versus all the different yeah so I mean the infrared saunas are like they only get to like about 140 degrees Fahrenheit I mean it's not very hot if you look at Yowies work like their saunas that they're using in Finland they do they have a lot of what they call low Lu or something which is like they throw the water on makes the humid which makes it really hot I've been to Finland and try them try the their saunas before but basically the temperature gets to around 170 between 175 and 79 degrees Fahrenheit and most of the men in these studies are doing about 20 minutes to get the maximum benefits eleven minutes had some benefits sitting in 11 minutes but there was a stronger effect they say it took 20 minutes so if you're in a infrared sauna that only gets to 140 degrees Fahrenheit you probably would have to stay on a much longer to get the same benefit I see so the IR doesn't doesn't get deeper penetration thereby alleviating the need to stay in at a higher temperature it doesn't I mean sometimes people talk about there's a lot of marketing involved strip that out though if you strip that out the the infrared saunas do affect the sweating mechanisms like something to do with the penetration there you do sweat which is great because you actually do excrete things like BPA and phthalates and mercury and heavy metals and things like that from sweat so that is that's what a lot of those mark the straight-up dry sauna to 170 degrees spend three or four nights a week in that my favorite yeah that's personally I I would much prefer sitting in a regular dry sauna or even a sauna that you can throw one control just not infrared sauna yeah so that so that would be you know the obviously they're the the fire hazard risk is more when you're having a sauna like that versus just an infrared and the infra red ones are I think cheaper as well so it's certainly more convenient to have an infrared sauna but personally I prefer for the other like the barrel saunas are really nice there's a also an effect on the immune system I was mentioning Charles race on he met he measured il-6 which is also it's part of the Janus cytokine because it does like it's it's got like multiple pleiotropic effects and it's it's acutely released upon exercise as well and it has it's very important for a you know an anti inflammatory response releasing Myo kinds and all these things and muscles so it has it's important for insulin sensitivity a lot of the insulin sensitivity effects exercise has so so the sauna does the same thing that the exercise does where there's just a rapid io6 release at least according to Charles Mason's data and he said that actually correlates with things you know I've never looked at I wear a continuous glucose monitor a lot but I've never really paid much attention to it in the sauna and I don't have a sauna but I'm gonna be this weekend at a friend's place who has a barrel sauna and so I'll make sure that I document what my glucose levels doing because you would think transiently would go up right right but I know that at least there isn't one animal study where the heat stress quote-unquote animal sauna it actually increases glucose transporters and a type-2 diabetic model that actually improved insulin sensitivity and lowered blood glucose because the glucose was now being taken up into muscle butter so I wonder you know how much of the again it's like you're you're affecting the aisle six is really important for that and I all six is released upon heat stress without without the exercise so uncoupling you know how much of the benefits from exercise there's certainly some overlap and I think that there's also there are separate benefits that exercise has as well independent of the heat stress component of it but I certainly think there is a lot of overlap between those two things and so the sauna becomes very interesting and there's the whole heat shock protein part where you know the heat stress is one of the major ways to increase heat shock proteins which do you play an important role in near general preventing neurodegenerative diseases and I do think it's also really hard to the effects on the the vascular system which is important right as well because it's having such a profound effect on the back of their system the heat stress it's hard to uncouple well how much of the staving off of dementia and alzheimerís has to do with that versus heat shock proteins you know this is to me the biggest challenge with Alzheimer's disease just is you know we're talking about it in a pretty nuanced way but I think unfortunately clinically it's still considered one disease but you know to the best of my understanding it's really several diseases that all have a very similar common final pathway you know for example like going back some of the ketone data you know why why does ketone enhance memory and some in some models certainly even going back Oh God ten years you see a lot of anecdote of people in early stage dementia who when given even MCT oil would see transient improvements in cognition now Richard Veatch did some of the most elegant work on this Richard Veatch by the way is the guy who along with Kieran Clark created the ketone ester that T Delta s licenses to human and you know they showed I think quite convincingly in this animal model that the bhp was basically bypassing pyruvate dehydrogenase and so all of a sudden you know you think about the energy deficit that a neuron would experience if you have insulin resistance at PD H so if you know glucose is going to pyruvate and pyruvate can't get in because PD H is resistant giving BHB would just bypass it you go straight into the krebs cycle you make all the ATP you want but that might only be a subset of people that are you know suffering right there's also going to be the microvascular variant and then there's going to be the sort of more toxin variants so the nice thing about sauna - just thinking about it is if I can't becoming more convinced of this it's actually like a really pleasant thing that you can do to potentially live longer and certainly live better because many of the things we talked about I mean let's call a spade a spade fastings not fun I wish I could tell you that you know not eating is fun but like I just love eating so anytime I'm not eating I'm sort of like there's a discipline that's required to do it but I don't know sitting in the sauna for 20 minutes before you go to bed is pretty enjoyable of course the problem is it's not it's nothing it's not accessible you don't like Luzerne point you it's enjoyable until you like holy it's hot I want to get out it's knowing that like you get to get out and then that that jump into the pool or the whatever it is is yeah yeah the discomfort you experience from from like the heat stress where you're like really hot is actually I think key for the positive benefits at least for me it was on my mood where I was just like felt so good so what about the reciprocal of that cold so I used to do a lot of cold therapy but all for Dom still delayed onset muscle soreness so that was my main interest was you know back in the olden days I would go out and buy hundred pounds of ice or 50 pounds of ice I guess throw it in the bathtub cold water and I would immerse myself and that was unbearable but that really sped up my recovery from difficult workouts it's a pain in the ass so I started doing cryo and the data I was pretty convinced that whole body cryotherapy comparable effect in Dom's but a fraction of the time and 10x the cost but I've also had people talk to me about and I've never really looked into this but I'm guessing you have ice cold showers for you know increasing norepinephrine levels things like that mood altering have you had you looked into this I've looked into the literature yeah it's something that I did that I did notice from from doing cold showers and sometimes I'll do one before like a big talk or something because it does help me focus and it helps with my anxiety kind of so yeah I was gonna say so how did we square the two completely different things right you would you'd sit in the sauna to help with anxiety and then you could have the cold shower well I didn't start getting into the cold shower until probably a couple of years ago the sauna I started doing in grad school yeah long time probably about 2008 so a long time ago so they're they're completely uncoupled in my experience so do you think the sauna is working more through gh and others I think this sauna has a very profound first it affects the immune system and that inflammation has a major effect on brain and I think that that's work from Charles rays on it's pretty clear it's definitely there's definitely an antidepressant effect that seems to correlate with biomarkers of the immune system so so the more potent the il-6 response the more potent the antidepressant response in addition to that there's a very strong effect on bated orphans baited orphans are dumped and also this other system called dine orphan which is you know yeah and and what's interesting is that when you activate dine orphan through the the cap opioid pathway instead of MU opioid you feel uncomfortable and it's the part where I was talking about your relation and ha I want to get out it's the part when you're exercising where you're like oh this you know it's that uncomfortable feeling well that's you're making dine orphan partly because it cools your body down so it's kind of a response to you elevate I'm convinced by the way there are a subset of athletes that don't produce that at the same level I mean seriously like there are people I think who there are yeah because we talk about like a why can that guy tolerate so much more pain than that guy and at some point it's possible that they're actually experiencing less pain there there there definitely are variants in in the capital good receptor your pathway and and all that so I'm surprised that hasn't become a performance-enhancing drug which is you know blocking that receptor the pain receptor in the brain which is a you know a very interesting thought but now so then on the cold front what do you think's mediating that neurotransmitters so basically on the cold front the norepinephrine your it's that's been shown so animal studies have shown or norepinephrine released in the locus coleus treason or the brain after cold exposure and a variety of cold water exposure cryotherapy if you're doing a cold water 50 degree you know if it's like 50 degrees Fahrenheit you gotta stay in a little longer than like a couple of minutes in a really cold cryotherapy chamber but in humans plasma norepinephrine has been looked at which does seem to sort of correlate with the release and it's so hard though to look at the plasma to understand I know I know it is it is so I do I do think that that some of the mood is affected by the norepinephrine as well have you experimented with the stacking which is go do the sauna for 20 minutes then go do the ice shower for whatever 10 minutes and you get an additive effect in time feel really good yeah I feel really good and and that's when I did notice that my sleep was really profoundly affected what's interesting is there some studies showing that that heat stress at least in piglets does affect actually it seems to elongate the REM sleep stage which I don't know how you know what what all that means but so there's there certainly an effect of heat on sleep and then of course cold isn't you know lowering your body body temperature is important for sleep onset but I don't know there's something about the combination of the two absolutely like I sleep amazing after doing that the combination of both I think cold is really interesting for the effects on mitochondrial biogenesis I mean exercise is probably one of the best ways to increase mitochondrial biogenesis but cold exposure has been shown human studies both an adipose tissue and in muscle tissue to to boost biomarkers of mitochondrial biogenesis well it depends on what tissue we're looking at still a you know P G c1 alpha would be would probably be one of the best I would say for muscle tissue in in adipose tissue perhaps the same I would say P G c1 alpha is probably one of the best it's another downstream one I can't for some reason I'm drawing a blank yeah so that that that's interesting to me that the the effect on mitochondrial biogenesis but personally I like the exercise you know for my mitochondrial biogenesis I'm not like doing cold exposure all the time it's not like something that I do often like I said I'll do it once in a while before a big event I have to talk at or something just because it does seem to help me with have you ever swum in water that's so cold that you actually feel like you're on fire yeah I have been yeah uh-huh that's bad to me as an amazing I assume it's through to the vasoconstriction but it's the coldest water I ever swam and was in the Colorado River it was 42 degrees which is I mean that's that's unusually cold and the only reason I think I was able to swim in it was it was May and so the Sun was it was about 90 degrees Fahrenheit was the air temperature so you could like I wouldn't be able to swim in 42 degree water on a cloudy day for example or a cold day but I couldn't believe the sensation of feeling like I had jumped into boiling oil it was incredible which is very different from my normal exposure to cold I used to swim a lot in the ocean and you know if you do a 3-hour swim at 50 degrees Fahrenheit or 50 to 53 you get a little bit of that effect but you know more you can still you still know you're in Coldwater but this particular time I remember and I probably spent 15 to 20 minutes in this 42 degree temp the entire time I felt like I was burning Wow and again III know no idea why I guess it's my assumption was that's such profound vasoconstriction in the periphery that you know the one thing that I wanted to mention that when you brought this up for recovery is because um there is some evidence that for whatever reason strength training when you do cold exposure like immediately after strength training if you do it within its let's say before like sometimes with it sometime within an hour before or for sorry absolutely after strength training it seems to blunt some of the hypertrophy effects yes yes and and and actually it's in you say that that's the exact reason I would never take like ibuprofen or any anti-inflammatory agent III would limit it even that day I wouldn't take any of those agents because you're impairing that that rebuild yeah yeah so that so that's also interesting that the timing of it seems to be you know again there's it's been shown that about an hour after exercise is when the the anti inflammatory response starts to peak and so it's like if you can basically if you're within that hour window when the inflammation is happening to create that anti inflammatory response you don't want to dampen that at least that's it seems to be what I I think and and literature seems to suggest and there's of course mechanisms where it's like specific macrophages and muscle tissue are really important for activating all these things that you know eventually result in satellite cell proliferation you know and of course igf-1 is in there somewhere so again you know the immune system activation is important for a lot of the benefits of exercise including muscle hypertrophy so there's one more topic I just want to get to if we can spare a bit more time which is which is nad the precursor is the whole shtick you spend a lot of time thinking about this what is your current thinking on is having more nad to NADH matter the the thing about the nad I guess I should provide context for people why am I asking this question right so there's lots of supplements out there now that are you know either giving NR or nad and the claim is that these things can enhance longevity you could live longer and that also you live better you have more energy all of these other things and so in the mitochondria you have complex one which converts NADH to nad and the idea is we do know that as you age that ratio of nad to NADH goes down and so part of the thinking is well and this is outside of this or too and pathway but this is upstream of that but if that you give more of either the precursor or nad you're basically fixing something that is getting worse as you age yeah so that I mean the question is why does it go down and that's I think there's multiple reasons for that at least that's been shown in literature nad is a very important cofactor for mitochondria I mean obviously mitochondria or making NADH and that hydrogen the proton is used and electrons are used to basically generate energy through the electron transport chain and it's also generating the mitochondrial membrane potential by kicking out the the proton so that that's really important for mitochondrial function and respiratory function energy production which is like the key of everything right but in addition to that you have as you mentioned sirtuins which are histone deacetylases which have a whole host of functions that they're doing regulating tons and tons of different pathways there also seem to be very important for healthspan and then in addition to that there's a very important DNA repair enzyme part that literally syncs up nad I mean it's like an nad sync I mean it you know so you know we're constantly having damage where does it reside that enzyme we're in the cell yeah is it nuclear it must be right yeah and the reason I ask is how do we know that these supplements that we take orally are going to actually reach their bioavailability in the place we want them okay but that said we'll come back to that after um I think it's in the nucleus I mean it would otherwise the shuttles there but I think it is so it's very important for repairing you know DNA damage and so that's one of the major sinks and actually inflammation all these things are kind of upstream apart activation so the more that's happening the more parts being activated so you kind of have you have nad going there so one argument just to make sure I understand what you're saying is look if you're getting older you're gonna have more DNA damage that's just stochastic and if your little guy that repairs it requires nad as fuel that would explain one reason potentially why nad would decline as we age yeah it's and it's certainly a sink for it yeah and the other so the other thing is well if your immune systems can't constantly you know activate too if a more inflammation you have all that energy is required so nad is being consumed more for that as well so that's sort of another thing basically nad levels decline with age and it's probably because it's just getting used up more or the other the alternative is you know is there something else going on in terms of like this whole salvage pathway there's another pathway that you can do to regenerate aid nad and if that's kind of going wrong and I think there's some increasing evidence for that as well would that make metformin a bad idea from this standpoint because metformin inhibits complex one so Matt Forman lowers the ratio of nad to NADH does it has that been shown so you're saying it should lower it it should lower it now of course that's counterintuitive because we know it activates AMPK so I probably have to sit down and think about this but we do know metformin inhibits complex one and we know that complex one turns NADH to nad which makes me wonder does is it possible that metformin would impair DNA repair through that mechanism by reducing substrate I have no idea well I'm gonna write that down because I wasn't aware of the I didn't understand that at length yeah yeah I think that's a major one I literally think that's a major thing for it I think that the PARP is I think it's just like going there yeah so the animal evidence you mentioned some of the supplements you know precursors that can form nad I think that the animal evidence suggests that it can at least in rodents improve health span particularly in models with light that are heavily dependent on mitochondria like muscle myopathy models or something like that I think I think that was one and also the brain so I think those are the two the two organs I've seen like major positive effects with with nad supplementation and then there's some of course pilot clinical studies showing that yes you can take for example in the coton right right beside and it does seem to increase nad levels in plasma in a dose-dependent manner now again you race no idea if it's getting in the was getting in the cell is it getting in the way now we do know in animal studies that I think that has been shown because it's affecting the might of contacted those animal models of myopathy and stuff and mitochondrial function was improved and all that stuff so so when animal models it obviously is affecting mitochondrial function so it must be getting to the right place I don't know why I have found myself kind of skeptical of this I think it's good to start with skepticism I mean I think that nad levels or you can you can increase them with fasting so when you fast you know as you mentioned you convert nad into NADH in the presence of of energy because that's basically when you have a substrate like glucose or a fatty acid that's when you produce nadh or fadh2 so in the absence of those substrates then you start to meet your nad starts to build up so back to your metformin question you said I know who to ask I definitely know I'm gonna ask Navin Dell he will know the answer to this I follow a lot of his work when I was in grime Ralph Jabbar Dinis I did because I was doing a lot of cancer metabolism metabolism mitochondrial function and stuff so I followed a lot of do you have NAB's book navigating metabolism oh I don't know I just used to read his papers back when I was a graduate school just yeah so nav and David Sabatini were in town a couple of weeks ago and I was leaving town the day they were coming into town so we hung out for three hours near the airport and I was just reminded of how much fun it is to talk about mitochondria yeah for sure what is the most interesting question you feel you don't yet know the answer to but you feel is knowable that you're sort of actively putting in lots of your clock cycles on thinking about I would really like to know if for example someone who is like myself who I don't have a lot of body fat I'm active I eat a pretty healthy diet you know I don't smoke I don't have any of those bad habits if I were to do a prolonged fast a couple days a year would that truly have an effect on increasing my stem cell production potentially you know getting rid of any dysfunctional immune cells just funk liver cells dysfunctional whatever you know muscle cells and repopulating them with like healthy new cells like basically this rejuvenation like could I get this like bursts of rejuvenation a couple times a year and would that have in turn have an effect on delaying the onset of age-related diseases improving my health span you know keeping my stem cells less damaged that would be very interesting to me because to me that's something that's very doable for myself I mean the experiment to figure that out was different because it's you know in humans and so that's gonna be really hard you have to figure out like if you can even look at certain biomarkers to know that but I feel like that would be something that's so easy for someone to do it's interested in in longevity and you think it would be sort of once or twice a year doing like a five-day water only mineral well the question is how often how long like so you know we have a lot of the studies coming out of animal data which these rodents they lose 20% of their body weight after a 48 hour water fast yeah I find it hard to infer anything from rodents when it comes to fasting because MICEX act reason it's like Ida even the Jay Mitchell stuff I talked about earlier I mean I think it's an interesting proof of concept but I don't actually know how you would apply that to humans right so the question is it's like okay so if you have a 48-hour fasts and in a row yeah so I guess I'll expand my sort of answer that question like maybe do a prolonged water fasts like time right what's the frequency what's the duration to get the maximum benefit yeah and I am specifically interested in this shrinking of the organs and then regrowing like this potential robust activation of stem cells clearing away you know we're not just talking about a toffee we're not just talking about clearing away damaged mitochondria a pieces of DNA protein a great you are getting that but well in theory in humans in addition to that I mean I'm talking about clearing away the damage to the whole cell like just getting rid of it and replacing it with a brand-new young healthy cell like that's what I'm interested in you know I would I would love to you know even just the hope that that's possible you know based off of some of the pilot studies that voltar has done in humans and certainly the the animal evidence like I'm convinced I'm gonna at least try because it seems it seems very possible I know I know that he is trying to find the best biomarkers to look at for you know stem cell activation it's not quite as straightforward can't just you know harvest a bunch of tissues and look at things but I certainly have gotten some anecdotes from people that have had autoimmune like diseases and things said that fastings like completely reversed some of it like eczema or something no it's right where it's anecdotal but certainly when you start to have enough people saying the same thing it's like wow that's interesting that you've heard that five five or six times now yeah I think that would that's a good one I guess I think of a very similar question with rapamycin rapamycin yeah what what dose and what frequency to produce the best longevity phenotype do you know the interesting thing with the rapa myosin is the effect on the senescence cells like that's so interesting to me I didn't know really about that until I listened to your podcast with Judith yeah she's amazing she's really she's really she was really great and very knowledgeable in the whole senescent field yeah I had no I had no idea either the life's expanding effect is is that males only or was it both male male and female and it's across I mean it's it's everything from yeast to worms to flies to mammals I mean it's the only drug that's uniformly extended life across a billion years of evolution I mean and there's really interesting work I mean I think Matt quebra like maximum lifespan or are we talking median actually in the mice it was I think I can look it's not the time it's median but yeah yeah and what was interesting in the mice as they started late in life they started at 600 days which is that's about 60 years old yeah that's that's like starting is with this room that was really late in life for the my yeah yeah I was Wow made it that much more impressed that is that is very interesting so Kay Berlin's work do you know Matt up at the University of Washington he is giving rapamycin to dogs but these are pets right so these are not laboratory animals which is what makes it really interesting is you've got animals that live in our environment that are and dogs sort of have a very predictable demise right they're either gonna be you know died in an accident be euthanized cardiomyopathy or die of cancer that's basically how dogs died and the cardiomyopathy that they get is not an asterisk erotic cardiomyopathy they get a cardiomyopathy where the muscles are actually just getting weaker and weaker and their ejection fraction is going down and in studies as short as 12 weeks they're seeing a 10% increase in ejection fraction of these dogs and so the question is how much of that is working through senescence just selectively knocking out senescence cells and letting myocytes regenerate yeah that study out of the Mayo Clinic where they did some drugs like selectively targeted senescence cells and it it's a 20 percent increase in median lifespan sort of an interesting proof of principle how just well that was an I think an accelerated aging model so they had accumulated Marchioness themselves obviously they had to do something like that but but it all comes back to this idea of specificity and selection you know everything we've talked about if you really stop to think about it comes down to how could you target this tissue and leave that tissue alone or how could you target this cell and leave that cell alone and in many ways I think that's kind of got to be the next frontier here is you know even if you think about something as crude as chemotherapy it is not hard to kill a cancer cell with a chemical that's trivial it's hard to kill a cancer cell and not a normal cell and that's why chemotherapy obviously targets rapidly dividing cells and it's still very crude but the stuff we're talking about is like taking that to the next level which is how could you get this enzyme to work more efficiently but in this subset of cell you know just in the muscle but not in the fat or not in the liver in there yeah and that's again where the fasting is just so impressive to me the fact that you know all the normal cells is you're enhancing all these stress response pathways so the chemo drug becomes that much more or less almost less you know efficacious like it's like almost like a lower dose because it's like got these robust anti-apoptotic in anti stress response genes that are dealing with that sort of stress and so it's like it can take the toxic and sole because of that upregulation that fasting is doing and the cancer cells just can so I'm I'm so glad that that works being done I hope that there is more funding that goes in that area I think that it is a really important area of research again like I said with it you know this is and this is all from from vaulters working some of some of his colleagues so I'm just kind of like the fangirl you know but I'm certainly I'm happy someone's doing that research and I would love to see that be used as a standard of care someday for sure so Rhonda many of the people listening to this will know everything about where to find you but for the let's assume there's someone here who this is their first time meeting you where can they learn more about you and how can they interact with you I have a podcast it's called found my fitness you can find it on iTunes and on my website found my fitness comm all the episode pages there with links to the video which and your videos are remarkable because you put so much work into actually like a podcast like this unfortunately we're too lazy like I'm not gonna actually do much except create show notes but on yours it's like it's like a Khan Academy right it's like everything is being explained in the video as well like yeah any text explaining the figures definitions and all that are there in the video and also on I think we're having now definitions and stuff on the website so people can the the goal is to definitely showcase you know a lot of the the researchers and scientists that I interview and also to educate people as well so found my fitness someone iTunes and my website and social media you can find me on and what do you like most is Twitter the easiest place for people to get better Facebook Instagram I'm all over yeah and what's your handle found my fitness that's all for my fitness yeah so you were ahead of me on this like you you immediately recognized the value of exercise I'm a late comer to this I mostly from from personal experience I realized I was like this is like this is great for my brain and from there I just kind of dove into it it was convinced yeah for sure Rhonda I can't thank you enough this has been awesome I don't suspect it's the last time we'll talk about this stuff so until next time awesome you can find all of this information and more at Peter Tiye MD com forward slash podcast there you'll find the show notes readings and links related to this episode you can also find my blog and the nerd Safari at Peter TMD com what's a nerd Safari you ask just click on the link at the top of the site to learn more maybe the simplest thing to do is to sign up for my subjective lean on lame once a week email where I'll update you on what I've been up to the most interesting papers I've read and all things related to longevity science performance sleep etc on social you can find me on Twitter Instagram and Facebook all with the ID Peter attea MD but usually Twitter is the best way to reach me to share your questions and comments now for the obligatory disclaimer this podcast is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute the practice of medicine nursing or other professional healthcare services including the giving of medical advice and note no doctor-patient relationship is formed the use of this information and the materials link to the podcast is at the user's own risk the content of this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice diagnosis or treatment users should not disregard or delay in obtaining medical advice for any medical condition they have and should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions lastly and perhaps most importantly I take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures the companies I invest in and/or advise please visit Peter attea MD com forward slash about

  Top Comments:
  1. @yl1487 [1 likes]: 0:05:13 - start of the podcast.
0:05:47 - what do you believe today that you you didn't 4-5 years ago? Increasing health-span with CR;
0:06:58 - based on Valter's work - periods of growth and of IGF-1 are important;
0:07:18 - lemur study
0:07:54 - a massive grey matter atrophy;
0:08:52 - another shared point of interest - ketogenic diet benefits;
0:09:31 - ketogenic diet in rodents is typically obesogenic;
  2. @viperracing2889 [1 likes]: Anecdotal but interesting; the then oldest person in the world only ate everyother day. Can't remember her name.
  3. @viperracing2889 [1 likes]: Discussion starts at 5:13
  4. @quengmingmeow: Not sure if anyone is seeing this comment this many years after the video has posted, but I am interested in the clinical results she spoke about regarding the combination of fasting with chemotherapy to target cancer cells.  I have read about this for a long, long time but even today it seems that a lot of people have not heard about it outside of a few niche circles.  Has there been more definitive results regarding this?  Is there more ongoing research?
  5. @reneronquillo753: What are the blood glucose levels when the ketones are not where you want them to be. 

I guess the question is, at sub 70 glucose level are ketones present?
  6. @ked4: 27:27 future me, this is the part you're looking for
  7. @NAKMUAYACADEMY: Another great talk ! Thanks for sharing those !!! 
I have a question when it comes to average person 40-60 years old
When training for health and longevity
Is it better slow and steady pace cardio 120-140 heart rate 3-4 times per week or maybe 1 slow session and 1 fast pace hitt style ? 

Thank you for your time
  8. @Antigone10: My ketone levels tripled. (Comment will be lost on the internet on a 2yr old video lol).  Increased protein synthesis raises ketone levels significantly.  If you can get to a state where your body is building or repairing significantly during ketosis, your body or at least my body, starts making higher levels of ketones for energy.  Something like testosterone replacement therapy and/or weight training in older men can kick this off.  Normal levels for me 1.3 and post anabolic work out .7.  My normal levels have raised to 4.5 now and 1.5 post weight training.  My belly fat is shrinking inches a week and my muscle size has increased.  I'd love to see research on hormone balancing and any counter or sympathetic effect on low calorie keto diets.
  9. @paigerperry867: Please have further discussion on exogenous ketones.
  10. @cholakicha: 1:30:00
  11. @jaykana7677: 2 greats here ,wealth of info, Thanks
  12. @gesheepistemology8050: IS this Wrongda the idiot from Joe Rogan? Talk about set the topic back 40yrs....what a drop kick!!
  13. @leostack8495: I got parkinson now ill be 65 april.1 my syptons are getting harder to deal with quickly i have 3 children and devorced question what do you know about turning glieal cells of the brain into neurons human trials  i was into cbs in my 4yr honorably dis charged duty at a young age 17 yes but since folate:came in the picture cure I can dream again caused from a deficiency caused by my parkinson
  14. @dorcasmcleod6583: It's never gonna agree with macro evolutionary thought, because they are false concepts.
  15. @rjreddenbaker4351: Does the carnivore diet not qualify as Keto? Isn't that considered high protein, high fat. I know I'm in ketosis now, as I have all the signs and strips say yes. I have been for 50 days or so at this point, after going full carnivore 55 days ago.
  16. @rjreddenbaker4351: What about fatty red meat for fat?
  17. @peternicholas547: Bimbo Rhonda got her rear end handed to her by Professor Bart Kay in youtube.
  18. @mjdawd4846: Great content but please please add timestamps to when we need to watch back specific parts.
  19. @elainep8873: I was always for 20 years able to get into ketosis. Now I'm not able.  Doing everything by the book. I'm going to try fasting with exercise,  but I'm so frustrated.
  20. @naits7457: Peter mentions he felt his body was on fire when swimming in cold water.

When we die, we will either go to heaven or hell. Hell is a physical place of eternal burning and infestation with worms (Mark 9:48). You will not die in hell. It will last forever (Revelation 20:10).

While you are alive, you can avoid hell by having Jesus wash away your sins (John 3:16). After you die, you will have no more chances (Hebrews 9:27-28). Jesus is God (Titus 2:13).

There is no marriage or childbearing in heaven (Luke 22:34-36) but there is none in hell either, so you may as well take heaven.

- Is This Diet the Ultimate Hack for Cognition, Weight Loss, & Slowing Brain Aging?: Kind: captions Language: en When you talked about these, >> I was really surprised to hear that they have cancer preventing chemicals in them. And then um I was looking at some of the research and it does say exactly as you said, things like kale, broccoli, Brussels sprouts linked to a reduction in breast cancerous prostate, lung, and colarctyl cancers. According to the World Cancer Research Fund and PubMed, most of us don't eat enough of this stuff cuz it's not the tastiest stuff. And you talked about sugar as well. It makes me think about the diet that I'm currently on, which is the ketogenic diet, and whether that is an optimal diet in terms of all of the things we've discussed earlier, dementia, longevity, aging. What is your views on the ketogenic diet? I think there's there's the extreme ketogenic diet, like the classical ketogenic diet, and then there's modified sort of low carb ketogenic diets that do allow for I mean, there's yes, these are leafy greens that are carbohydrate, but they're high in fiber and they're low glycemic index. And so, you can actually eat leafy greens on a ketogenic diet and still be in ketosis. So I the ketogenic diet is very I'm very interested in it because I do think that beta hydroxybutyrate which is the ke major circulating ketone body that's produced when you're in ketosis is highly beneficial much like lactate. It can actually do a lot of what lactate can do. It gets into the brain and it's an e easily utilizable source of energy by neurons. These are ketones, which is what your body makes when you >> abstain from carbohydrates and sugars. Yes. It eventually shifts into ketosis where you're running on keto you're in ketosis and you're running on ketones. >> Yes. It's what you're measuring when you're doing your when you're measuring your finger prick that it's beta hydroxybutyrate. That's the major circulating one >> that you're measuring. And that's actually a signaling molecule. It's activating brain drive neurotrphic factor in the brain. And so it's very interesting because it's it's almost like having lactate in your body but having it constantly. So I'm super interested in a ketogenic diet particularly for people that respond well. I mean some people their triglycerides go really high, their cholesterol goes really high and there's sort of an I would say individual variation in terms of how you respond. And so it's good to always measure everything right to make sure that you're responding well to ketogenic diet or to maybe cycle it. I've been very interested in cycling it for brain benefits as well because of the beta hydroxybutyrate where it's it's just so beneficial for the brain. You know, it's been shown that you know beta hydroxybutyrate. So what happens is when you have this ketone like beta hydroxybutyrate get into the brain, it's able to be used as energy instead of glucose. I feel like we should take a step back and explain what keto is for for the for the listener who maybe has never really heard or understood it before. And I know that there's a large proportion of people that don't know what it what it is because I spend a lot of time at dinner parties trying to talk about it. And it's super surprising to me that the average person actually doesn't really know what what keto or ketosis is. >> So, I think that's great. Yeah, we can talk about ketosis. Um, essentially if we if we kind of take a a thousand mile high view of it without getting so technical, >> yeah, >> I would say the best way to think about being in ketosis is your body is using fatty acids as energy and not much glucose. You'll still use a little bit of glucose. You need to use glucose because your red blood cells, for example, don't have any mitochondria. They need glucose. But you're mostly using fatty acids as energy that are being produced from they're being released from fat stored in atapost tissue >> which is like my belly >> which is like your belly visceral fat um subcutaneous fat. >> So this sounds great. My body's going to use burn the fat instead of burn you know burning glucose which I've got from eating bread or something. So I'm going to get skinny. >> People do lose weight on a ketogenic diet. >> My dad has lost so much weight. It's ridiculous. It's like shocking. >> On a ketogenic diet. >> Yeah. It's crazy. He was quite a big man if I say so myself. Very big belly. And he sent me this screenshot the other day after a couple of months on the ketogenic diet. And he's like 13. He's just for the first time ever been 13 stone since since he was in his teens. He's now 13 stone. So he's lost what the equivalent of about four four or five stone in weight in a couple of months. And he just looks completely different. Now, I'm not, you know, I'm not necessarily saying to stay on that diet forever, but the the speed in which one can lose weight on a ketogenic diet is remarkable, >> right? And so, you're you're basically the food that you're eating is predominantly fat, right? So, you're you're basically not only using the fat that your body already has stored, but you're also fueling yourself. You're feeding yourself more fat, right? So you're basically using the fat as energy and through a whole bunch of biochemical reactions, you produce ketone bodies as a byproduct of of that. It doesn't necessarily have to be just ketogenic diet. Like you can when you're fasting, you go into ketosis, right? Because if you think about it, you're you're not giving yourself food. Instead, you're relying on what your body already has as a source of energy. And you only have so much glucose stored as glycogen, right, in your liver. And that I would say after there's individual variation, but after about 12 hours of not giving your body food, you sort of deplete all your glycogen stores and then so you start to shift to lipolysis, which means the breakdown of fat. So fasting is another way to go to get into ketosis. Another way would be intense exercise. So, like, you know, these endurance athletes that are doing long duration types of exercise also can go into ketosis, right? Because they're depleting their glycogen stores much quicker and they're also using all this energy that they've they've fueled themselves with because it's it's so intense, right? Long duration type of exercise. And so, and you can combine these things as well, right? You can do endurance exercise with a ketogenic diet and you really kind of can get into ketosis quicker. Is it like a switch? >> So there is something called metabolic flexibility which essentially means that your body is able to switch between burning glucose and using glucose as energy but also using fatty acids as making you know as energy and then producing ketones as well. And the more I would say the more um if you've done ketosis or if you exercise a lot like frequently or you do any form of fasting or what's called timerestricted eating. So let's say you eat all your food within an 8 hour window and then for 16 hours you're not eating food. Your body is used to switching to fatty acid metabolism to to using fatty acids as energy. So you're really metabolically flexible. And um not everyone's able to do that because most people actually they think they eat within a 12-h hour period, but they there's been studies that have been done that have shown that actually they eat more like within a 15 to 16 hour period, not not even a 12-h hour period. Certainly not a 10 or eight hour period. So there's, as I mentioned, it takes about 12 hours on average to deplete all your glycogen levels. Now, you can accelerate that if you're doing a lot of physical activity, but once you deplete that liver glycogen, that is when you shift into burning fatty acids and then eventually ketosis, right? >> In terms of longevity, have they ever done any studies where they've put someone on the ketogenic diet or like a mouse or a rat on a ketogenic diet versus the the average diet and then monitored how long they live? >> There have been studies by uh Dr. Eric Verden out of the uh Buck Institute for Aging in Novado, California. And I mean this was several years ago. He's done these studies probably almost 10 years ago, maybe about 2018 or 2017 these studies were published. But um he he did do some of these studies with a ketogenic diet in rodents and it did seem to extend life expectancy but more importantly the health span. So particularly in the brain. So it's like their brain had aged much much better. they had less of the all of the pathological features of Alzheimer's disease. And again, I do think like I mentioned, I I'm I'm super interested in beta hydroxybutyrate in particular. I mean, there's it's multiffactorial because on the one hand, you're not eating as much glucose, right? And that in in and of itself is important because glucose can be so damaging particularly if you're not physically active because it's not if you if you're physically active and you're eating some amount of glucose that's going into your muscle. >> It's not damaging the vascular system. >> The vas the cardio the vascular system is very much related to brain right so when you start to stiffen your blood vessels and stiffen everything I mean that's that's affecting blood flow to the brain it's you know it's causing hypertension that all affects brain aging as well. So, I think just, you know, and then the the the damage that the glucose does in and of itself, like I mean there's studies, it's really interesting. There's studies showing that people even on the high end of normal in terms of their blood glucose levels. So, they're normal, but they're kind of on the high end of normal. They had more brain atrophy than people on the low end of normal. >> By brain atrophy, you mean their brain was >> shrinking. >> Shrinking. >> Shrinking. And it was the hippocampus, by the way. again that >> that part of the brain that's involved in learning and memory. So the glucose itself has this effect on you causing damage and accelerating the aging process. But then there's this other very interesting effect of these chemicals that are made as a byproduct of being in ketosis and that is the beta hydroxybutyrate that ketone body gets into the brain. It's transported across the brain through an MCT transporter. And when it gets into the brain, it can be used as energy. And you your neurons don't need to use glucose. And it can do that. So your your neurons can use glucose as energy, but it takes energy to use that glucose to make energy. When you use the ketone, the beta hydroxybutyrate, it takes less energy to you to make that energy. So it's energetically favorable to actually use that ketone, that beta hydroxybutyrate. On top of that, this is what's so interesting, it frees up glucose. So, the neurons aren't using the glucose. Where does the glucose go? Right? Because it's there, it's it it sort of shunts it into this other pathway that's called the pentos phosphate pathway. I don't want to, you know, burden people with all those technical details, but let's get to the important part of that is that it shunts glucose into this pathway that makes essentially it's precursors that make what's called glutathione, the major antioxidant in the brain. And so you're making more glutathione day after day after day. That is huge because oxidation in the brain, inflammation, this is a huge cause of brain aging and Alzheimer's disease, dementia. We now know neuroinflammation is one of the major causes of it. And so if you have more glutathione in your brain, you're going to basically sequester that damage that's causing, you know, that's that's aging the brain essentially. And so the glucose now is not being used for energy. It's being used to make an antioxidant in the brain. Okay, that's also really cool. And there's more. There's more. Okay, so then the beta hydroxybutyrate itself is a signaling molecule like lactate. >> The ketone, >> the ketone itself is a signaling molecule where it's basically, you know, it's a little bit of a stressed state, right? So when you're in ketosis, it's you're stressing the body. It's either exercise or you're fasting or you're on this ketogenic diet. And so your body again is responding to that stress by making like a bunch of awesome resilient stress response things that are basically gonna improve the way you age. And so the ketone beta hydroxybutyrate then activates brain drive neurotrphic factor. This miracle growth for your brain, right? It's involved in growing new neurons. It's involved in increasing the connection between neurons. It's involved in neuroplasticity. All those things. And so you get this multi-level benefit not getting not having the glow glucose causing the damage. You have um basically the glucose now being used. Not only is it not going causing damage, it's being used to make an antioxidant. And then you have the whole ketone, you know, aspect where you're you're essentially um making and activating all these beneficial pathways in the brain that reduces aging.

  Top Comments:
  1. @spiralsun1 [24 likes]: I’m an ultrarunner and a marathon runner and I will never forget going into full-blown ketosis… it took 4 days of fasting and I felt horrible and almost quit… when I woke up on the 5th day I didn’t even THINK about coffee, I was wide-clear-awake like never before in my life steady, awake, alert like never before in my entire life. It was absolutely amazing. The test-strips went from beige to absolutely black at the same time. I didn’t know a human could feel that way. It’s extremely hard to sustain because everything has carbs. I don’t do it even slightly for weight loss—just performance in qualifying for Boston. Dropped 20 minutes off my time. That’s HUGE. I invented my own protocols based on my high fast twitch fiber makeup in my muscles based on the research and it worked way better than I ever imagined. I was never in ketosis my whole life until then. The slightest carbs throw you out. It turned on genetic switches that were dormant until then. Just amazing.
  2. @bernadettepalmer6407 [6 likes]: Great 👍my husband and I on keto- which just low carbs, which we only eat vegetables, meat/ fish- no sugar but gets super on berries fruits 👍so we are not extremely on Keto- we also eat pumpkin and sweet potatoes 🍠 
We started it  just over a year ago , just to lose weight and because we are both ageing at that time 64-66 ! Of course I lost 8 kilograms and stomach become flatter even I had 3 children over 30 years ago ! Unfortunately I kept loosing weight 42-43 kilograms so when I go to lower than 42 kilograms- I eat a toast of wholemeal bread with my eggs or some noodles - maybe 1x a month because I don’t want to lose more weight and looked so skinny but I’m only 4foot 11 inches so it’s okay to stay healthy if I’m under 44 kilograms! So my husband and I will definitely 💯 stay in this diet- have coffee 1 x a day and keep drinking green tea , ginger and lemon drink 👍❤️ 
We just wanted to keep healthy meals with salmon oil and organic olive oil 😊
  3. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC [5 likes]: Gentle fasting, low carb, nutrient density

Of course if you have more muscle and less fat, you get into ketosis faster..

If your metabolism is slow or you have a lot of extra body fat... you need to be stricter and focus on building muscle

Dr Ben Bikman is probably right to control for insulin
  4. @FoundMyFitnessClips [4 likes]: Watch the full interview here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCTb3QSrGMQ
  5. @gareththomas3234 [4 likes]: Theres Keto with high saturated fats & theres Keto with no or low saturated fats. The same can be said for a vegetarian diet. Also Ketosis is not a guess. Use the test strips and you know if you are in it. If you are in deep Ketosis you become super aware, alert & awake. Its a definite IQ booster.
  6. @Djynni [3 likes]: I love Rhonda Patrick!
  7. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC [3 likes]: So fasting.... although a "stress" is a good stress?..

And control for insulin...

Avoid sugar, simple carbs, over eating and stress?...
  8. @Nutriatry [3 likes]: Great points made in this video! I’m also often amazed about how many people throughout our population aren’t familiar with this diet.
  9. @crackpothunter [1 likes]: Carbs + Vigorous Exercise Wins over Keto with Moderate Exercise any day. Choose what suits you.
  10. @JDfloridaman [1 likes]: Do people really still do dinner parties. I feel like they're not as popular anymore cuz you always run into some guy who wants to talk about how they're in ketosis
  11. @RandallNunnally [1 likes]: Meat chicken fish egg no fruit or vegetables till you get to desired weight if it has more than one ingredient its processed food only coffeee tea no diet soda no onions tomatoes or chili pepper
  12. @cheffatgrams: I’m always experimenting with new keto meals, though salads still show up in my routine at least five times a week. Losing over 85 pounds in 2018 taught me a lot about what actually works and I’ve been sharing those discoveries ever since.
  13. @mfwebpea2935: What do you think about buying markdown goat's milk at Mall wart it exploded when I opened just barely so drank her down thought buttermilk this you see almost ended me
  14. @lisameyer293: Kale and that is very tasty, get some boiling water through the kale in there for three minutes, then put it in your calendar put all your spices that you like and olive oil and butter. Oh my goodness it taste really great. Every time I go to the eye doctor he says my eyes are better
  15. @xavierb5120: I chuckled a little at how he's holding the veggies 😂 0:01
  16. @chadbrown5929: So if I’m using ketone IQ on my long runs and eating 100 carbs an hour am I still getting the keto effect or am I wasting my time with the keto IQ??
  17. @mwredfern: I recently did a blood lab while on the keto diet for 60 days, and my triglycerides skyrocketed. Also, and interesting, my glucose was on the high end of normal. 

What can I do?
  18. @taze8230: You were surprised that vegetables have cancer preventing elements?!?!?!
  19. @CurtisWoolf: Already been discussed..
Buckle down and search for her authentic channel.
  20. @CurtisWoolf: It is really unfortunate that we cannot get an appointment with her to get started to help ,reverse, getting in a Watertown have a way better experience fir our life

- Dr. Rhonda Patrick: Why Your Brain Starves Without Vitamin D & Keto.: Kind: captions Language: en Before we discuss easier ways to avoid cognitive decline, do we even know what causes dementia and Alzheimer's disease? Do we have any ideas about that? Because when they image the brain, they can see these plaques on the brain, as they say. But I mean there are many reasons; it is multifactorial, which means there are many different causes of dementia and Alzheimer's disease. So I would like to say that you mentioned plaques, amyloid-beta plaques. What happens is that there is an accumulation of a protein in our brain called amyloid, which is usually cleared from our brain. What happens is this abnormal process where the amyloid is not cleared . Thus, it begins to form these clumps and aggregates with amyloid proteins that have not been filtered out. This happens mainly outside your nerve cells, but at the place where synapses are formed between cells. What happens is that it disrupts the synaptic connection between nerve cells, which is what essentially forms memory. So, when you start to disrupt this connection, you not only lose memories, but the entire purpose of a nerve cell is to form memories. Therefore, nerve cells begin to die when they lose their purpose, right? Amyloid buildup is linked to many things. For example, she mentioned that it is cleaned when we sleep, especially during the deep sleep or slow-wave sleep stage, where something incredible happens. This is called activation of the glymphatic system. I have heard of the lymphatic system before. Well, the glymphatic system is basically a series of networks that are like highways through the brain, where cerebrospinal fluid is pumped throughout the brain, cleaning up all the waste, such as proteins that have not been filtered, and expelling and cleaning them through this lymphatic system. This lymphatic system is activated during sleep. This is one of the reasons why people who do not get good sleep over decades are more at risk of developing Alzheimer's disease, because they have an accumulation of these amyloid plaques in their brains. But there are other reasons as well. For example, glucose metabolism is disrupted in the brains of Alzheimer's patients. You need glucose, and your nerve cells need glucose. Essentially, your brain cannot produce energy properly if glucose does not reach it . This is another metabolic cause of Alzheimer's disease, as it is believed that excessive consumption of carbohydrates and refined sugars and lack of exercise leads to a disruption in glucose metabolism in the brain and the body as a whole. Isn't that so? The brain and body are interconnected, but there are also genetic factors; Some people have genes that increase their Alzheimer's because they cannot get rid of amyloid or repair the damage well. Therefore, the blood- brain barrier, which is very important for filtering toxins and preventing them from reaching the brain, begins to break down. This breakdown in the blood-brain barrier is one of the very early signs of Alzheimer's disease. This occurs in people who have a genetic risk factor called "APOE4". You may have heard of it; it is probably one of the biggest genetic risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. Approximately 25% of the population has one copy of this gene. This doubles the risk of developing Alzheimer's disease. If you have two copies of it, that increases your risk of developing it tenfold. That is, double means 200%. Weakness means that the risk becomes twice as high. Yes. 200%. And ten times means 1000%. correct. Basically, it's very bad. But it is not inevitable that you will develop Alzheimer's disease if you carry those genes. You can do things in your lifestyle to turn the tide. So that you do not get this disease, through various lifestyle factors such as good sleep, exercise , avoiding alcohol and smoking, and not gaining weight and obesity. These factors affect your risk of developing Alzheimer's. Most importantly , if you have one of these genes, you should be very aware of these things, because your lifestyle becomes more important compared to those who do not carry those genes. You can get tested to find out if you carry these genes. Yes. Yes. There is a wide variety of genetic testing services that can be performed. Almost all services available on the market, such as "Ancestry DNA". I mean, depending on where you live, there are many places that will be conducting this test. I would be terrified if I discovered that I carried two copies of these genes . Having two copies of them is less common, as it was mentioned that 25% of the population has them. It is usually a single allele. Alcohol can essentially increase your risk of Alzheimer's disease significantly if you have one of these genes. I believe there is really no safe amount of alcohol that can be consumed by people with APOE4 if you are concerned about dementia and Alzheimer's disease. The other issue is sports that involve physical contact and painful brain injuries. People who have either one or two copies of the APOE4 gene, if they experience a traumatic brain injury (TBI), whether they play American football, soccer, mixed martial arts, boxing, or whatever , we are talking about a risk of up to ten times greater than the risk of developing the disease when injured, because people who carry these genes do not repair the damage as well . Therefore, it affects their brains' ability to repair damage. This is a very important point that must also be taken into consideration. So let's return to the simple things we can do to improve our cognitive performance as we age, things simpler than doing high-intensity endurance training. There are actually quite a few of them. First and foremost , what I love most is simple multivitamins. The reason I like this is because I don't know. About 10 years ago, there was a huge study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine entitled "Enough is Enough". Multivitamins are not only useless, but harmful, and she has been looking at a variety of studies and arguing that multivitamins are just expensive urine . You are actually not doing anything. In fact, if you take multivitamins, you may increase your risk of developing the disease. That study was very bad. Ten years ago, I analyzed and dismantled it piece by piece. But we are here after 10 years. Three large clinical trials were conducted . These are randomized controlled trials in which older adults were given either multivitamins, and this was just a regular multivitamin such as Centrum Silver, or they were given a placebo, and they were given this for two years. What three different studies have shown is that improved cognition, processing speed, and so- called episodic memory. Any type of memory in which you remember experiences and can recall events, and things like that. Not only did it improve it , but it improved it to such an extent that it is equivalent to reducing episodic memory aging by 5 years. So, a simple multivitamin, and why is this important? Because you know that contain a variety of these vitamins and minerals that we don't get from our diet, and they are important for everything. For metabolism, for the way our neurotransmitters work, and to reduce the damage caused by, you know, oxidative stress, right ? So, a simple multivitamin, how much easier is it than taking a simple multivitamin? The truth is that we are talking about a controlled random experiment. This explains why, doesn't it ? This is not just a connection. This shows that you have been taking a multivitamin for a few years and it has improved your cognition more than a placebo. So, I think this is incredible and it's one of the examples I love. But, um, delving deeper into some of the nutrients, that's an area, you know, that I started in as a scientist. I actually started as a chemist. But when I first entered the field of biology, I was working in an aging laboratory and studying aging. It was interesting to me because basically with my own experiments and with my own hands I could manipulate these little worms. It is called "C. elegans" and its entire genome was sequenced at that time, which was in the early 21st century. They have many genes that are similar to humans. This is called symmetry. One of these genes is the insulin signaling pathway and the IGF-1 pathway. Therefore, insulin signaling would be something activated by glucose. You eat a lot of sugar, don't you ? I can take these worms and I can genetically reduce their insulin signals . So, if you think about it in parallel, it would be, well, we wo n't eat too much sugar, will we? We will not be activating this route much. Hmm. And I can do that with this worm, which has an average lifespan of about 15 days, and I can extend its average lifespan to 30 days, right? So you're increasing her average lifespan by almost 100%, you know. Isn't that so? Well, not only did she live longer, but she was healthier and younger, and you can see that visually. They were moving and they were just young worms. So I was really excited about this, you know, in my twenties because I was like, "Wow, this is so relevant. We have this gene and we know the lifestyle factors that affect it , right? Sugar." So the bottom line for me is that lifestyle matters, you know? Yes, genetics may one day be available to reduce insulin signals. But I was looking for the present, not the technology of the future. For me, it was amazing; I don't want my insulin signaling pathway to be constantly activated. Look, for example, at what happens to these worms if you reduce that pathway. I mean, it's amazing. She looks young and lives longer. So I started to take an interest in diet and lifestyle out of curiosity and by reading scientific references, and I found studies by my teacher, Dr. Bruce Ames, showing that not getting enough such as folate, has negative effects. Folate is found in dark leafy green vegetables such as kale. As you know, if you reduce your folate intake and become deficient, it actually causes double breaks in the DNA strand, which is similar to exposure to ionizing radiation. That experiment was conducted; You could take a mouse and reduce the folate content in its food , then take another mouse and expose it to an ionizing radiation device ; You will find that the amount of double-strand breaks in DNA, which cause cancer, accelerate aging and affect all the functions of your cells, was identical. So it was really surprising. Not getting a certain nutrient in your diet is like standing under a radiation machine. Ionizing radiation. No one wants to stand under an ionizing radiation device, but no one thinks that your diet might be doing the same thing. And so I began to delve into much of Bruce's research at that time. Anyone in the scientific field knows Dr. Bruce Ames very well. He actually invented the "Ames" test for carcinogens. This was essentially a cheap way to search for and identify carcinogens. Then he moved into the field of nutrition when he began to discover that a deficiency in elements such as folate acts exactly like carcinogens. Ionizing radiation is considered a carcinogenic substance. Then it began to expand to include other nutrients such as magnesium and B vitamins. But the moment of realization for me was that micronutrients, these vitamins and minerals, affect the way we age and our health in the same way as toxic things we worry about, like ionizing radiation. And nobody thinks about it from that perspective. I'll give you an example. Vitamin D, I've talked about dementia, and what will help prevent it . Vitamin D is actually more than just a vitamin. Vitamin D is converted into a steroid hormone. So, basically, the steroid hormone gets into the cell nucleus where your DNA is located, and it activates or deactivates the genes. It affects your genome, and in fact, more than 5% of your genome is affected by vitamin D. Why is this important? Because 70% of the US population has insufficient levels of vitamin D. The reason for this is that vitamin D3 is made in the skin from ultraviolet sunlight. So, if you 're not outdoors, you're not producing much vitamin D3 in your skin. Then vitamin D3 is converted into this steroid hormone that regulates everything, right? In our modern society, as you know, we spend all our time indoors. We are working. We don't go outside . Even if you do get out, there are many other factors that affect that. Anything that blocks ultraviolet rays prevents your body from making vitamin D3. Like sunscreen, right? This is a major factor. Melanin, that dark pigment that acts as a natural sunscreen. Then latitude, depending on where you live as well. So, for a good number of months of the year, if you are in a northern latitude such as England, Wales, Chicago, or Sweden, ultraviolet rays do not even reach the atmosphere for several months of the year. Combine that with sunscreen or melanin, and you'll face a disaster, won't you ? In fact, there was a study from the University of Chicago that looked at the abilities of African Americans and Caucasians. That is, people with white skin. Yes, exactly. Their ability to make vitamin D3 from ultraviolet rays. From the sun. Yes. As I mentioned, melanin is a natural sunscreen. And people who are of African, South American, or Southeast Asian descent, right? People who live near the equator usually have more melanin. It is an adaptation to prevent you from getting sunburned from the sun's ultraviolet rays. Well, this University of Chicago study found that African Americans need to stay in the sun six to ten times longer than fair-skinned, Caucasian people to make the same amount of vitamin D3. As a result , if you take someone who looks like you , well, you have a little bit of mixed melanin. Very few. Yes, you have a slightly higher percentage of melanin. But let's suppose you took someone who, you know, has something like my mother; she's Nigerian. Good. Who is your mother? Yes. Nigerian. Let's say your mother moved to Chicago, right? Well, you moved to damn England or you moved to England , didn't you? exactly. Here you are talking about a recipe for disaster in terms of vitamin D, because not only do you not produce it for several months of the year, I forget exactly how many months, maybe four or five or so, since ultraviolet (UVB) rays don't even reach the atmosphere, yet you have this natural sunscreen. What are the consequences of this in terms of symptoms? Well, it's not so sharp that you look in the mirror and say, 'So what's the reason, then, in terms of what's right?' correct. Yes. The reason I say this is that people always think, well, I'm not getting vitamin C and I have scurvy, and you can look in the mirror and see your gums are eroding. correct. This is easy to identify. Vitamin D deficiency is more subtle and insidious. It's a type of damage that accumulates over time. It's something that isn't very noticeable, or maybe you feel lethargic or don't have enough energy, things like that, but you don't really know why . Therefore, vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency have severe effects; If the deficiency is severe, it may cause rickets and bone deformities, especially if it occurs at an early stage of life. But what we know now is that a deficiency or insufficiency of vitamin D can increase the risk of developing dementia by 80%, and this has been proven in multiple studies. The opposite is also true. So, for people who take vitamin D3 supplements, here comes the simple solution, right? So you don't produce it from your skin, but you can take a dietary supplement. People who take vitamin D3 supplements have a 40% lower risk of developing dementia. In other words, they avoid deficiencies, which are very common, and avoiding these deficiencies in turn reduces their risk of developing dementia . In fact, there are studies conducted on people with Alzheimer's disease who were given a vitamin D supplement or a placebo as a control. Those individuals who received a vitamin D supplement experienced improved cognitive abilities. They had lower indicators of amyloid plaques. Therefore, these things were also measured. So, vitamin D performs many functions. It regulates 5% of the human protein-coding genome. If I want to increase my chances of developing dementia, I should avoid the sun. I must avoid vitamin D, drinking alcohol, smoking, inactivity , and sleeping very poorly. Yes. He consumed a lot of refined sugar. Okay Yes. Yes. exactly. Good. exactly . Now, you might be wondering: "Okay, how much vitamin D is needed?" Isn't that so? I'm talking about deficiencies and inadequacies, and you really want to get a blood test to find out your levels. I have conducted over 30 studies that have looked at vitamin D levels and all- cause mortality rates. This means, once again, death due to a variety of different diseases: cardiovascular diseases respiratory diseases, and cancer. People with blood levels of vitamin D between 40 and 60 and possibly 80 nanograms per milliliter have the lowest all-cause mortality rate . Therefore, these people are not in a state of deficiency or inadequacy. Inadequate conditions occur at approximately 30 nanograms per milliliter. Anything below that is considered a deficiency at a level of 20 nanograms per milliliter or less. Therefore, there have been a variety of studies that have looked at, for example, the brain, the aging brain, and vitamin D levels. It has been shown that for every 10 nanomoles per liter decrease in blood vitamin D levels, there is an increase in brain damage. It is called " white matter hyperdensity"; It is essentially damage to the white matter in your brain. The white matter in your brain is myelin; It is the way your brain communicates, and how electrical impulses travel to enable you to think, speak, and so on. exactly. Okay . I haven't had one today, so I feel like you've convinced me. Most people with a deficiency can raise their blood levels to a normal, adequate level with about 4,000 IU of vitamin D per day. This has been multiple studies. It's not difficult to eat. In fact, vitamin D supplements are probably the cheapest supplements available. It costs about 10 cents per disc . When I talked about it, I was really surprised to hear that it contains chemicals that protect against cancer. Then I looked at some research, which completely confirms what I said, that things like cabbage, broccoli, and Brussels sprouts are associated with a reduction in breast, prostate, lung, and colon and rectal cancer. According to the World Cancer Research Fund and PubMed, most of us don't eat enough of these foods because they don't taste the best. She also spoke about sugar. This makes me think about the diet I'm currently following, the keto diet, and whether it's an ideal diet in terms of all the things we 've discussed previously , such as dementia, longevity, and aging. What is your opinion on the keto diet? I think there is an extreme keto diet , like the classic keto diet, and there are modified types of low-carb keto diets that allow... I mean, yes, these are leafy green vegetables that contain carbohydrates , but are high in fiber and low in glycemic index. Thus, you can actually eat leafy green vegetables on the keto diet and remain in a state of ketosis. Therefore, I am very interested in the keto diet; Because I believe that "beta- hydroxybutyrate," the main circulating ketone body produced when you are in ketosis, is just as beneficial as lactate. It can actually do a lot of what lactate does. It reaches the brain and is a source of energy that nerve cells can easily use. These are ketones, which are what your body makes when you abstain from eating and sugars. Yes. The body eventually transitions into a state of ketosis where you function and rely on ketones for energy. Yes. This is what you measure when you prick your finger; you measure "beta- hydroxybutyrate". It is the main circulating object that you are measuring. It is actually a signaling molecule. It activates the brain- derived neurotrophic factor . So it's very interesting ; Because it's similar to having lactate constantly in your body . Therefore, I am keto diet, especially for people who respond well to it. I mean, some people have very high triglycerides , and their cholesterol is very high, and there is individual variation in how each person responds. So it's always a good idea to measure everything to make sure you're responding well to the keto diet, or perhaps do it periodically. I have been very interested in applying it periodically for its benefits to the brain due to "beta- hydroxybutyrate", as it is very beneficial to the brain. As you know, it has been shown that "beta- hydroxybutyrate"...what happens is that when this ketone such as "beta- hydroxybutyrate" reaches the brain, it can be used as energy instead of glucose. I feel we need to take a step back and explain what keto is to a listener who may not have heard of it or understood it before. And I know that a large percentage of people don't know what it is , because I spend a lot of time at dinner parties trying to talk about it. It is truly surprising to me that the average person does not actually know what " keto" or " ketotic state" is. So, I think this is great. Yes, we can talk about the ketogenic state. Um, basically if we take a broad overview without going into technical details, yes, I would say the best way to understand ketosis is that your body is using fatty acids for energy and not a lot of glucose. You will still use a little glucose. You need to use glucose because your red blood cells , for example, do not contain mitochondria. It needs glucose. But mostly you use fatty acids for energy, which are produced by their release from fat stored in adipose tissue, which is like my belly, which is like your belly, visceral fat, um, subcutaneous fat. This looks great. My body will burn fat instead of burning, you know, the glucose I got from eating bread or something like that . So I will become thin. People do lose weight when following the keto diet. My father has lost a lot of weight. It's unbelievable. It's shocking when following the keto diet. Okay . It's crazy. He was a rather large man, if I may say so. With a very large belly. He sent me a screenshot that day, a few months after I started following the keto diet. He weighed 13 " stones" (about 82 kg). This is the first time ever that he has reached this weight since he was a teenager. It now weighs 13 "stone". So he lost the equivalent of about four or five "stones" ( about 25-30 kg) of his weight within a few months. He looks completely different now. I'm not necessarily saying you have to stick to this diet forever, but the speed at which one can lose weight on the keto diet is amazing, is n't it? And you, basically, the food you eat is mostly fat, right? So, you're not just using the fat your body has already stored, you're also feeding yourself . You're feeding yourself more fat, aren't you ? So you are using fats primarily as energy. Through a whole range of biochemical reactions , ketone bodies are produced as a byproduct. It doesn't have to be limited to the keto diet only. when you fast, you enter a state of ketosis, right? Because if you think about it, you're not giving yourself food. Instead, you rely on what your body already has as a source of energy. And you only have a limited amount of glucose stored as glycogen in your liver, right? After about 12 hours of not eating—with individual variations—your glycogen stores run out , and you then begin to switch to the process of fat breakdown. So, fasting is another way to reach the ketogenic state. Another method is to engage in intensive exercise. Endurance athletes who engage in long- term training can also enter a state of ketosis, can't they ? Because they deplete their glycogen stores more quickly, and they also consume all the energy they have been supplied with due to the intensity of the exercise. Long-term exercise. You can also combine these things, can't you ? You can do endurance exercises while following a ketogenic diet, and thus you can enter ketosis more quickly. Is it like a switch? There is something called metabolic flexibility, which means your body's ability to switch between burning glucose for energy and using fatty acids to produce ketones . The more you practice the keto diet , or exercise frequently, or fast , or what is called time-restricted eating. Let's assume you eat your food within eight hours, then fast for 16 hours. Your body gets used to switching to fatty acid metabolism for use as an energy source. And thus you become metabolically flexible . However, not everyone can do that, because most people think they eat their food within 12 hours. But studies have shown that they actually eat over a period of 15 to 16 hours, not even 12 hours. And certainly not within 8 or 10 hours. So, as I mentioned, it takes about 12 hours on average to deplete all glycogen levels. You can speed that up if you do a lot of physical activity, but once your liver glycogen is depleted, you start burning fatty acids and eventually reach a ketogenic state, okay.

- Can a keto diet eliminate cancer growth? Dr. Thomas Seyfried says yes: Kind: captions Language: en So can you starve the tumor cell of their fermentable fuels and kill them? And the answer is absolutely. It's an elegant, beautiful system. And when it's done it, you can't believe how well it works. Problem is Sanjay. Nobody is doing that. Welcome to Target Cancer Podcast. My name is Dr. Sanjay Juneja, I'm an oncologist known as the @theoncdoc on social media, and today I'm very excited to have Dr. Thomas Seyfried, who is basically a wizard when it comes to metabolic stuff. And what does that mean? All this stuff that you hear about, are there amino acids we can basically starve cancers with? Or what does it do to have a, like a keto diet? And does that help? He's got over 150 publications. He's extremely respected in the metabolic world, and we're just so excited to have you. So thank you for being here, Dr. Seyfried. Thank you very much for having me on your program here. Of course. So I'm just gonna get straight to it, usually. The first question I get on social media where people really passionate, right? And caring about either themselves with their cancer or especially with a loved one. Ask the question, can I starve my cancer? And especially with limiting sugar and things like that is true and not, right? We always have to go back to energy. Without energy, nothing can survive or grow. So you say to yourself we breathe air. We exhale CO2, we produce CO2 and water from the foods that we eat. You and I are having a conversation. We're talking obviously there's energy going on somewhere in our brains, in the rest of our body and that allows us to do what we do. Now, if you and I were to take a cup of cyanide and we would both drink it together, neither of us would have much energy. We would both fall and collapse right in front of the screens. Hey, let me put it another way. If you and I both had tumors growing in our body, And we were both drinking the cyanide together. And someone would say, whoa, what a catastrophe. These two guys that think they know what they're doing just killed themselves, but they had cancer. So we're gonna take the tumor out and we're gonna look at it, and the tumor cells would be fine. The cyanide would not kill the tumor cells. We say, whoa, what's going on? How is it possible that the cyanide killed these folks but it didn't kill their tumor? And the answer is, the tumor doesn't use en oxygen for energy. It uses fermentation for energy. So Warburg did those experiments years ago, given rats that had tumors, cyanide, and the rat died, but not the tumor and the, and it was clear evidence that the tumors are not using oxygen for their survival. So what are they? What are they living on? How are they growing and alive? If they're not using oxygen, and it turns out that they use fermentation, so that fermentation is a form of energy that bipo bypasses oxygen. So that's interesting. They're fermenting, huh? What are the fuels that are driving their fermentation metabolism? What are they using? And it's glucose. The sugar. Glucose and the amino acid glutamine. And those are the two fermentable fuels that allow cell cancer cells to grow. So what the answer to your question is, yes, cancer cells live they and can you starve them? Okay? So if we know they're fermenting and we know that they can't live without fermentable fuels and you know that they're only two fermentable fuels that are keeping them alive, then you target and take those two fermentable fuels away. And they die. And then your question is if that's so simple, how come no one's doing it? And the answer is because everybody thinks cancer's a genetic disease. They're not thinking about what's keeping the cells alive. It's.. Right. It's not that complicated. So interesting. When you say, it's, it, this applies to really any kind of neoplastic tumor or is it just for some in particular? I went through all the major cancers. I spent a lot of time in our, my eye science paper, and I looked at every one of the major cancers. But you have to go back and look at electron microscopy and you have to look at biochemistry and you have to ask what is the, do the mitochondria number and function and structure look normal or not? And every case, not. Respiratory systems, they're all like deficient and all these kinds of things. So what I just described to you would be common to all the major cancers that we know of. Is it possible that the fermentation process is something that is physiologically adapted? Once you've broken a threshold of no longer being able to meet the requirements of proliferation and growth in a plastic, traditional, non neoplastic cancer cell way, as in the stuff that we are used to, blood flow and oxygen, is it something that possibly, is taking place in the environment of injury, which is why they'd say, okay, now we need to propagate a different mechanism. Or do you think it was something that originated early on into the pathogenesis, was that almost a required tool to even permit it to become into something that ends up being neoplastic or cancerous? Yeah. That goes back to the how you get how does this process happen in the first place? What is responsible for the dependency on fermentation? Because as Otto Warburg said, you can never get a cancer cell that cannot transition from respiration to fermentation. And the evidence for that is we rarely, if ever see neoplastic cells in neurons of the brain they just simply cannot sustain they cannot replace oxidative phosphorylation with fermentation. You see it in glial cells, of course. Which those cells can, we don't see cancers of cardiac muscle, rarely of skeletal muscle, because those kinds of cells cannot they can't, they'll die without oxid oxidative phosphorylation. Oh. So that, that observation in of itself prompts the, the thing like why is that the case and supports, exactly what you're saying. What are some of the things that. If you do deprive it of fermentation, would take injury. Obviously we've just said unlikely, the central nervous neurons and cardiac tissue, but is there something that may take an insult that's not cancerous in your body if you've deprived those things? Oh, sure. If you go and try to knock out glucose and glutamine fermentation by itself yeah, you're gonna harm the rest of the body. However, what we do with the cancer patients, As we transition their whole body over to a ketotic state ketosis. So all the normal cells of the body, brain, cells, liver, cell, they all can burn fatty acids or ketone bodies. Once the patient is in therapeutic ketosis. Then you can lower blood sugars down to mi very, extremely low levels. 0.5, millimole, nine milligrams per deciliter. You can push blood sugars down to incredibly low levels but as, but the brain and the rest of the cells are protected because they can burn fatty acids and ketones and going back to fermentation, fatty acids and ketones bodies are non fermentable. They cannot be fermented, so they become non-fuel for the tumor cell. So obviously the answer to your question is yes, you can damage the body if you just simply target glucose and glutamine without first transitioning the body over to ketones. Once you do that, then the rest of the body is totally protected and the cancer cells become marginalized and killed off without harming the rest of the body. And why is it that they can't use when you go into ketosis, why they are unable to use those to, to we know? You need a good mitochondria to burn ketones and fatty acids. You need a good oxidative phosphorylation system. And the common phenotype of all major cancers is deficiency of oxidative phosphorylation. So it's, and from the structure in evolutionary biology structure determines function. That's why when you look at the electron microscope and ghost mitochondria, no Crista, dys, dysmorphic, mitochondria, they're not gonna be able to generate energy through oxidative phosphor phosphorylation. They're gonna have to be de dependent on fermentation. Very simple. Not complicated. We pardon this interruption real quick. If you're enjoying this podcast or find it valuable for what we discussed and the education and how people see and think about cancer in general, we would very much appreciate a subscribe, and especially a share so we can bring that information as maximally and broadly as possible. Thank you so much for listening. So this is just, me thinking out loud, but when we use these things called for the, for people listening like VEGF inhibitors or endothelial or vascular. Basically growth factors where tumors are like, ooh, like especially the kind of juicier tumors that want blood flow, like renal cell carcinomas and cholangio and liver. Like a lot of that, a lot of those lung even want to be able to recruit blood vessels. Does that further inhibit the tumors, ability and do you use them concurrently at all or does that. How is, why is that, why does that work in these cancers? If it doesn't work, it doesn't work. That's why they threw out all the anti-angiogenic drugs. Even Napoleone Ferrara who said, who was developed one of these says, this stuff doesn't work. Cancer cell doesn't need all that stuff. And don't forget Angiogenes, a downstream effect of damage to oxidative phosphorylation. So when the cell can't res respir HIF-1alpha, which is a powerful transcription factor turns on glycolysis and runs vascular endothelial growth factor. So all that stuff is downstream. You don't have, that's why Avastin and all these crazy things that a people are using, they don't work. They don't work because the damn tumor cell doesn't need it, as long as it, it has in the microenvironment the necessary fuels. And that's why when you give brain cancer to a, I told, it's like malpractice that beat treats somebody with Avastin. And what it does is it forces the cells out into this. Into the neural parenchyma. You can't see them on PET scans or MRI, CAT scan or anything like this. Those damn cells can, and they're also phagocytic. So you gotta know that they can eat engulf stuff from the microenvironment, get glucose and glutamine from the microenvironment. Even if you, if even if you try to stop the blood vessels and things like this. None of that stuff works, man. You gotta realize, how do you know that we got 1600, over 1600 people a day dying and. Dying from cancer. So obviously all that stuff is not working and it doesn't work because it's not focused on the essential proc issue that we're dealing with fermentation. They don't, they definitely don't like necessarily cure cancers, but at least for renal cells, we really have two groups that are seemingly more immune sensitive and more, and that's, so we use a lot of the TKIs now in combination or without, with immunotherapy in that setting. But you're correct. Eventually there's a statute of, expiration there where it's no longer usually effective. So very interesting. And so that is a way that, it's almost like an agnostic treatment, tissue agnostic in the sense that we've said before where what I'm hearing is it doesn't matter what the origin or the histopathology to some degree is on where it originated. But really it's just a matter of, is it this neoplastic thing that had to really know to exist without being able to use its mitochondria functionally, and therefore wherever it is, wherever it originated. It sounds like you have a high, degree of success. I guess if that's the right term. Just by putting yourself into that state. I think you have to recognize that we can use diets to reduce glucose but we can't use diets to reduce glutamine. And glutamine is an essential amino acid for the tumor cell. In fact, they call it a non-essential amino acid. But really it's quite essential for our immune system, for our gut health for the urea cycle. We need glutamine and glutamine is abundant. It's the most abundant amino acid in our body. So we have a situation here where our normal cells of the immune system need. The same fuel used, the same fuel that the neoplastic tumor cell uses. So we have to, that's why we developed the press pulse strategy for managing cancer. You can press glucose down consistently because you're transitioned over to ketones. So we eliminate the glucose issue, but we pulse drug, we use drugs to pulse glutamine because if we're too aggressive, In targeting glutamine, we compromise our own immune system in its ability to pick up the dead cancer cells after you kill them, otherwise leading to infections and other kinds of adverse effects. So we use small doses of glutamine targeting Once the patient is in therapeutic ketosis, so we put 'em on just for a short time, dosage, timing, and scheduling, and then we pull 'em off and let the immune system and the gut and everything come back to a normalcy. But you've already slaughtered a significant number of tumor cells, and then the immune system, the, our immune cells aren't killed by de deprivation of glutamine. They're just stunned. They're alive, but they're just like paralyzed. But once you pull the glutamine drug back off our immune system reactivates and goes in and picks up the dead corpses and we have to have a time period. While this process is taking place, and of course when you add the glutamine back or don't remove the drug you will get the rescue of some of the tumor cells that might be there, but they're not coming back very fast because you got the choke hold on, on the glucose. So they're there, but they're growing extremely slowly. And then once our immune system comes back recovers itself from the small dose of glutamine inhibitor then we hit 'em again. With another small dose of glutamine inhibitor, and we slowly degrade the tumor while the rest of the cells in the body are generating an excessive efficiency in health. So we're, the rest of the cells in the body are getting super healthy while you're degrading, slowly degrading the tumor cells that are absolutely dependent on fermentation metabolism. And when it's done It. You can't believe how well it works. I think that the first time I heard about it on a clinical setting was Dr. Siddhartha Mukherjee. I think he's got a new project he's working on for pancreatic cancer. I think more particularly for that, the glutamine, metabolic, starvation process. But gosh, that is really almost like getting goosebumps as a traditional, obviously medical oncologist. It, it makes sense on a cellular level and I'm just like, part of me just wants to believe. If it's really fast replicating shouldn't we sprinkle a little, cytotoxic chemotherapy just to accelerate the replication process? You can do that. Our colleagues in Turkey do that ul. They use the lowest possible doses of chemo that's allowable by the profession, right? So you're not so you're not out of compliance. And once the body is in nutritional ketosis, these chemo drugs also you can use minor very minimal dosages, and it just slaughters these tumor cells and you've reduced the level of toxicity. My view is I'm not a against that because I have seen spectacular recoveries of some people doing this kind of a strategy. But, why would we ever want to put any level of toxic material into our body when we really don't have to? I'm not opposed to people who say, let me use the lowest doses of chemo once I get my patient into a nutritional state of ketosis. Because the toxicity levels are significantly reduced and the therapeutic benefits are massively high. So this is why when we used our glutamine inhibitor 6-diazo-5-oxo-l-norleucine, which was considered too toxic when it was used by itself with not targeting glucose. Oh, it's toxic, but it's never been as toxic as cisplatin, carboplatin, lustine, and all these horrible drugs. But once you put the patient in ketosis you can use very small, tiny doses of this stuff, and it's just like a whack man. You just swack those tumor cells because you, they don't, they're so vulnerable now. They're just like on the precipice, survival. And you hit 'em with another little bit of a dumb, boom they're gone. The brittle. Wow. Yeah, they're very susceptible. But you gotta put the body in the right state before you can use this kind of stuff. You just can't go in there like a bull in a china shop. You really need to know. The strategy of what we're talking about. So it's a graded process. Why we developed the press pulse therapeutic strategy for managing cancer. It's a process and you have to know how to use the tool, the tools to you have are diet and drugs used in the appropriate way. So you can't use glutamine inhibitor by itself. You can't use glucose inhibitor by itself. You can't use the diet by itself, most of the time. You have to put the package together and know how all the components fit together so you have powerful synergy without toxicity. And in what sequence. And that's, I think we, the. Dosage, timing and schedule. This is where we are right now. We're perfecting dosage, timing, and scheduling in our preclinical systems, and then we translate it directly into the patients with my colleagues who have clinics that can do all this. That's amazing. It's a work in progress. We have a very singular goal. How long can we keep stage four cancer patients regardless of what. Where, what or tissue of origin, how long can we keep them alive with a high quality of life? If they die at 98 years old when they had cancer at 38 years old, they were obviously cured with no recurrence. But you can't know that. When you say, oh, you can cure, I don't know if I can cure cancer. All I know is we.. All I know is if you can live far longer than you were expected to live with a higher quality of life, that's good in itself. And if you live to be 90 because you manage this when you were 30, then then you can consider yourself very fortunate. But the goal is, how do we keep cancer paid? All these guys, oh, stage four, lung, brain, colon, and they're all out. Many of them are out there doing well. Are they cured? I have no idea. But they're still alive longer than they would've been predicted to me. That is something else. So I'm sure a lot of people are thinking this and myself included. Is it conceivably correct if somebody said, if they are constantly in a state of ketosis, the likelihood of having a neoplastic or cancerous population of cells spawn in a constantly ketosis state is low. Yes, absolutely. And how do we know that? We know that from historical records and aboriginal peoples, and we know that from our closest relative the chimpanzee, which are gene, he's, the chimps are 98% similar to us in gene and protein sequences. And the aboriginal. Tribes that existed have been examined at length. The Inuits from the Alaska and Canada regions, the African tribes, the rainforest people, the ab Australian Aborigines. These folks never had cancer. And they're always in a semi-state of ketosis because they're natural diets are very low in carbohydrates. So when you're very low in carbohydrates and you have a significant amount of exercise, you're always in a low state of ketosis. You might have two you might have 0.5. Millimolar ketones circulating your blood glucoses are low and it's very hard to generate a cancer if you have a very healthy mitochondria. The only way you can get cancer is damage to the oxidative phosphorylation in the mitochondria. So whether that comes from drugs, diets, or whatever. If you're in a state of ketosis, you're enhancing the health and vitality of your mitochondria. It makes it very rare. That's why Albert Schweitzer, the great humanitarian physician, looked at 40,000 people in the African. He never saw cancer in any of these patients. So he said, wait, no. What's going on? Why these Africans don't get cancer? Why the Inuits never? Now the problem is the Inuits are loaded with cancer type two diabetes, cardio cardiovascular disease. As soon as the western diet comes in high, highly processed carbohydrate foods, put your in a state of inflammation. Inflammation damages, respiration. So chronic inflammation can damage respiration in a population of cells in some tissue. Eliciting cancer. We have an obesity epidemic. In fact, obesity is now replacing smoking as the number, a number one risk factor for So what's going on with all that? Diet and lifestyle. It's all diet and lifestyle. You're not exercising, you're eating horrible foods, putting yourself in obesity, inflammation and that puts you at risk for all kinds of different cancers. And you're saying the inflammation, when I always said it, Basically invites chances of error and inflammation obviously decreases your good immune cells to be able to clear an area. You're saying in addition to that, if not, almost most importantly it's that inflammation allows an environment for the mitochondrial injury or dysfunction to occur. And then what hap then what happens? So you put.. That's a chronic, it's chronic, it doesn't happen overnight, obviously, right? It takes sometimes years. For that constant inflammatory insult, whether it's intermittent hypoxia, chronic inflammation, all these, and then you combine that with some low dose of carcinogens that might be in your body, and you put all that together. And then gradually ox oxidative phosphorylation is replaced by fermentation. During that process and when the oxphos becomes dysfunctional, it throws out reactive oxygen species. ROS. ROS are carcinogenic and mutagenic. So the mutations that you see in the nucleus, all those somatic mutations are all downstream effects of the ROS produced by the damage chronically injured mitochondria. So the cancer field, for the most part, are chasing the tail. They're chasing effects. They're not focusing on the real issue. So you're looking at how many different kinds of somatic mutations people have in their different cancers, which is largely irrelevant. All that stuff is largely irrelevant. The National Cancer Institute says cancer is a genetic disease and nothing could be further from the truth. It's not a genetic, it's a metabolic disease. So why is everybody focusing on all these crazy mutations when they're all downstream effects? You don't get the mutations until the mitochondria become defect dysfunctional. So you put carcinogen, you can see the mitochondria become damaged. They bio luminesce actually, and you can see them throwing out ROS already. So it's a staged chronic process. It's very hard for the human body to get cancer. You can't believe how tough it is to get. We evolved to be completely resistant to cancer. So in order for us to get cancer, you have to have a long-term self-abuse of your body by exposure to all these kinds of things. Because the aboriginal tribes and the chimpanzees tell us how hard it is to get cancer. It's, it's just, yeah. It's hard to, we're just so deviated from our stuff, it's just wow. It's so interesting hearing you say that is interesting in a sense that I always say when people ask, frequently, What can I do to reduce my chance of cancer and what causes cancer? And I basically spit a rally off a line of things and I'm like, basically the same stuff that they recommend to do for cardiovascular health and to not do for cardiovascular health. They pretty much like overlap entirely. Am I hearing that? Possibly because of what's called, when we say vasculopathy or basically inflamed arterial If you smoke, if you have diabetes, gly oscillation, all the stuff that makes maybe impaired vascular flow. Is that in some way a super imposition of why people get cancers? Because the delivery of oxygen and then the increase of ROS. Are the things that are propagating or inviting cancers, is that a fair statement? Yes. That's crazy. I think it's very fair. It's a very fair statement. And so that is why there's such an overlap, is because of the mitochondrial injury that occurs to the impaired, blood flow because of, again, diabetes, smoking, lack of cardiovascular health. So what when you said, processed foods, obviously I spent that off on the list as well as one of the reasons that can cause cancer. But say somebody was keto. But ate processed foods, like what is it about the processed part itself that invites the mitochondrial injury? Which you're saying is the, like you're saying, it is an absolute necessity, correct? To turn into a neoplastic, cancerous, malignant cell. Like you have to have that is like the limiting reagent. Okay. So yeah. That's the origin. That's the origin of cancer. And so. This damage to oxid, chronic damage to oxidative phosphorylation is the origin of cancer, which can happen by any number of provocative agents. What, when you say highly processed, what is highly process? So the issue, of course, is that these are foods that are high in glucose, high in sugar, and they have no nutritional value. They're with minimal nutritional value, but high in sugar. Now, don't forget, we evolved. As a strave species, our whole existence on the planet has been trying to survive famine, trying to... we move around. We, we had to bring tools with us to to get the food that, that we needed. Our physiology and our genome is ultimately driven to store energy. Because we're always starving now, we put ourselves. Within the last 50, 7500 years into a state of massive amounts of carbohydrates that have no nutritional value. And that puts, that again, causes your inflammation, your obesity, your type two diabetes, your cardiovascular disease. So you're absolutely right, Sanjay. This is all part of a continuum. And when we. In our metabolic approach to cancer management and the folks that are following our instructions, many of these folks come in with cardiovascular disease, type two diabetes, hypertension, and all these other kinds of things. And by the way, that all goes away along with their cancer. You're talking about a very dangerous situation here. You're talking and point in fact was the recent paper that came out on the Mediterranean Diet, reducing cancer, dementia and cardiovascular And it's not the Mediterranean diet, it's the absence of highly processed carbohydrate foods, which are not part of the Mediterranean diet. And all of those not. So it's not the olive oils and all that stuff as much? No. It's the absence of the highly processed carbohydrates. You wanna neutralize a Mediterranean diet, go out and eat a big subway sandwich or a eat a couple of dunking Donuts and you can neutralize all the therapeutic benefits of a Mediterranean diet real quick. That's too funny. And it's so true. Cause. Again, it's just why is it a coincidence that it's always the stuff that helps, reduce chances of heart attacks and strokes and they have good cardiovascular health. Oh, and also they have like less cancer like, like I love that we're actually really somewhat pegging. Bro, it's not just a coincidence there's a reason. Those things almost always, yeah. Align or superimposed, I'll tell you, nobody really cares. Unless it's really pointed out like I just did, and I tell you why, nobody cares because we have an obesity epidemic. If people really cared about preventing cancer, we would not have an obesity epidemic. That's hard. I, you know what I think is just, Those things are so distant. Like the concerns, which is, which hopefully things like this and hearing this, I'm more motivated right now to be healthier and eat less, less processed foods, than I've been probably in a long time, like just hearing all this. Cuz now when you understand and hear it, you're just like, I feel like. Again, that's why we're doing this, is that it makes you now empowered instead of hearing oh, your risk will be higher. It's this is what's happening. This is where you have the, potential for mitochondrial damage. This is why this is your arteries getting all clogged up from X, Y, and Z, and then all these sugars or whatever. Now it's No, I'm doubting my lunch now. But the other, the problem is, of course, we have fast food stores on almost every corner in every place in the United States. It's so convenient and not only that, we're saying, wow, geez, do you ever eat this stuff? Do you ever eat that subway sandwich? It's absolutely delicious. It's, you ever have McDonald's hamburgers? I. All right. This stuff is like so good. A Taco Bell. Are you kidding me? Papa John's Pizza. These things are really tasty. They've been designed to make you want to eat this stuff. They should put a skull and crossbones on a lot of that stuff, just to let you know every now and then you shouldn't. Just if you do it all the time, I'm not saying we should purge our society of this stuff because I enjoy it myself too, occasionally. But the problem is I think so many folks in our society are just like, they don't know. That if you do that, if you're not, if you're eating poorly processed, and it's not only that, it's our lifestyle. We're not as active as we were. Those aboriginal tribes that I spoke about. Those guys are out working in the fields. They're doing stuff all the time. They're not sitting in traffic listening to the books on tape or sitting in front of a computer, chowing down a big blueberry muffin. It's our, it's a combination of the foods that we eat, the lack of exercise, the mental and emotional stress that we have in the society. All of these things impact together to damage the mitochondria in some population of cells in some tissue, putting you at risk for either diabetes, cancer, dementia, let's go on to dementia thing. It's all part of the same process. And we're paying the price. We're paying the price for tasty foods and convenience. And that. That people need to know. And it's a it's almost like it's not our fault because we were made to ha like a pension for those things because we needed to know when we were, absent brained and stumbled across some whatever on the field. Like we needed to know that this was a high calorie thing so that we wanted more of it. So it's like a bottleneck effect over evolution. That's now. We.. That's why they say with intelligence and greatness comes demise potentially or concerned for such. We're still stuck with the things that we needed when we were very ambulatory and desperate. But the availability is of abundant. I like what you said about tying in really the concept of having to move around and be like more physically active. It's not so much that we're saying like, oh, be active to lose weight. We're saying that it's that activity that really, burns things and burns fuels and makes you, I love that angle on explanation, on saying don't just do it to lose weight or be healthy. It's the actual process. And one thing that I remember reading when I used to, be a work, a junky kind of person, was that the best kind of cardiovascular health you could have? And decrease your chance of heart attack and stroke is even less than 60 to 80 minutes of cardio in a day is doing 10 minutes every hour, every other hour of getting your heart rate up. And that goes into that concept of constant burning it up and making you have to break into some of these chains and stuff to that is the thing that, that protects your body, as ideally as regularly as possible. Absolutely. You're... you're making your mitochondria healthy. You're giving them the oxygen they need. You're increasing the blood flow. You're just generally making yourself healthier. I wouldn't Yeah, I agree with you a hundred percent. I don't think it's just to lose weight. I think it's just to keep healthy. Walking swimming, whatever you're capable of doing. Make your body need to make energy. Like at a moment make it dynamic. Make it, we are, yeah, we are very mobile We would cover great distances looking for food. It's, in the paleolithic period of our existence before the cultivation of grains and the development of civilizations. Think about how hard it was to get something to eat. You had to track down some animal. That was oftentimes bigger than you with in team effort and drag its ass back and chop it up and eat it. And there's a lot of energy that goes into this. Imagine, the reward too. And you're gonna, yeah. And then you're gonna gather what a few ripe berries when they're in seasoned and you're gonna gorge yourself on those things, and but that was our, and we survived. We actually survived in these products cuz we learned how to use certain tools. We learned how to kill animals in a better way. Now we can farm them, or they put 'em out on a pasture and stuff like this. But we survived because we have Rick Potts of the of the Smithsonian put it pretty clearly. We have this capability of adjusting to the environment better than most other animal species have, and our genome and our physiology is all geared into survival under extreme conditions. And now we put ourselves in a new environment completely different from the environment we evolved in. And we have all of these chronic, different kinds of chronic diseases, cancer included. So it's not that mysterious when you put everything into the e concept of biological evolution. And that becomes very clear what the situation is. So rather, and then we spend billions of dollars trying to put a bandaid, on type two diabetes, try to put a bandaid on cardiovascular disease and all, and cancer and all these kinds of things when we just have to keep our mitochondria healthy and we won't have to deal with these issues in the first place. Yeah, that was very beautifully said. It's it makes sense on just a macroscopic logic level. The more you like, get distant. From the very cellular and behavioral, adaptations we've made to exist as a human race over hundreds and thousands of years. What the things we had to get selected for the things that died off if they couldn't store their fats well enough or didn't have the taste for fats and said, oh, I don't like fats. You're dead. Because that's that's the thing that's gonna make you like the most likely to live. The fact that we had all of this, it's almost irreverent. And then to say, let's go ahead and now live a life that is very like, Divergent or like distant from exactly what this very, I mean that the sharpest blade that you sharpened. Yeah, no, you're absolutely right. And now you don't even, you can just dri, you don't even have to unask the car. You can just drive up and they hand you the food right through the window. You don't even have to get out of the car. Rather than walking in to get, do a donut or something, oh no, I gotta drive around and wait in this car line, and then some guy of hand comes out of the window. And puts a load of food into your lap. Thomas, I want it in my mouth. I don't want to take the wrapper off, take it off and put it in my mouth. Then they wonder why we have obesity and cancer. What the hell's going on here? Oh, and, but again, one, the flip side, the defender could say it's like we're the tragic hero or the anti-hero because it's like we're also at the mercy of our own adaptations. I know you're oh yeah. That's called being an adult or being mature and not being a mammal. It's, We are having to fight the very thing. That we are hardwired over time okay. I have, yes, I have one question though that I had heard when it relates to ketosis and it blew my mind and talking about shortcuts right in society and as we are, especially in this country, I hear that there are ways that you could consume things and temporarily, so it won't give you a sustained ketosis, but like a maybe a four to six hour ketosis or is there such a product that if I took. Six hours that I can have a ketosis without having to do the upfront leg work because like I said, I want the burger in my mouth like physically. Is there a way I can achieve that without the two and a half days of supposedly a headache before I get ketosis? Listen no. The issue of course is yeah, we were talk, we in the, I worked in the epilepsy field for years. And everybody's talking about can we get a ketogenic diet or ketosis and a pill? That was the big thing, right? So you really want that. You take one pill for breakfast, wash it down with water, one pill for lunch, wash it down with water. Did you do that for three days? One pill for dinner? And you do that for a week. That's hilarious. That is the holy rail of like marketing scheme. Cause it's true and you're not doing anything. But more seriously when you say can I get into it, it's the sustained condition of being in some level of moderate ketosis that's really the most healthy for your body and we're learning now from a lot of folks that are measuring their, I we developed here at Boston College, the Glucose Ketone Index, which was for the cancer patient to know when their blood sugar was low and their blood ketones were elevated and they then become at the perfect condition for low dose chemo or target and glucose and glutamine. And we built that. But now we realize that, you can stay into those zones with a carnivore consuming of carnivore, with Mediterranean diets, with vegetable vegetarian diets, as long as you don't eat too much and the foods that you eat are very low glycemic you can get into these states of ketosis with not too much difficulty. The only difficulty would be the restriction of highly processed carbohydrates, and for some people, who happen to be addicted to those kinds of things, because glucose is a powerful, addictive fuel. It's like cocaine. It's like opium. It's like nicotine. It can be very powerful on the brain, but you're.. We evolved not to have very much glucose in our diets. So we will fall back. Our bodies will recognize that we are back in a semi paleolithic state, but we can get into these zones of ketosis. So we now, my colleague Dominic D'Augustino from University of South Florida, and he's made ketone ester's solutions where you can take that and jack your, just like you said but it goes away. It goes away. It's, you really want to get it to be sustained and sustained Ketosis with low glucose is very therapeutic. And people can do this. At first we were saying, oh, you gotta do water only fasting. Yeah, that doesn't go over real well. Nobody after a couple of days, you're outta that. Hell, I'm. I'm gone from this, but with a carnivore diet, with certain kinds of low-glycemic vegetables and things you can get into these and you use the GKI to know whether you're not, whether you're there or not. So we we did it for the cancer patients, but now we see all these young, healthy folks not cancerous, not cardiovascular, none of these chronic diseases, they're all doing the GKI because they know that if they're in this zone their mitochondria gonna be at the healthiest state. So they're using it as a prevention, as a health benefit for their body. I want to use it, but yeah, GKI, Glucose Ketone Index. You get it from the Keto Mojo and, and when we made it, we had to ask people because you get blood sugar in milligram per deciliter, and you get ketones and millimolar. So you have to divide the glucose by 18 and then divide that number by the millimolar of ketones. Yeah, it is too little, too much. The Keto Mojo guys made a little chip in the meter, so all you have to do is get the blood value and the, and you do the glucose strip and then the ketones strip, and you push the button on the metering. Gives you the voila. You get the GKI right there. You don't even have to do the admin arithmetic anymore. Dr. Seyfried, you were amazing. I would love to have you back. This has been so edifying and now I almost have anxiety that I've been slacking for 35 years. But I, you definitely have catalyzed my thinking on this, especially with young kids. And and I'm excited to do some digging, but we appreciate you and and yeah, the, so where can people find you if they wanna read more on your material? We've published our papers in peer review journals. Cureus is one of them, for our case reports. But anybody can look my name up and see the publications that we've written on PubMed, publication of Library of Medicine. Hi. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ai-and-healthcare [112 likes]: :hand-pink-waving:New interview with Dr. Jason Fung and Dr. Thomas Seyfried -> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENllkzs5Gpk
  2. @HortonlucianoNantenaina [16 likes]: My result from Vera Hart’s archetype quiz was not the one I expected at all. I thought I’d be a completely different type. Still deciding whether I feel exposed or misunderstood 😂
  3. @nayelaahmed7887 [3 likes]: I asked my oncologist if the Cancer cells can feed on Fat? after not being able to use Glucose and can’t use Fat because Cancer Cells can’t Feed on Fat? He said   No! “ Cancer cells can feed on Fat” I didn’t understand that! Fat doesn’t have any sugar or Glucose, I didn’t understand my Radiation Oncologist answer? Could you explain this? Dr. Seyfried? 

I am on Ketosis, my body is on Ketogenesis finally and I am not getting off my keto diet I told my Medical Oncologist, and Radiation Oncologist.

After trying Chemotherapy for one day I did not want to put that poison inside my body. So i rejected Chemo but I am trying Radiation to see how it goes. Radiation is also Toxic but it is Targeted. I hope by the Will of Allah-God that I will be cured.

I would appreciate any help and advice. My Life is in Allah’s hand. Thank you 🙏
  4. @bigbirdwpg [1 likes]: Keto alone is not enough, glutamine has to be blocked as well.
  5. @michaelhollinshead6945 [1 likes]: Some years ago I spent an hour on the phone with Dr. Seyfried and read his book as well.  I had stage 4 prostate cancer.  I went on a keto diet and kept my blood sugar below 3 for well over six months.  My cancer continued to progress.
  6. @Goat_Rancher [1 likes]: Does any clinic do this in Texas?
  7. @marywhaley4675 [1 likes]: Eating has become so complicated.
  8. @Shirley-d5j2q [1 likes]: Covid vacsines are causing cancer and allso big pharma drugs
  9. @sandipbelhekar4104 [1 likes]: Hi
  10. @alexisbaranek9604: What do you do if you are eating low carb and intermittent fasting, mostly plant based and are in ketosis yet blood sugar is staying mostly over 100 (not diabetic) so apparently the cancer is causing the higher blood sugar?  Does that negate the benefits?
  11. @normanspurgeon5324: The host is trying to keep  up with Tom-
  12. @Goat_Rancher: My wife just spent another weekend in the hospital due to her stage IV cancer fueling edema in her brain's motor control center.   Not one of the meals she was served paid any attention to sugar and carbohydrates roll backs due to her cancer.  She ate a few carbs and little sugars such as the deserts as a result.  We talked with the doctors about many things but never got around to the diet.
  13. @AVA_Investment_Analytics_Live: Many cancer cells consume large amounts of glucose, but eliminating dietary sugar will not starve or eliminate cancer because #1 - the body continues producing glucose even during fasting or carbohydrate restriction, #2 - normal cells also require glucose, and #3 - tumors can use several alternative fuels. Be wary of any doctor of professor on YT or social media making claims that you have never heard before OR that are against conventional medical wisdom because they are false claims 99.9999% of the time.
  14. @AVA_Investment_Analytics_Live: No, a keto diet cannot eliminate cancer growth. He is a BS artist. Check with ChatGPT if you doubt what an Ivy League educated graduate in biological chemistry has to say about this (me).  The "glucose fuels cancer cells, so if we eliminate it from the diet we eliminate cancer" rumor has been circulating for decades. Total nonsense.
  15. @jescreatr: If someone can help, I have questions. 
Stage 4 fighter here. 
So the thing is to reach or stay in ketosis?  A 3 day fasting gets you there right?  At 4 day I can eat? 
If I do treatment the best thing to do it’s 3 day fasting before treatment? But when you do like chemo the first day you don’t feel like eating, that would be the 4 day not eating, but you have to eat something the next day of chemo because of the nausea, the treatment and empty stomach it’s a no no.
  16. @robertstane5823: So, will a Keto diet and water fasting autophagy eliminate cancer cells?
  17. @HealthSolutions-1A: Really impressed by the depth of information provided in this video. Very helpful!"
  18. @HEALTHMOSAIC-v6e: Dr. Thomas Seyfried is genuinely a gifted and brilliant talent on cancer and metabolic treatment approaches. He deserves so many more accolades
  19. @vanelopevonschwitz3618: Does it even help with multiple myeloma?
  20. @ronsilva516: Thank you for this info iam working on this I was just disappointed with stage 2or 3 bladder cancer  I had a pet scan in feb 21  from then to early may I found out I have bladder cancer it all started 5/4 26 we wear rushing around shaping and to pee so bad  then it look liked cofffe with beat juice  at first I thought I had a bad uti  went emergency room came home with a catheter  I got like catheter removed my primary doctor a week later and they didn’t emergency CAT scan on me then doctor called me while I going to neurologist    She tried to get me into a emergency urology, oncology doctor couldn’t  Finley got appointment then they did like surgery on me and said this is not good

- Keto & Metabolic Therapy for Cancer | Dr. Thomas Seyfried: Kind: captions Language: en standard of care for gleo blastoma is responsible for the overall poor survival and death of these patients Absolutely I'll stand by that because I have the scientific evidence to support that they're all the same disease is brain cancer is not this different from breast colon they all have the same problem with mitochondria they all dependent on glucose and glutamine it's not a 100 diseases it's One Singular disease of energy of disregulated energy uh production now how complicated is that I the future is this what I just told you is the future and we're gonna maybe not me but others will perfect it to the point where cancer will not be considered a fearful disease but you know we have a people will start getting healthy uh when you're killing their cancer cells not making them worse hair Fallout what are you talking about my name is AA SS and welcome to live longer World Professor seed welcome to live longer world oh it's nice to be here thank you so I think your research is remarkable because it's turning the cancer parad time on its head and it's been what over 50 years since President Nixon declared the war on cancer we've been spending billions of dollars to try and cure of this disease and yet as you've pointed out in your research we have something like 1,700 people a day dying from cancer in the United States alone your work I think speaks to why this might be happening so can you speak to what's wrong with the current cancer paradigm well thank you it's the the current cancer Paradigm is based on cancer being a genetic disease and uh if you go to the National Cancer Institute website uh it says cancer is a genetic disease comprising over 100 different types of disorders all driven by different kinds of genetic mutations um the new data or D if you look if you look carefully at the data uh does not support uh this information from the National Cancer Institute as a matter of fact to accept CA cancer being a genetic disease one would have to be either cognitively challenged or a hopeless idealogue because um the evidence clearly shows that we have some cancers that have no mutations we have driver mutations in normal tissues and Driver mutations were thought to be those that really led to the disregulated cell growth like p53 and some of these others and now we find these p-53 mutations in normal tissues of people that never have disregulated growth and the nuclear transfer experiments which have been repeated in many different types of cancers under different experimental paradigms uh where the nucleus of the tumor cell is put into a a new a normal cytoplasm and you don't get disregulated growth where if the normal nucleus is put into a tumor cytoplasm you get disregulated growth um the the this information overwhelmingly says Cancer Cannot Be A genetic disease and what uh warberg had first done and what I've pushed over what he had done shows that cancer is a mitochondrial metabolic disease not a genetic disease and this is the reason why we're not making any progress um you have to realize there's two things here number one we've put billions of dollars into the into the cancer genome Atlas and thinking cancer is a a genetic disease and um it hasn't it hasn't had any Major Impact in reducing deaths um consequently because that has not come to fruition we continue to poison and irradiate people because the the uh the idea was that if cancer were a genetic disease and we were able to Target the genetic mutation we could get rid of the poisonous and poisons and radiation but because cancer is not a genetic disease we can now have to continue with poisons and radiation and all the other things that are being uh done like immunotherapies are based on cancer being a genetic disease some people do well on immunotherapies but you can just as well die from the therapy as being cured from it and uh a lot of people don't even respond to it so clearly that's not having it's not moving the needle and you're right uh each year we get more and more dead people people and we're not making any PR I don't care what anybody says 1,700 people a day dying in the United States 70 an hour and continues to increase year after year it means that we have made zero progress so uh when you drop the death rate by 30% then you know you're starting on the right path but we're not doing that so I mean people can look at I look at it as a Monumental failure and it's a failure because the the theory of what the disease is incorrect and when you have incorrect Theory you're not you're not going to move the needle so this old Theory which I suppose is still the Paradigm is the somatic mutation theory of cancer which is that cancer is a genetic disease I'm curious where does it even come from in the first place well it comes from a number of different places it it it came from the fact that in the n in the 1950s when Watson and Crick uh were awarded the Nobel Prize for the structure of DNA um and people had always it actually starts with uh Theodore boy in 1914 when he speculated that there was some abnormalities in the nucleus of cancer cells based on studies in sea urchins uh which doesn't make any sense to me and one of his friends I think his name was hamerslag told boy Theodore boy that um this is all nonsense as a matter of fact boy wrote a a a big article on on this and and was very apologetic about cancer being a genetic disease he said I have no clue about what cancer is I don't know anything about it everything is pure speculation and I could be completely wrong yet he was anointed as the father of the sematic mutation Theory so but he himself said I don't know anything about cancer and then others came along uh and started to cancer damaged to the nuclear genome was always seen in in not always but recognized often recognized in cancer cells but it wasn't until the the early 50s when Watson and Crick found the structure of DNA and then you found structural abnormalities in the nucleus of cancer cells structural DNA abnormalities and everybody was you know uh Gene Gene think uh genes control everything and you have mutations in genes and uh that's going to lead to disregulated cell growth um and and the and the and the more and more scientists jumped onto this these enogen and tumor suppressor genes and all these kinds of things but um uh failing to recognize that the gene mutations themselves are arising from the damage to the oxidative phosphorilation so the genes are not the cause they're the effects um and once you realize that then it's such an embarrassment uh and tragedy to realize that by by a uh re the resistance to change and the the attachment to this incorrect theory has led to all these poor folks being being killed by not only the disease but the treatments I don't know I think half the people that are treated for cancer die from the treatments I mean it's horrific you don't poison and irradiate people to make them healthy right this is what they do surgically mutilate them remove breasts and colons and lungs I mean uh this is the way we're treating cancer patients Med as I said in my other inter it's medieval nothing could be more medieval than the current cancer Paradigm of treating people so one point you're saying is that first of all not all cancers even have mutations and then secondly even the nuclear mutations that do happen are a downstream effect of something that's wrong with the mitochondria and the respiration going wrong in the mitochondria so it's not the mutation in other words is not the primary cause of cancer it's a downstream effect if at all it happens in a cancer cell that's right that's right and the and the when the oxidative phosphorilation the the ability of the cell to generate energy through oxygen when that becomes compromised these cancer cells produce reactive oxygen species Ros and they are carcinogenic and mutagenic so the mutations and damage we see in the nucleus uh uh come from in large part the r so uh there's a clear link uh between damaged respiration and the mutation so we've been chasing tail we've been chasing uh Downstream effects and when you chase Downstream effects the outcome is 1700 people a day dying and it's not getting any better now how do we know that the primary cause of cancer is damage to the mitochondria and respiration well uh we know that uh because mitochondria controlled the differentiated state of the cell mitochondria can determine they control the cell cycle through um calcium signaling changes that our mitochondria does this based on uh on the proton mode of gradient in the mitochondria so when when cells need to divide they don't divide out of control mitochondria maintains division under control or maintains the quiescent quiescent state of the cell uh when that organel uh loses control uh over uh the energy metabolism of the cell the cell falls back on fermentation metabolism uh which is uh energy without oxygen this is the kind of energy that existed uh on on the earth before oxygen came into the atmosphere 2.5 billion years ago all all the cells at that time were dri were disregulated in their growth and driven by a fermentation metabolism so the cancer cell is doing nothing more than falling back on these ancient Pathways leading to a disregulated cell growth because the mitochondria that's supposed to control this process no is loses control of this uh due to a number of different insults uh that could damage the efficiency of oxidative phosphorilation so there's a two-step process one is a gradual slow Interruption with oxidative phosphorilation you know maybe from intermittent hypoxia systemic inflammation some viruses some chemical carcinogens any one of these provocative agents can lead to a gradual disruption of oxidative phosphor leading to a gradual increase in what we call substrate level phosphorilation or uh um energy energy production without oxygen so substrate level phosphorilation can produce energy without oxygen so the cell and and the default state of mamalian cells is proliferation and and and and and the control of proliferation is directed by the mitochondria so if the mitochondria gradually become dysfunctional energetically and the cell falls back on its energy default state which is proliferation then the cell is in a disregulated state so the mitochondria control the destiny the differentiated state of the cell and then you get all the secondary mutations a lot of other secondary they control the aptic signaling what does that mean programed cell death so when when when our cells are injured the mitochondria release cytochrom C leading to a Cascade and program cell death in other words the cell is programmed to die because it's has damage or something along along these lines mitochondria control that they control the kill switch of the cell and when the mitochondria become defective the kill switch is broken so the cell bypasses the normal program cell death mechanism continues to proliferate out of control driven by air ation metabolism if people understand evolutionary biology uh uh and general biology and what I'm saying makes perfect sense because it's all supported by scientific literature but when you are are indoctrinated to think cancer is a genetic disease you don't think about any of the stuff that I just spoke about and therefore you have this perpetuation of uh of dead people so until until this what I just said is understood and recognized more clearly then we're not going to make any changes that's super helpful so one of the things you said is that because the mitochondria is defective in cancer cells that's also one of the reasons cancer cells are not able to die themselves versus normal healthy cells if they get damaged you have this apoptosis process yeah and that's one of the things in the Hallmarks of cancer it's the it's the U um failure to recognize apoptosis apotosis so and the different and disregulated cell growth that comes from the fact that the cells are fermenting so um all of these things you can go through all the Hallmarks of cancer and Link all of the Hallmarks clearly back to mitochondrial dysfunction is this is mitochondrial dysfunction something you see in all types of cancer are there certain cancers where you don't see this I I did a deep dive on this whole thing spent a lot of time you have to go back H in the scientific literature and look at electron microscopy um because the electron microscope wasn't perfected until the 1950s 60s people you know started looking at the ultra structure of cells because on light micro microscopy you really can't see much a mitochondria threadlike threadlike organel that uh exist in the cytoplasm but in order to really look at them carefully and in detail you need electron microscopy so when you go back and look at uh a lot of these guys that were looking at the ultr structure of tumor cells uh were just pointing out what they saw uh you know there was a lot of cellular abnormalities but a lot of the mitochondria were um abnormal in structure uh they had sometimes no christe the inner membrane elaboration of the organel uh there were sometimes there were few mitochondria sometimes the cytoplasm was packed with abnormal looking uh mitochondria there's all kinds of morphological abnormalities and then of course when uh cell biology uh became starting to isolate mitochondria in pure form from tumor cells uh it was clear that there was all kinds of functional abnormalities I in these uh organel and we here at Boston College we we studied cardiol lippin which is a a very specialized kind of lipid in the inner membrane of the mitochondria that plays a very significant role in the efficiency of the electron transport chain which is ultimately the efficiency of oxidative phosphorilation and uh we we found massive changes in number uh uh uh uh and structure of the of the cardiol lipin meaning that this lipid which controls the efficiency of mitochondria was always abnorm in all the in fact no one has found a tumor cell yet with the normal structure and function of either mitochondria or cardiol lippin so this clearly tells us that these mitochondria are not functionally effective they're they're they're in they're in efficient in their ability to produce energy through uh respiration therefore the cell falls back on a fermentation uh mechanism which is energy without oxygen and a disregulated growth is not not that complicated if you understand the biology of the situation do you also see a change in the proton motive force of the mitochondria um yeah sometimes you do uh sometimes it becomes excessively Steep and other times it's dissipated there's uncoupling proteins uh the oxygen that enters the mitochondria what we we and others have found is not linked to ATP synthesis so um our big discovery that warberg did not know about nor does the most of the people in the cancer field um they don't know that there that there's two ways for a cell to get energy uh through um substrate level phosphorilation one is in the glycolytic pathway the m in meof parns pathway which is the cytoplasmic pathway that produces um energy and the payoff phase of glycolysis um and many cancer cells dump lactic acid into the micro environment which is the um uh where pyruvate instead of going into the mitochondri and being respired is reduced to lactate which then accumulates in the micro environment leading to acidification uh tumor acidification is common in many in many kinds of cancers a warberg knew only about that uh our Discovery was that there that there is a substrate level phosphorilation process inside the mitochondria itself so this is an organel that can both respire and ferment under different kinds of conditions and um and no one knew about that that's our big Discovery paper just came out recently late December 2024 where we we're getting tremendous recognition uh about on this study for the first time people are realizing that these mitochondria can ferment um uh glutamine that glutamine amino acid can be metabolized through the mitochondria to suconic acid which also contributes to extracellular acidification so now here why everybody said warberg was wrong not every why why so many people thought warberg was wrong because War warberg himself thought that oxygen consumption in cancer mitochondria was also linked to oxidative phosphorilation and his critics said well how can how can warb be right saying that Ox oxidative phosphorilation is the origin of cancer when cancers are taking in oxygen sometimes as high as normal tissue and this created a tremendous amount of controversy because yes the the cancer mitochondria does take in oxygen but it's not due to it's not due to oxid it's not contributing significantly to oxida foration they they are producing ATP through the mitochondria but through a fermentation mechanism this is the big new thing the new thing is the cancer mitochondria can ferment and they dump out succinic acid so uh now we put the parts together from warberg warberg was right cancer is a mitochondrial metabolic disease he just didn't have all of the details together like we have today there it now it becomes irrefutable cancer is a mitochondrial metabolic disease driven by fermentation metabolism because oxidative phosphorilation is is inefficient so we know this and therefore the cell proliferates out of control because the organel that's supposed to control this is not working and and and now with the knowledge that this is a fermentation uh problem and that this two the two fuels driving the disregulated growth of the sugar glucose and the amino acid glutamine and we know because that mitochondria is defective they can't use fatty acids or ketones now we have a solution to the problem right transition the whole body over to ketones the tumor cells can't use them they store them in the cytoplasm and then you target simultaneously simultaneously together the two fermentable fields and these cancer cells are checkmated so they can't use anything else and how do we know that we tested all this stuff we interrogated these cells and to see what they can use and can't use they can only use glucose and glutamine yes they can use a little bit of other things but the term is Logistics in order to replace the high energy efficiency of oxida phosphorilation you better make sure that the alternative fuels are present in the micro environment in large quantities to run the disregulated growth and some of these other amino acids are not there only glutamine so clearly uh we know what's going on it's just that unfortunately the world doesn't doesn't know it or refuses to accept it and therefore we got 1,700 people a day it's tragedy because we can stop it we can significantly reduce it with what I told you if there were if but the clinical trials uh we have to have people that are knowledgeable so we have to train people to understand what I just said understand how we and we just put this big paper in a big protocol paper for gleo blastoma that goes through a lot of what I said by by my colleague Dr Thomas duer next door here works with me and we have 25 other uh nutritionist dietitians scientists MDS Physicians all kinds on this paper once they realize that this will be the strategy for managing cancer we can adapt it for all the cancers they're all the same disease there brain cancer is not the different from breast colon they all have the same problem with mitochondria they all dependent on glucose and glutamine it's not a 100 diseases it's One Singular disease of energy of disregulated energy uh production now how complicated is that now that's such an important point that I want to stress on because I think everyone like we've discussed thinks that every type of cancer is different and even within breast cancer you have different types of cancers because of the different mutations that are happening but what you are saying is that that's absolutely false in fact Cancer all types of cancer is one disease and it stems from the fact that there's dysfunction to the mitochondria and I just want to try to summarize some of the points key points you mentioned which is that despite the presence of oxygen cancer cells are fermenting what that means is that because they're fermenting now they're using up two fuel tools which you've shown through a lot of your work glucose and glutamine and they can't use fatty acids so if we can cut off the glucose and glutamine that is one potential way we can start dealing with cancer and all of this entails understanding the fact that cancer is a metabolic disease and it's not a genetic disease yeah I mean that's that's pretty much the what it is now we're we're at we're we're the tip of the spear on this whole thing and uh it has to be perfected it has to be dosage timing and scheduling are the ways to perfect this and this is what we call non-sexy science this is mostly trial and error so people don't like s oh wow you got some Innovative Innovative we got 1,700 people a day dying that we can we can significantly reduce but it's not sexy science it's trial and error uh on how to Target glucose and glutamine without harming the rest of the body and uh you can do lower glucose with diet but you can't do that with uh glutamine so you have to use drugs and what are these drugs well they're glutamine targeting drugs they block the ability of glutamine to be metabolized and if you don't know how to do that the right way with the right dosage you could not make it work as effectively as it should be um so we have to do H we have to hold the The Noose uh on glucose which is which you know people can do that that's why we develop the glucose Ketone index calculator uh to allow patients people to know that you can bring your blood sugar down and elevate your ketones and get into this nice low Zone and then you come in and you target the glutamine uh while you have the patient in a low gki and that requires some skill because targeting glutamine you have to be very delicate it runs it keeps our gut healthy and it keeps our immune system healthy uh a Ura cycle so glutamine is an extremely important molecule if you don't don't know how to ma manage it then uh you could potentially not have this therapeutic strategy work as successful as as it should be and I don't know everybody seems they all say I what do I have to eat eat eat eat for CRA I don't know what they're all based on this bring your gki down and then we come in with uh drugs to Target glutamine has nothing to do with glutamine in the diet zero to do with glutamine in the diet so it has to do with targeting glutamine with drugs and you have to do that strategically otherwise it won't work as well so people people say well a carbo oh yeah don't eat carbohydrates bring your sugar do water only fasting um it's it's easier to get it's easier to get into these zones on Carnivore than it is on vegan so uh you have to be you know chewing plants all day long like some like like like some herb before you know so uh um but you got to be careful because you you got to get your gki down you can do it if you eat plants but it's just harder um you know I don't know people can do whatever they want if you want to stay alive they better understand what I'm talking about because it a lot of the treatment falls on the shoulders of the patient so the patient has to be knowledgeable and and and and um compliant with the knowledge uh otherwise it doesn't work people tell me oh I can't do this well okay go get radiated and poison see how see how that works now when you say gluten me has to be targeted strategically does that mean you can't cut off all glutamine or I guess it's probably not even possible to yeah you it's the most abundant amino acid in the body it's very high uh and and it's needed for our immune system so if you go in and shut down glutamine completely you Dam Dage your gut and you prevent your immune system from from picking up the dead tumor cells who's going to pick up the dead cells right so you go in and you slaughter a population of cells you got them laying around it's like a battlefield you want to let them all rot there you bury them you know right so uh so you have and that's done by our immune system and and they need glutamine so the glutamine that the cancer cell needs is the same glutamine that the immune cell needs and as we've shown all these metastatic cancers are derived from our immune system especially macrofagos so we know what the metastatic cancer is regardless of whether it's a liver a colon a breast a brain all these metastatic cancer all all these metastatic are are com compromised macras also dependent on glutamine so my adversary needs glutamine and and and and and and my uh therapeutic cells need glutamine so you can't go in there okay you can kill cancer cells but you then you prevent your immune system from picking up the corpses so you have to be a strategic so what what we found is that if we hit them with glutamine for a day uh what happens the tumor cells get hammered and die but the immune system doesn't die it just gets paralyzed it it can't so you pull off the glutamine let the immune system now recover picking up the dead cancer cells so again it's you degrade slowly degrade slowly degrade while your body is getting healthier and healthier and healthier burning ketones and fatty acids your normal cells but the tumor cells are restricted they can't use these tremendously powerful effective alternative fuels fatty acids and Ketone bodies so so we know the biology of what we can do um it I the future is this what I just told you is the future and we're going to maybe not me but others will perfect it to the point where cancer will not be considered a fearful disease but you you know we have a people will start getting healthy uh when you're killing their cancer cells not making worse hair Fallout what are you talking about anytime you've seen these cancer people they're always bald right that's be that that were treated by somebody who has no clue about the biology of canc should never be bald why are you bald the cancer cells don't exist in your hair follicles it's the adverse offt Target effects of the poisons uh that they're giving people radiation and poison your hair goes why you doing that the damn cells can't live without glucose and glutamine it can't transition to keton and fatty acids now you know how to kill them and manage the disease and you don't have to lose your hair so um or are the bleeding gums and you know diarrhea fatigue nausea vomiting all this kind of crazy stuff you don't you don't have to have that but yet go and go down to your talk to your oncologist go to the top medical schools what I said to you they have no never heard of it I have no clue most of them now one other thing that is probably part of your uh press port protocol which is what you call it which is restricting glucose and glutamine is hypobaric oxygen therapy I think how is that connected well can hyperbaric oxygen therapy uh as Dominic he's expert on that the austino you know uh we published together and and um uh it turns out that um putting a patient in pressured oxygen dissolves oxygen you you have to realize our arthr sites carry oxygen and you could be they could be 100% saturated with oxygen but but the oxygen is not dissolved in the plasma that that happens when you put the patient in high pressure with oxygen and uh if you have a a tumor cells with bad mitochondria or inefficient corrupted mitochondria and you put you put Force oxygen onto them um they produce more reactive oxygen species R and that kills them and and the interesting thing is that what protect what protects them from Ros damage listen and listen carefully what protects the the cancer cell from Ro damage um is the glucose and glutamine because the glucose carbons are part of the pentos pathway and the glutamine produces glutamate which is part of the glutathione mechanism the two antioxidant systems so when I'm putting a patient in restricted glucose and glutamine and putting them in hyperbaric oxygen I am making those tumor cells extremely vulnerable to oxidative damage it's almost like radiation without the toxic effects because radiation kills tumor cells by creating reactive oxygen species R but why would you do radiation it it harms your normal cells when you can when you can do this uh uh uh with with with regular so we can we can take P patients put them in a low glucose Ketone index uh then and then put them in an oxygen pressure and that can also help kill tumor cells without toxicity I see okay um so you mentioned you had this December 2024 study which was a culmination of a lot of the work you're doing but I think you've been talking about glucose and glutamine for a while now so what was new about this research that just got published well the the as I said if you ask anybody about the glutamine issue uh in the metabolism field they're going to say oh yeah everybody knows about glutamine the two tumor cells are glutamine addicted but what I said to you is that they think glutamine is respired uh part of the respiration an anotic means the replenishment of carbons to the TCA cycle uh our Discovery was no it's producing energy through mitochondrial substrate level phosphorilation a different mechanism uh from from oxidative phosphorilation so people people are know that glutamine is important for cancer but they didn't know the mechanism uh we're showing you that it's a fermentation mechanis it's another aerobic fermentation mechanism that's producing energy through a different a different strategy so you have to simultaneously Target glutamine and glucose together to get therapeutic benefit because if you target glutamine alone the cells will survive on glucose and if you target glucose alone the cells will survive on glutamine so you got to get them both together at the same time while the patient is in nutritional ketosis and then you put a much greater chance of eliminating the tumor and even if you don't eliminate it it be they become very indolent uh they're not angry there's a lot less inflammation and a lot a lot less angiogenesis and all these other uh aspects of an angry tumor inflamed uh we reduce a lot of that so we we have some cancer patients that um were considered terminal but they're not cured uh but they're living with it so um Everybody Wants cure cure cure I'm not listen get it managed man manage the damn thing uh so your quality of life and overall survival can be approved whether you're cured or not who knows but but the bottom line is you're living longer with a higher quality of life what's wrong with that nothing wrong with that so that's what we're working on we're not working on a cure we're working on on effective uh um management and if you get a cure good that's great but if not then you still can be living longer with a higher quality of life do you think metabolic therapy can be done at any stage of cancer uh well uh certainly uh earlier stages would work much much better um some people call me from email me from hospice and they've got like two days left and I'm not sure whether their bodies can can sustain uh the stress metabolic stress in our preclinical we're actually trying to do we're actually testing that right now um we take a mice and we give them tumors and we let the tumors grow really big and angry um where the mice start to suffer uh uh just like a human just like a human would be suffering and then we try to come in with our uh metabolic therapy and it's actually astonishing some of these mice that might have only had a couple of days to live uh really start to recover better so I don't know at what stage it becomes no longer effective but uh we're testing that that's what we do uh you see so many papers in the scientific literature where they put a few cells under the skin of the mouse and like 24 hours later they start a very aggressive treatment and and then you all of a sudden see wow look how effective this is let that tumor grow really really big and angry and metastatic and then try your therapy and see if you can pull the m pull the mouse out of it h that's what we do because if we're successful in doing that man we'll we'll have tremendous success in the human in the clinic uh knowing how to do that so we stack the deck against us we want the heartiest strongest tumors and we want to see if metabolic therapy can work against the the most aggressive and angry tumors now of course in the human liter clinics they have these stage zero cancers a lot of them are called stage zeros and they do some women getting mastectomies and radiation on stage zeros are you kidding me yeah metabolic therapy will take care of those things real quick I don't know what you're doing why you just taking these beautiful women and ripping their cutting their breasts off cing m i mean it makes no sense to me at all I don't know what these people are doing don't they read the scientific literature don't they understand what we're talking about here it's just it's just sad it's it's really a tragedy but do you think there's something to be said when it's stay zero and extremely local and small and it can just come out via surgery then maybe that's an easier better protocol to just remove it all together when it's so small well I think that's the that's what we expect to do too we're not arguing against and as a matter of fact what we're finding if you do metabolic therapy it it has two things number one it it gets smaller and can be plucked out really easy with a surgical procedure or it disappears altogether so why you want to take someone's breast off if you can't find anything that you were looking at right prophylactic you kidding me I mean unless some women like don't like their breasts and just want them removed I I don't know what the the logic is behind this but but but but any event yeah so um uh the idea is is that yes we can we can and and the other thing too um we're not against all standards of care what we're finding is that sometimes chemotherapy in in very small dosages has so much more therapeutic efficacy when the patient is in nutritional ketosis so we don't throw out all the tools of the toolbox even radiation if it's a hard to get uh tumor with surgery uh and radiation could do it better you would shrink the tumor down using metabolic therapy and then come in and incinerate it with a beam of radiation and and not and making minimal damage to surrounding tissues so so again it's going to have to be a complete re-evaluation of the kinds of tools and procedures that we're using to get a more successful outcome in managing the disease and keeping people people alive it's all possible it's just that it's just that I don't know what it is the field just oncology seems to be I don't know they're kind of strange they they can't seem to accept anything than what other than what they do and what they were trained to do but you know I don't know how long it's going to take for them to come to know I mean I just don't know I think it's the information is spreading at least to the patients directly I hear a lot of people recognizing this themselves that going into ketosis and and and like you said it's a little more nuanced than that it's both glucose and glutamine I think people themselves are waking up to this which is is certainly extremely well they're they're waking up a little bit but I get so many people what should I eat to reduce glutamine wrong you can't do anything you got to use drugs drugs drugs drugs and one of the drugs we use is the endol fen bendol parasite medications and uh they target the same path ways that the tumor cells use so that's why they work but they work much better in therapeutic keto everything works better when you're in therapeutic ketosis so don't tell me anything until you're in therapeutic ketosis then once you're in th then you have a lot of then you have a lot of options you know you can go to your oncologist and tell him just use one third and then he says oh I can't do that this the system tells me no it doesn't you you you got to tell these guys see when I go to the doctor I usually tell him exactly what I need to have done uh uh when you ask him to figure out out what you have you could be a bit might make sure you know what you have before you go to these guys and say just you know just do this for me okay um but uh yeah the oncologists they're trained to do what they do um and unfortunately they're all uh all of them or the majority of them are not trained appropriately they think cancer is a genetic disease and they just treat you with very toxic poisons and radiation and this kind of stuff and I think they their success would be much better if they knew cancer was a a mitoch metabolic disease and then they would use their radiation chemo and other proced even immunotherapies could potentially work better so um everything will work better when you're in nutritional ketosis your body is stronger the tumor is weaker and whatever you're throwing at it's going to work better so all these things come together speaking of drugs that block glutamine another one you've mentioned is Dawn which I think you said is not available for some reason why is that the case I don't know oh it should be it should be the number one drug uh they said it was too toxic and then when we looked up the toxicity it wasn't anything near like Red Devil carbo platin and and these other things you kidding me it's nothing has nothing like like those um it's an it's a repurposed drugs it it wasn't as effective it was working pretty good against leukemia and kids uh don't forget they used it on children and they used it on but they said oh it's a little toxic and it doesn't work well yeah you didn't cover you didn't choked the glucose you didn't get the glucose the problem is if they don't they when you think cancer is a genetic disease you I don't know it's like some something happens to your brain be you can't think you can't use rational thinking anymore but it'll change has to change because people want to live I think people want to live they don't want to die you know so uh they have to come to know this and the people will make the decisions once they see the outcome we're publishing individual case reports we're publishing pre-clinical studies I'm seeing more and more we're getting a registry now of all these stage four terminal cancer patients that outlive their prognosis so uh we're we're we're collecting more and more data at some point there's going to be a Tipping Point when the population says I want metabolic therapy I want metabolic therapy if you can't give it to me I'm GNA find somebody who can so uh you better these guys better get on on board or get out of the way because it's common yeah one thing I do love about your work is the fact that you're not just presenting Theory and some evidence but you actually talk about real life examples and cases of people who have solved or at least managed their cancer by following the metabolic therapy protocol yeah well I I I mean that's why I said it's not perfected yet but what we're seeing tells us there's great hope um you know uh whenever you have anything new uh it's it's it's has to all the different follow-ups to this will make the whole situation better it it is based on the science the science tells us this is a mitochondrial metabolic disease and we have defined the fuels driving the disregulated growth so now it becomes uh important to perfect this how are we going to Target those two fuels together uh and and uh keep the body super healthy while while you're targeting this and and and this is going to be the new field this is the new form of medicine and not only that it works it like we saw for some of the cancer patients um not only does their cancer become more manageable but they've also got rid of their diabetes and their high blood pressure and their hypertension this all goes away along with the cancer so um clearly it has impli implications for just overall General Health because when you take people today you know uh you you've seen it so many times a person says oh I just came back from that I had a little pain a little blood or a little something and I now they tell me I have a stage four cancer and the guy looks pretty healthy then soon as he under goes treatment I mean he looks like some skeleton beat up a horrible looking he's sick he's miserable this shouldn't have to happen this is nuts so uh um but yet yet I feel so bad for the cancer patients they hear what I say they get all fired up and excited and then they go to the oncology oncology and says oh no sugar and diet have nothing to do with it glucose and glutamine no no nothing and when and then they get angry and throw you out of the office how do you think that makes the patient feel you know the the oncologist should be thrown out of the office and have somebody in there has a few functional brain cells you know um about what's going on so I feel bad for the oncologists too they just haven't been trained I think they really are good meaning people I just they just locked into a failed system and um and it's also very profitable so you you you you the status quo is is is profitable for all these different Industries but if people want to live you're going to have to change the status quo it's going to have to change one thing you mentioned is that you're not against all standard of care obviously chemotherapy could work in low doses if you are in therapeutic ketosis and I think um Istanbul Turkey some places there might be trying this model do you know what the results are of this combination therapy well it works yeah it works really well for some people um nothing works well for everybody um let's be honest I mean if if standards of care are killing 50% of the people that are that are being treated that that ain't working really well either uh metabolic therapy can work well does it is it always a guaranteed to work well when you try to reduce and manipulate these things not always because you know the same the same issues we have compliance of the patient knowledge of the patient you see the difference between standards of care today and metabolic therapy is that um the patient has to be knowledgeable and very understanding of what of what's being done because a lot of the success falls on the shoulders of the patient in the current standard of the Care the patient is a bystander they just sit there and get and get treated they're not really participating actively in in their in the management of their disease um they have a a scheduled radiation they have a scheduled chemo and they just take the radiation and take the chemo but they're not doing any and then they say eat whatever you want make sure you get a lot of high carbohydrate foods to make your strength back I mean this is insane this is lack of knowledge of the on the grand scale uh a complete misunderstanding of what the nature of the disease is and a failure to understand biology so so this is the problem for the poor patient I mean I visited uh really top-notch oncology centers and I see in the in the room I I see a guy uh and and a lot of these oncology they're clean white smiling faces and and on one side and then PE people being infused and poisoned on the other side I mean you see a guy being infused with chemotherapy while he has a big coca colola and a hamburger in front of him I mean it's nuts it's nuts so what are you going to do about that you have to educate people and let them know this is crazy you don't do stupid stuff like that you know so um but anyway they do it and it's being done all the time as we speak right now and as when we finish 70 people will be dead from cancer can you believe this 70 people an hour are dying from cancer in this country and and and it's a horrific death for the most part not a pleasant death um and it's sad and it shouldn't have to be this way yeah that's that's absolutely I mean even if you didn't have the knowledge on glucose and glutamine it's probably not how you should be fueling your body with Coke when you're undergoing such treatment look at it they tell infam they go all these many cancer patients are told eat whatever you want glucose has nothing to do with cancer you know get your get your fat get your sugar up this is nuts I mean these guys don't they have don't they know anything don't don't they understand the biology this is the scary thing it's scary to know that someone who's treating you has less knowledge of the disease than the patient or the patient both the blind lead and the blind on this whole thing and I know I hate to say this stuff I mean it makes me but but gez I look at the science and I know what I'm talking about and I feel like when I see this I'm saying oh my God this is this is so tragic tragic on every level I'm guessing the National Cancer Institute is aware of your research and work what's their take on it they ignore it I mean uh I don't know know what's going on with those guys I mean I've I've told them I said what's going on who's the guys writing these uh web pages don't they know what they're doing or they're being told by some I I don't I I think that they follow the they follow the the so-called leaders in the field uh and the leaders in the field think cancer is a genetic disease so when the leaders have no clue then the NIH the National Cancer Institute has no clue so uh um and yeah I mean and they why would they choose to refuse oh hasn't been repeated well what are the crank things why don't you guys repeat it and see what's going on the the new NIH director uh wants a lot of the science to be repeated uh because half the stuff coming out of the cancer field can't be repeated anyway and and the tragedy is a lot of the basic research is done by thinking cancer is a genetic disease and a lot of that can't even be repeated so it's that's another it's called broken broken science broken science you can't repeat uh what the other guy did and consequently no advance and when you constantly keep saying cancer is a gen let's target that Gene let's look at the expression profile let's look at this and look at that listen we should we can look at that later let's drop the death rate now which we can do once we keep the death rate down down down you can study all this other stuff but why are we wasting our time on things that aren't working when we have an opportunity to reduce the death rate let's let's get the people under let's get this disease under control and then we can worry about minutia right now we're putting all our energy into IA while all these poor people are suffering and dying so uh we we got we got everything backwards on this whole cancer thing yes so to your point on people not understanding this you were on ped Tia's podcast a few years ago and then last year peda was on Andrew huberman's podcast talking about how cancer is a genetic disease which I thought was interesting for lack of a better word given that you were one of his guests and then BBC also put out this video recently saying when you were on the Diary of coo podcast that oh there's Health misinformation spreading so I'm trying to understand are there legitimate questions coming from say smart people like petera on why they're not accepting this new theory of that the the fact that cancer is a metabolic disease it's called confirmation bias okay uh which means that you go along with the crowd um uh you know ideological dogmatic ideology ideological Dogma um you know Peter may not doesn't want to rock the boat uh you got to be bold you can't worry about the Dogma you can't worry about people are dying here if these guys knew what the hell they were talking about you'd be able to drop this death rate and they don't okay that's what that's what gets me upset yeah these guys are smart they're supposed to be smart but maybe they're not smart Okay because a smart guy would say this this this doesn't make this the whole cancer thing doesn't make any sense based on the new science oh it has to be repeated it has been repeated over and over again you just choose don't just don't want to read the literature so um yeah I don't know what it's going to take yeah BBC oh you miss guys have they they don't they don't do this research they they're not doing the research I'm doing the research I'm the one interrogating these tumor cells I'm the one looking at all this stuff our lab and other labs are doing this okay these guys are just angry about stuff I don't know well what why don't think I don't really care what they think all I know is we're right we're right on and and and once they knew know that then you goes oh man we knew this all yeah right tell me about it you know we're the ones do doing a lot of the research to show this and and and and you know we're seeing what other people have seen but we're interpreting differently and we can we because we understand evolutionary biology have these guys have no clue about evolutionary biology it just it's when you it's the a veneer here you got to remove the veneer and you really find out that that what's what's really happening yes we are correct there's no question about it we are the tip of the spear you want to make difference in cancer you better listen to what we're saying otherwise we're not going anywhere I had Charlie line weer on the podcast I'm not sure if you're familiar with his work I I know Charlie yeah he he also approached it from the whole evolutionary theory of cancer perspective he doesn't I think he still goes with the view that cancer is genetic disease but it's not random mutations but he has this whole evolutionary perspective which I also thought was was to to your point most people don't bring that perspective onto cancer research yeah well you have to know evolutionary biology because the cells that existed before oxygen were all disregulated in their cell growth all driven by a fermentation uh metabolism um it wasn't until metazone uh when you when you had uh the fusion between one one bacteria with another that you're able to produce uh uh energy through utilization of oxygen which led to metazoans multi cellular organisms I mean if we didn't have that Fusion we'd all be single cell we'd all still be in our single cell state but but yeah I mean there are disagreements um I've looked at this I have all chapter in my book on the on on nothing in cancer biology makes sense except in the light of evolution and uh yeah you spend a lot of time I spend 20 I do this this 247 I'm I'm thinking about this stuff while I'm sleeping at night I think about this stuff all day long my Army of my my undergraduates graduates and professional scientists think about this all the time where are we making a mistake what are we missing in our understanding of cancer and we think about it does somebody have a new piece of information that comes along suggesting that we may not be correct we have not yet found that and I'm looking for that I want somebody to tell me where I'm making my mistake and so far they just disappear somewhere I I I don't know so please you tell me what am I what's wrong with this picture what am I telling you that's wrong with all the stuff that I just told you it makes sense to me I I don't know I mean I clearly obviously don't think about this 24/7 so I'm not the right person I know well no you must you must must think about this all the time now and find out you find some guy who says I'm wrong and we'll look at at his his criticisms and we'll take it under under advisement and then and then figure out you know maybe he'll make an important Improvement in what we're doing you you know so um we'll just have to see but right now uh I have not seen where we have been made in an error on this whole thing that that's a great point I haven't seen anyone directly criticizing why your research is wrong in terms of actually actually giving explanations which is why it just strikes me as bizarre that it's so hard for people to accept but if I find someone I mean that would that would be a great conversation to have honestly someone who has legitimate explanations yeah well you know it's like for example you got Dan Farber MD enderson Sloan ketering the mafa cancer center the Fred Hutch you got all these top and when you walk into these place you can't help but be impressed um you know you got all these guys with white jackets and ties and they look very very formal and they they talk a talk they call Physicians speak uh making you feel uh good and then they poison and IR radiate you I mean there's something wrong with this picture right so um uh and then before you know it you know uh oh he's you know I'm feeling really good you know blah blah and then the cancer comes back and we're going to get more and more and the cancer comes back cancer comes back and the next thing you know you're finished you know you're looking for the burial plots you know the the uh you got to get on top of this when you first get get that metabolic therapy going oh we can do so many things with this if if we all work together with a common goal uh we would be able to manage this cancer pretty effectively let's talk about G blastoma which is one of the most deadly types of cancer brain cancer you said you recently did uh finished a study on it or research study on it what was what was that talking about well that was a a treatment protocol that we put together uh based on our knowledge of the biology and the biochemistry and uh my colleague Dr Thomas duer first author on the paper uh he's an mdphd and he will eventually be the director of these clinical trials um uh we had to get the science straight first and then we have you know there's a lot of options we got to bring the glucose and glutamine down but then then what how do you do it um and Thomas put a tremendous amount of energy into this and several other distinguished uh people who work in nutrition uh and and um in the areas clinics and things they came on as co-authors so um you know it's just how do we go and the other problem of course right now is you're not allowed to do that uh we wrote a protocol that's not permitted according to standard of care so now we have a problem we have this beautiful way to treat brain cancer gleo blasto and and that same strategy can be just tweaked slightly for all the major cancers because it's still a singular disease what happens in a gleo blastoma happens in a liver colon breast they're all fermenting they're all throwing out glucose and glutamine it's just in a different organ and a different tissue so but it's basically the same metabolic problem very similar very similar metabolic problem we also found out that the key when you're in nutritional ketosis you can deliver drugs through the blood brain barrier much faster uh easier so you don't we have we've seen so much to make this stuff better but they're locked into this radiation standard of care first so what they do they don't allow what we're saying to be done they say uh well uh we'll we'll let you do recurrent Goma what does that mean oh we'll give the patient radiation and chemo timide steroids and then when it doesn't work which almost all the time it doesn't work then maybe we'll consider doing metabolic therapy no no no no get the metabolic therapy on there first as a and and then maybe if that doesn't work we'll do a little radiation you know what I'm saying shrink the tumor down have the neurosurgeon debulk it and then go back with metabolic therapy and if we need radiation or a little bit of Timol down the road uh will do that completely turning around the standard of care for G G blastoma but when we spoke to these uh uh brain cancer onology centers it's almost like I blasphemed telling them that that we want to do it a different way it was almost so a a front and I said to these guys all your patients are dying don't you guys have any real realization that you've been doing the same thing for 100 years and making zero progress and now you want to be resistant to anything that might work you tell me where the where the logic of this is going but they've been so comfortable in doing what they do they think oh if we don't do what we do the patient will die sooner well what the hell we're not we're not doing nothing we're transforming the whole thing to make it better not doing nothing you know I I you're up against I don't know what it is calcification of rational thinking and uh it's just the most amazing thing I've seen but I go back listen you go back in history of Science and you see very very similar kinds of things uh the geocentric heliocentric view of the solar system where the Earth was considered immovable and the Sun and all the planets revolved around the earth and when capern Aus said maybe we should put the sun in the center and have the Earth uh just be another planet like the others revolving um you know in is revolution of Bo paper that he that book that he published and then follow followed by Kepler with the um the ellipticals and then Galileo with the telescope um to look at this and he was house arrested for things that he said to the pope and don't forget the Catholic Church finally recognized the um the the the heliocentric model in the in the 1800s sometime so I mean people adapt very slowly when it challenges your very thinking about about things uh in a pray profound way people don't just readily go wow this is the greatest thing I've heard let's let's do that no no no they're going to resist it tooth and nail until until it becomes so overwhelmingly obvious that they have to accept it for looking like buffoons um so uh eventually it'll happen because people in cancer you know if if if you thought that the Earth was the center of the solar system uh you know and the Sun goes around the earth on a daily basis okay you know maybe but not that doesn't lead to 6,700 people a day dying your your view on that but when you consider cancer as a genetic disease that's responsible for 1,700 people a day dying so um uh so people better get their act together and start thinking about this otherwise in fact why should I worry about it I know what to do if I got kids the hell should I worry about what everybody else that's doing so um you know it's just sad it's sad uh you know I maybe I shouldn't say anything maybe I should just retire go down to Florida relax lay on the beach you know get a get a nice sit under a grass Hut with a my taii why should I worry about all this stuff no I I think your work is remarkable what one thing actually that that was really shocking to me is that you say that radiation itself is fueling the two fuels that you don't want for cancer which is it's fueling the glucose and glutamine so it's it's not that it's not making things better it might be making things worse oh yeah absolutely in fact we published that paper in Lancet oncology in 2010 because I'm I I I I I have I'm neurochemist okay so I study epilepsy I study the brain or neuros circuitry and all this kind of stuff and we have a glutamine glutamate cycle put out some of my colleagues Dr Mary McKenna and others that that have really done a lot of work on this area we have very tightly linked the glutamine and the GL and the glutamate cycle uh what happens is and when when we send out a signal in our neuron we release a small chemical called glutamate it's an excitatory neurotransmitter and it excites nmda receptors so that you and I can speak and we can think because of of the neurochemical activities that are happening in our brain uh and our eyes and other areas that of the nervous system but as soon as that glutamate is released it has to be impact the receptor quick but then it has to be removed very quickly otherwise we get oyot toxicity which means the glutamate stays and excites the neuron until it's dead the neurons die so we have a very elaborate system where the gel cells uh take up the the glutamate right after it's released and right after it stimulates the receptor it has to be removed and the glutamate is then taken back up into the gal cell and converts this to glutamine and then the glutamine is taken up by the neuron and re REM metabolized to glut glutamate so glutamate to glutamine back to glutamate and it's a very tightly regulated system in order to keep our brain function so you come in there uh with somebody with a gleo blastoma and then you you cut out this tumor and irradiate the air you're breaking apart all of the glutamine glutamate cycle you're freeing up massive amounts of glucose and when you irradiate somebody the blood sugar goes up uh the brain swells and then you give high do steroids uh to reduce uh the inflammation which makes you have hypoglycemia in the blood and the and the and the glutamate killing the neurons frees up all this glutamate which is an excitotoxic molecule leaving creating a tremendous amount of glutamine in the micro environment and you put all that together and you get uh survival anywhere from 8 to 15 months and it's been done that way for for 100 years and you're doing you wonder why very few people survive because you're creating an environment that makes that puts the makes the tumor recur rapidly and uh it's not a mystery what you're doing to these poor patient is sealing their their death sentence right away by doing that so you got to stop doing this crazy stuff uh otherwise you're not going to get any advance and yet they don't want to change they don't want to change so my God what are they doing it's it's just tragic on every level do you think the standard of care might be worse for glioblastoma compared types of cancer or is it equally all current standard of care for gleo blastoma is responsible for the overall poor survival and death of these patients Absolutely I'll stand by that because I have the scientific evidence to support that so it's the people you do this they've never heard of it so I mean what's going on here they trained to uh use radiation so smoke doesn't come out of somebody's ear you know the they they're they're not trained to know the biology of this the surgeons know how to take this out and my friend neurosurgeon friends say yes so we shrink that down uh if we can shrink that tumor down and make the borders more sharp the probability of debulking a greater amount of the tumor will be significantly increased by metabolic therapy which is known to co already give people a much longer survival the the more the tumor is is is is debulked that means taken out the longer the survival is problem with gleo blastoma the edges are very very fuzzy and and you got a lot of the tumor cells already invaded into the normal part of the brain and you don't see them so when the surgeon says oh we got most of it but not all of it you know your death you got there you got to get it all how am I going to get it all shrink it down and then debulk the whole thing and you put so if you have a watchful waiting period of a two weeks sometimes before you debulk it not always sometimes you have to take it out I know this St you have to take it out otherwise it could get Hemorrhage and P patient could die in one day but if you have any watchful waiting period Then you shrink the damn thing down let the neurosurgeon take it out and then come back with metabolic therapy it's a it's a plan strategy that will that will almost guarantee almost guarantee much greater survival but they don't do that so I don't know what to say in gleo blastoma can you shrink it all the way down just with metabolic therapy or do you think debulking in that case probably makes sense yeah I don't think it can sh I think with glucose and glutamine targeting you might be able to get it down to the point where a surgeon can cure it uh by taking it all out but we're not doing that we're not doing that at all so we're only doing the metabolic therapy after you created this inflamed micro environment leading to the tumor cells seating throughout your brain and then they come back so um you know everything we're doing is just not I think we can do those things but I just think we have to do them in a different order have you done any studies on trying metabolic therapy for other neuro degenerative diseases well for sure for epilepsy I mean we've been doing that for little kids for for decades you know that's how I got all this knowledge about ketones and I work with some people and I I is that restricting glutamine as well or is that only no actually just the ketogenic diet yeah and and we're not really sure how that's working completely at all uh what we know is that it's it's a balance between ketones and glucose um we had little kids that were completely managed uh with ketogenic metabolic therapy and then they would take a muffin or a drink and explode right back into a seizure breakthrough seizures really quick even though you spent months trying to manage this kid all of a sudden he goes to a birthday party and gets some cupcake and it's boom he got breakthrough seizure um so very fast whereas cancer you don't you don't have that um if you were had it managed and You' go out and drink a muffin or eat eat something sweet yes you will cause a number of the cells to to to to get a little bit more aggressive but but you don't see it you don't feel it um like you would an epileptic seizure it's obvious to everybody there something something something just exploded um there's no mystery here so uh so you know and we can manage sometimes the epileptic seizures they don't come back they're they're they're they're resolved in some in some Stu kids so so um an adults I don't know it works for them then we had you know guys doing modified Atkins diets and different kinds of formations of ketogen it make it a little bit less rigorous than sometimes it's a lot of exploration and that should be the same kind of thing we do in the in the pediatric oncology this is another tragic all these little kids brutalized by a system then they should be the Pediatric um epilepsy pediatric oncology guys should be arm in-arm in in working together on this and yet the Great Wall of China separates these two uh PL in the same medical school yet one side they're doing P radiating and poisoning kids and the other side they're using this a very similar therapy to metabolic therapy to manage seizures and they don't cross you know um which is like nuts itself so so yeah so um uh pediatric oncology we we should be able to make a big in fact we have a paper under review right now using uh a ketogenic metabolic therapy uh for managing pediatric brain tumors um you know we have all this stuff we're working on it as hard as we can because we know this will be the future also uh but I don't know how long it's going to take for these guys to come to their senses um I don't know it just takes time I guess what about Alzheimer's and Parkinson's do you think it that's worth exploring as well through metabolic therapy yeah I think so um uh because I published a paper on Parkinson's disease it's another kind of a mitochondrial problem um the problem with Parkinson's disease when the mitochondria becomes sick the neurons die and uh in the substantial part of the brain and you get movement disorders and these things so you're not causing the the neurons to and the other thing too cancer doesn't happen in neurons it happens in gal cells uh neurons cannot tolerate fermentation energy for very long so when you have sick mitochondria in a neuron the neuron usually up and dies it doesn't it doesn't transform into a disregulated regulated growth um but there's a lot of reactive oxygen species and inflammation in the neurons of Parkinson's disease so I think that uh ketogenic metabolic therapy could be perfected in a slightly different way uh you won't need to Target glutamine as far as I know um maybe you do I I haven't thought about that enough on that as far as Alzheimer's disease is concerned it's absolutely uh can be um uh reduced uh by um ketogenic metabolic therapy our brains are becoming distort one of the things that's interesting in Alzheimer's disease they are starved for sugar um they they seem to uh and that's one thing you don't often get there's a people who with Alzheimer's have less cancer than than the regular folks because they're being stared the glucose you can't drive disregulated growth without the glucose and uh it's really amazing but yes probably about 40 to 50% of Alzheimer's diseases could be prevented don't don't forget our Paleolithic ancestors well maybe they didn't live long enough to get Alzheimer disease um they died from injuries and infections uh but but um people who live according to their traditional ways they don't seem to have cancer type 2 diabetes or Alzheimer's disease at the same rate that you would see in people living the Great American diet and lifestyle our greatest our greatest gift to the world the Great American diet lifestyle guaranteed to give you type two diabetes cancer dementia and all these other things that that we like to like to distribute so if someone wanted to prevent cancer it sounds like going back to the Paleolithic diet is obviously going to be helpful do you think it's Paleolithic diet and Paleolithic lifestyle which is a lot of exercise okay uh you're doing a lot of you know how hard it is to track down and kill a big animal I mean using Spears and rocks and things like this not using a high-powered weapon do you know how hard it is to chop hack up a big elephant or a big uh water buffalo and eat it I mean you're the exercise I me exhausted just trying to get the meat off this thing um so uh and we're sitting in traffic we're all freaked out you know watching cell our computers and cell phones sitting on the couch looking at the cell phone watching the TV you know eating some highly car processed car hydrate and we oh where did this tuor come from oh how come I can't think straight anymore um so uh yeah it's our diet it's a whole thing prevention of cancer and all these but but people don't want to do that they want to they love the highly processed carbs they they like to sit they like they don't like sitting in traffic but you know they have angry about things poor sleep uh all these things all come together and bathed in in Forever chemicals and and Plastics uh you put all that crap together and and you get all these health problems associated with it yeah so sometimes you hear of young healthy fit individuals super fit people who eatan and look great end up having cancer people in their 20s and 30s what do you think is going on there well it's diet lifestyle and uh chemicals in the environment and they eat we don't know what they're eating I don't know keep keep they might think they're eating healthy and they're not right I mean we oh I'm a fit guy you know uh okay the morbidly obese guy you he might say well I know what he's got he's got a problem he's got diabetes systemic inflammation he's got all these kinds of things as a matter of fact diabet is replacing smoking as a major health risk factor uh but the guy that does I do exercise all the time you know I did this I did that yeah but maybe you have emotional freak out I don't know you might have other things in your system that's can all I know is when those guys get cancered they're fermenters the cancers are fermenters they're using glucose and glutamine uh no matter where it comes from no matter who it is what age they they're that so then we have to go into into management section rather than prevention you can't it's very hard to get cancer if your mitochondria remain healthy that that's what we because it's a mitochondrial metabolic disease so if you keep your mitochondria healthy probability of cancer is extremely low so someone's listening to this and wants to try the metabolic therapy because they have cancer or all loved one who does are there certain resources you direct them to to follow the protocol yeah well a lot of our papers all open access the majority of them um you know they're pretty heavy into the science but the paper that we just published Dr du's paper is kind of a protocol um if you can follow that then and it's detailed you know there's a lot of supplements people can take uh uh that can um you know maybe push it in the right direction a little bit uh facilitate the action of glucose and glutamine so um uh that paper's open access to bio biom biom Central medicine BMC medicine uh big Journal uh which is very detailed Thomas put a huge amount of work into this all the detail things but again people can read it look at it uh our Press pz Paper uh is the conceptual that's the framework upon which Thomas's paper was based it's open access so anybody can and they just you know problem is they keep bombarding me with all these questions that are all answered in the papers um they don't read the papers and then they ask me all these things that are already answered in the papers so I want somebody to read read the papers carefully and then if it's not clear I'll be happy to answer a question but please read the papers before bombarding me with all the things that are already put out in the paper you know I I'll link to the latest one as well so hopefully that's helpful yeah and people have to realize that our research is supported predominantly by private foundations in philanthropy and that keeps us going uh and there are people what when people donate money to me through the University or through Travis christopherson's Foundation we acknowledge them in the scientific papers that we publish so you know there are people out there that says I want to be part of the movement I I want to know that I participated and what I do is I uh acknowledge them and the back look at the papers that we publish and you'll see the acknowledgement section and you say who are all these people well those are the people that are giving us the money to do the research that we're doing and people say whoa I'm I feel really good about that and they just they go ahead and give us money and then we when we publish the paper we acknowledge them um you'll see these names so that's that's how how we move forward we're keeping as long as people continue to support our research we're not going anywhere we we're we're we're we're still pushing forward we'll push and push and push until the funds dry up and hopefully they don't dry up and how can someone listening to this support your research well as I said Travis christopherson's Foundation of cancer metabolic therapies it's a 503 Foundation they make donations to his foundation and then through Boston College uh my I have a on the on the biology Department there's a place a little button to say donate and you go through a few steps and people people make donations directly to me through the university so uh those are our two primary sources and then we have some small foundations of course um that are interested in like a breast cancer or colon cancer and they they they we they support we support pre-clinical research uh the pre-clinical research is is then the the foundation upon which we do the clinical work so my my friends that are do clinical work will start adapting our findings from the preclinical studies into the clinic we're one of the few groups that really does have B to bedside we do we we we fire this stuff out really fast into the clinics uh that are that are doing that are able to do and matify some of these things lastly what are some of the open questions that you are currently exploring in your research well right now you know we have uh shown in gleo blastoma in preclinical with a human cell line and two mouse cell lines that mitochondrial substrate level phosphorilation is a major driver uh of this um we like to establish that for all the major cancers we want to see if there's any cancer that we can find that doesn't uh that doesn't follow this uh this common pathophysiological problem that would be an eyeopener for us because then we would have to modify that but it takes a lot of time to work these things out um yeah so and the other thing we're working on in Vivo uh which is in the preclinical do what are the what are the really unique drug diet combos uh that would work the best in other words get the greatest amount of therapeutic benefit with the minimal or absence of any toxicity so uh again this whole this is the new the new world the new world is drug diet combinations uh diet drug combinations that work synergistically together so the drugs work better under a particular dietary setup and and that's what we're working on too so uh again all of this stuff is the beginning but it will all be perfected in the end uh super efficiency in the in the metabolic centers uh and this is the future it's it's just that it's so new and not recognized uh by the majority of people but it's coming I'm I'm looking forward to that so thank you for all the work you're doing is there anything else that you'd like to mention before we close no I I think we covered a lot of the bases here uh I mean we talk in my lab we what what I've discussed with you is what we talk about every day for hours and then do research and talk about it more and talk about it more and do more research and we so what I'm doing to you is nothing more different than what I do next door to my colleagues because they're always asking uh about of course we go into a lot more detail uh the scientific Concepts and experiments design and this kind of stuff but the overall discussions of of the Frameworks and things is no different than what you and I have just discussed Professor seed please don't retire to Florida because we need you and thank you so much all right thank you very much I'm looking forward to going back to Kolkata oh that's going to be great let let me know next time you go I'll recommend some food options maybe maybe one day you can do it today yeah have some glucose all right thank you very much a real pleasure hi everyone if you wish to be notified of future podcast episodes and my writing on longevity and the frontiers of biology Please Subscribe at live longer world.com and if you're enjoying the show please leave a rating on Apple Spotify or elsewhere thank you for listening and I we'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @melissarice3234 [6 likes]: Where are the treatment centers that use dr Seyfrieds treatment plans???
  2. @loriedmundson782 [3 likes]: My son died at 26 years old from Ewings Sarcoma.  Our experience was exactly how Dr. Seyfried described.    He was treated at the cutting edge cancer department of Cincinnati Childrens Hospital. It was a five year hellish, tragic ordeal.
  3. @nemrak4385 [2 likes]: My 31 yo friend was just diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer and within 2 months she on chemo and look bald and dead looking with 2 chemo treatments. I told her stop listening to these old dogmatic doctors who dont know anything about the new research thats coming out
  4. @maskofsorrow [1 likes]: I wonder if Dr Seyfried knows about the power of Ivermectin and Fenbendazole against cancer? This is being revealed now by other doctors.
  5. @TheDrifter250: Excellent interview !
Depressing to see it only has 2k views and 96 👍 after a whole yr later  😒 😌 😞
  6. @luckssj: Have you looked at Liposomal Vitamin C at a dose of 60 grams kill cancer?

- Prof. Thomas Seyfried: Why The Ketogenic Diet Could Be The Cure For Cancer, Obesity & Diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about because I know you're a proponent of the ketogenic diet which you've just mentioned as a promising anti-aging interventions but why don't we talk about diet and lifestyle strategies. I really do want to get into um exercise as well and how that plays a role. Well, diet and lifestyle, you know, a keto, we listen, when I first started doing all this stuff many, many, many years ago, uh, we were doing calorie restriction. Um, and and we knew that calorie, which turns out to be water only fasting. So, we were seeing really spectacular effects in in in mice by water only fasting. But then we said, oh man, who's going to want to do this? They're going to think you're a nut going out. What how am I going to man? Oh, don't drink don't eat anything for 30 days. who the you know, right? I mean, you think this guy's crazy. So, we said, "Oh, what can we do to this?" I worked in the epilepsy clinics at with the epilepsy at Yale University for nine years down there. So, we were working on on on ketogenic diets and this type of thing for a long time. And um and we knew I was, you know, I I started the ketogenic diet workshops because in in the field of epilepsy, ketogenic diets are acceptable as a way to manage seizures in little kids. So uh and it became acceptable in that part of neurology uh neurological problems. But for cancer um we we didn't want to say go starve yourself. So we said why don't we do a ketogenic diet. It's just reducing blood sugar and elevating ketones in a more natural way. So then all of a sudden the diet crazies got involved with this. Oh you got to do this. What can I eat? What? So then we developed the glucose ketone index calculator which we developed here at Boston College which lowers the blood sugar and elevates the ketones regardless of what the hell you want to eat. You want to eat a you want to be a vegan, go ahead, be a vegan. You want to be a carnivore, be that. You want to be a Mediterranean pescatarian, I don't care what you want to be. Just get your GKI 1.0 below and you're going to start putting metabolic pressure on this. So uh on these cancer cells so people always ask me, "Oh, he didn't say what I should." I don't give a damn what you can eat. Just bring your GKI down and you say, "Well, I tried and it didn't go down." Well, why don't you try something else and see if you can get it down? And if it doesn't go down, do water only fasting. It'll definitely go down. Yeah. And then add food back and find out what you can and cannot eat. Everybody is their own experiment in this particular case. There's no universal thing that works for everybody uh the same way. So, so you have to then experiment on your own body and say, "Okay, what do I need to do? Uh, is it a keto diet, a Mediterranean diet, a pescatarian diet, you know, carnivore diet? What is the best diet to get me into a low GKI, which is a low glucose ketone index? Then you're going to start putting the metabolic pressure on these tumor cells. Then you come in with the with the drugs that target glutamine. So yeah, diet. Now, exercise is absolutely essential for the therapeutic efficacy of this process because we found that exercise does two things. Number one, it lowers glutamine. That's great. Exercise itself will lower blood glutamine. Number two, when you're burning uh when you're exercising, your muscles are taking in uh u glucose from the bloodstream and converting it into glycogen or burning it on the spot. So, um muscle and brain get most of the glucose in the body. The brain takes glucose but can switch to ketones, but will always take the glucose. muscle. If you're exercising, the muscles are going to take in glucose. Who's the lowest guy on the totem pole to get the sacred glucose? It's a damn tumor cell. So, he's once your body is in nutritional ketosis and you are exercising, those tumor cells are going to be under a world of hurt. And then you come in with the blast on the side with the glutamine targeting drugs and you blast these things out, you know, for the most part. Uh, and we can, this is where the cutting edge is right now. How many different glutamine targeting drugs can we use? some of these parasite medications. We've have a paper out showing that they target glutamine, too. So, and glucose simultaneously. It's a package of finding out what works best for each cancer patient to keep them in a high quality exercise state, very healthy, eating the right foods to keep a low GKI while they're slowly slowly degrading their tumor. So, uh and often what we see is also the diabetes goes away, the obesity goes away, of course. Yes. all these other chronic problems go away along with the cancer. This was in our press pulse paper. We published this. So, let's uh you know, look, I I'm telling you after the last um I've heard the word ketogenic as it relates to psychiatric disorders, as it relates to obviously type 2 diabetes, metabolic dysfunction, now cancer. I know that I discuss it with Alzheimer's disease patients, which is my primary area of research. And so it's becoming more and more clear to me that this ketogenic lifestyle, albeit a hard one to get into. I bought the Keto Mojo um testing strips. Very hard to get into. And and let me tell you, I had an orange as an experiment and that just pushed me straight out of nutritional ketosis. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Try a Coca-Cola. Try a Coca-Cola. See what that does. We did that. It's like hitting the bell in the circus. You know, the thing goes up and rings the bell. Exactly. It's unbelievable.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nobukazumikami5466 [2 likes]: If you make skeletal muscles and brain uptake blood glucose first, cancer cells would starve. Again, functional skeletal muscles from physical exercise is the key.
  2. @stefreads2008 [1 likes]: True North has put 30,000 people through water only fasting, it works.
  3. @Magnificent_Energy: Dr. Louisa.....wait until you start running into the Sugar Diet enthusiasts and proponents if you haven't already....This thing is about to enter Frenzy Town....It's really amazing how some new craze comes along every 3-5yrs and replaces the last craze....can't wait to hear you start discussing this..If you have no idea what I'm referring to, check out Cole Robinson aka the Snake diet guy....he has now made a change to the Sugar diet guy...It's nuts..lol

- "This Is Feeding Cancer Cells!" - Fix This To Starve Disease & Heal The Body | Thomas Seyfried: Kind: captions Language: en Almost 30 years ago, I started medical school in Edinburgh in Scotland. And I still remember sitting in the anatomy theater being told by one of our professors that one in four of us at some point in our lives were going to get cancer. And I remember being shocked. This was back in 1995. I looked around thinking, "Wow, one in four." Now I know as things stand today that rate has gone up to one in two of us are going to get cancer at some point in our lives. So Professor Seafood you've been studying cancer for decades now. In your view what's going on? Well thanks. Um well, you know, in any kind of a a disastrous situation, um there's never one thing that could be responsible uh for the rise in in in a particular disease. I I think that um there are many factors that come together uh to account in part for this worldwide epidemic of cancer. uh where most people uh that study epidemiology have now uh consider the view that it's just a matter of time before cancer overtakes heart disease a as the number one killer of people in various countries. So what what's going on? Uh when you consider that our ancestral uh groups of people um cancer was extremely rare in uh and tribes and and and different populations that lived by their standard ways uh ways that were common to those folks for for centuries. All of a sudden now we have this explosion within the last say 50 or 70 years an explosion of of cancer and a lot of it has to do with our western civilization diet and lifestyle. We we have more contaminants in the atmosphere. We have less exercise and we have far more foods that are poorly nutritious and provide uh high amounts of carbohydrates. I I think you put all this together because there's a direct correlation between the obesity epidemic and cancer. Uh a correlation between the obesity ep epidemic, cancer and type 2 diabetes. You put all this together, Alzheimer's disease. All these chronic diseases are on a increased trajectory. So clearly it's linked to a change in diet and lifestyle over the last uh 50 to 70 years where we're really starting to see this this increase. Even even when we said the anti-smoking campaign here in the United States in the in the in the 1990s, you know, smoking was a major cause of lung cancer and other cancers. But now with the uh reduction of smoking, we're still seeing this relentless increase. and obesity now is replacing smoking as the num as a number one or a major risk factor for the development of cancer. So I I think it's a lot of factors coming together uh increasing our susceptibility to developing tumors in various uh organ systems. Yeah, it's really interesting. One of the ways in which we get trained as western medical doctors of course is that these different diagnosis, these different illnesses are completely different diseases, right? We say things like, oh, you know, this increases your risk of type two diabetes and if you have type two diabetes, it increases your risk of another condition called Alzheimer's disease. And what's really interesting hearing you talk about what's happened in the last well my question was the last 20 30 years but you broadened it out to 50 to 70 years is that it's not just cancer that's going up as you say we know that chronic disease is going up type 2 diabetes is going up Alzheimer's is going up cancer is going up and I know you have very much been trying to get the message across to people for many decades now that cancer is a metabolic disease so clearly these things are not quite as separate as they might initially seem. That's absolutely right. And and um metabolic homeostasis uh which is the u u absolute uh functioning of our cells in the appropriate way uh organs cells and it's called metabolic homeostasis. When you're basically a very healthy person, you're in metabolic homeostasis. So what's happening is our bodies are falling out of metabolic homeostasis as the result of a variety of insults from uh from largely from from the environment diet and lifestyle and these kinds of things. But when you look back and say what is what is um what is responsible for maintaining what in metabolic homeostasis and it comes back to our mitochondria within the cells. um the organel that uh ultimately is responsible for the metabolic homeostasis within individual cells and within the body as a whole. So this organel uh when it becomes corrupted or dysfunctional can manifest can manifest this problem in in many different ways. Cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, cancer, u Alzheimer's disease depending on the on the tissue and the cells of the individual. In cancer, we we we know for sure that um every major cancer that I have studied has defects in the number structure and function of the of the mitochondria. Yeah. And this then causes the cells to fall back on a on a primitive form of energy which is fermentation and that leads to disregulated cell growth. So we have I I have a very clear idea of the origin of cancer and how to manage it. um the ramifications of these to say other chronic diseases um we always find a mitochondrial connection. It may not be always the same as what we see in cancer. Yeah. Well, let's just go initially to something you you you you mentioned at the start of this conversation, which is when we look at these kind of indigenous populations, we don't see cancer. Now, some people may be thinking, okay, but how much are we, you know, examining these people? How much are we scanning these people? So, do we know for sure that actually they don't have rates of cancer, or is it just that we haven't found it? So, I wonder if you could just address that right at the top. Yeah. Well, that's a good question, but um when when we read the the work of um the humanitarian physician Albert Schwitzer, uh he he definitely knew what cancer was. He examined 40,000 Africans and living in their natural ways looking for cancer and he didn't find it. So uh so he absolutely knew in other cases with the in init of Alaska and the Arctic Circle some um British physicians reported that cancer was very very rare but I don't think it was done as comprehensively as what Albert Schweitzer did in the African populations but others have looked as well and they kind of con uh concur what Schweitzer had seen in general uh human populations that lived according to traditional ways had a much lower incidence of cancer than those same populations that shifted to diet lifestyle. For example, the Inouits. I I had the opportunity to visit uh the medical school at Thunder Bay, Canada, uh where they uh they um uh service the the medical problems of the Canadian Inouit population. And the Inuit now are are are raked with uh diabetes, cancer, dementia, uh which their ancestral populations never had. So uh um clearly it's the change in diet and lifestyle that's largely responsible for the onset of these chronic uh diseases uh including cancer. I've heard you say in a previous interview that our bodies are actually very resistant to cancer and I've been thinking about that a lot over the past few days that despite all the insults that are coming into our bodies especially these days although the rates are high you could make the case that the rate should be even higher. So I guess when [clears throat] you say our bodies are incredibly resistant to cancer, what do you kind of mean by that? Well, I I I think um uh when we live traditional lives like the primitive folks and traditional ancestral groups, not getting cancer or having very low uh rates of cancer, um I think when we have the right diet and lifestyle, I I think it becomes much more difficult for cancer uh to develop. A kind of an example of this was that there was a study done some years ago um with with uh uh I think they were macs some sort of a monkey from South America or one of these places and they rubbed carcinogen they 20 methylanthrine is a known carcinogen and and they rubbed it on the arms of these monkeys uh for 10 years inject them with it and everything else and they didn't get a a single case of cancer uh from from from these and they concluded that well these monkeys are not good models for cancer. Um but the monkeys were eating their their diet. They were living in their natural environment um and they were quite resistant. the con the the alternative experiment which was never done is why don't we give these monkeys uh high carbohydrate diets uh really change their diet and lifestyle and then do these kinds of experiments and and I think that members of our ancestral groups uh uh having the correct exercise diet and lifestyle even even when exposed to carcinogens would have a much lower risk. Yeah. So when you take folks that are now uh not exercising, getting obese, uh you have you have them exposed to a variety of chemicals within the food systems, the type of poor nutrition. I think you even though we have a lot of resistance in our body to cancer, we're really we're really bashing down those walls of resistance by the diet and lifestyles that we're taking. Yeah, I really like that example because I think it goes beyond cancer for me into all these chronic diseases. We can scare ourselves these days if we go online, if we read about the toxins, the pollutants, the air pollution, the diesel fumes that that you know, it can be really really scary to think, well, what can I do? I'm going to be exposed to so much of this. But what you just explained there is really the approach I take with myself and with my patients which is very much okay but what can you do? Okay, what are the things you have control over? What can you do in your own house? And the more good things you can do, the more of a buffer you create, the more strong these foundations become to then resist the attack and the onslaught from the modern worlds. Yes. As someone who's been studying cancer for decades now, do you think that's a a kind of fair analogy? Oh, I think it's a really good analogy. I I I think I I think uh but it's hard. You know, it is hard. Uh uh we we are confronted now um with food sources in abundance. Uh our our exercise levels are far far lower than they than they were uh when we evolved as a species. Um, you know, this this whole way we live, sitting in traffic in front of computers, um, with minimal exercise, they're chowing down on on on poorly nutritious, high carbohydrate foods. I mean, over years, you know, little kids kids can do this uh because your body is strong and healthy, but man, you do that for 30 years and it just it just, you know, crushes you down. Yeah. Um and so it's a it's a combination of all these exposures and the lifestyle that we have and it's it cuts across um racial and and different groups. I mean it clearly it's the it's a common it once that western diet lifestyle enters into a population all of a sudden you see the onset of these chronic diseases. It's very clear. So so that never existed. Previous. So you can know, you know what it is, but what in the diet and lifestyle specifically is responsible for one of these chronic diseases? You know, as you said, they're they're they're all linked in one way or another. And that what and that linkage in my mind has to do with the way we generate energy within ourselves. And um uh the consequences of what happens uh to the body through this chronic assault year in and year out, decade in decade out. Yeah, we're going to get into the details here because I think it's really important and I I think certainly for longtime listeners of my podcast, I think I hope there's there's a real awareness that actually the way we live our lives, the choices we make, the the behaviors we engage with each and every day over time they build up and they increase our risk or decrease our risk of getting sick in the future. But we haven't spoken about cancer that much on the show so far, which is one of the reasons why I wanted to speak to you. And I think you've already so far spoken about concepts that people are familiar with but possibly not familiar with when looking at cancer. What I mean by that is just as type 2 diabetes doesn't happen overnight. You don't just wake up one morning, go to the doctor, get your HBA1C at 6.8 and go, "Oh, wow. What? I don't know what happened. I I've just got type two diabetes. No. Things were going on in your life for maybe five to 10 years that was building up, building up, building up, and now you've crossed that threshold. Can we say cancer adopts a a similar kind of model that you know you you get the diagnosis at some point, but things have been building up for a period of time. I wonder if you could just expand on that and help us understand how one actually develops it in the first place. Yeah. Well, you're right about that. I mean, it doesn't happen. You don't you don't wake you don't go to sleep uh looking healthy at night, wake up with a big tumor on on your lung or your kidney or something like this. I mean, the these these things when you have something that can be obvious now and detected uh um by um you know, pathology, pathological report or non-invasive imaging. I mean, there's got to be a large number of disregulated cells in in that mass uh before you actually uh see it uh with with some diagnostic tool. Um [snorts] but you know when I when I wrote uh my book on cancer Albert Senorgi uh who was a Nobel Prize recipient he did work on vitamin C he called he called this cancer thing the uh an ankcogenic paradox. How is it possible that so many different provocative agents uh could could elicit a dis a disregulated group of cells in a particular organ or um part of the body in a in a common way? What is the common pathophysiological connection uh among all the provocative agents like we know carcinogens they call chemicals that cause cancer as carcinogen. This is a a chemical that has been been determined to uh cause cancer. So we refer to these chemicals as carcinogens. We also know that we have certain viral infections like hepatitis uh C papilloma viruses and some of these other kinds of car uh uh carcinogenic viruses they produce cancer. Uh we also know radiation can produce cancer. We also know that chronic inflammation can produce cancer. We know that intermittent hypoxia can produce cancer in certain cells. What is the common pathophysiological mechanism by which all this happens? We know that there are certain uh uh inherited genes in our body. These are called secondary risk. They're not primary risk factors but they in the right environment they they will elicit cancer like the leaf many syndrome. you have the BA one mutations for breast cancer. Um, so a woman might get breast cancer for uh having a BA one mutation. They might get breast cancer from a clogged milk duct. Uh they may get cancer from systemic inflammation. But when you look at it under the microscope, the pathological report, they say, "Oh, you have breast cancer." So what was the origin? Why one woman, why all these women that would have various kinds? They might all have different provocative agents that elicited uh the the common path. Now what the common pathophysiological mechanism mechanism is to all cancers is a chronic disruption of energy metabolism in the mitochondria of the cell followed by a compensatory ferment fermentation. Now let me break that down because this is what Otto Warberg initially said. He just didn't connect all the dots like we have. He he said cancer elicits from chronic damage to the ability of a cell to generate energy from oxygen. So we know that all of the cells in our body use oxygen to generate ATP which is the currency of energy in our body. Adenosine triphosphate. Okay. Okay. So you and I are breathing we're talking uh because the air that we breathe in has oxygen in it. Oxygen serves as uh uh the acceptor of electrons uh which allows the mitochondria to produce vast amounts of of energy and the waste products are CO2 and water of oxidative phosphorilation. All of our cells in our body the majority of cells except red blood cells are using this process so that we can remain alive. What happens in the cancer cell over time that organel that process becomes corrupted or deficient in some way. But the but as as Warberg said, if you disrupt oxidative phosphorilation or energy through oxygen too acutely, the cell will die and you'll never get a cancer from a dead cell. So whatever causes the cancer, whatever the provocative agent does, it doesn't do it acutely, it does it chronically. And by chronic disruption of oxidative phosphorilation, it allows the cell to to replace oxidative phosphorilation with the ancient pathways of fermentation. The fermentation pathways is energy without oxygen. And all the cells on our planet existed uh in using fermentation before oxygen came into the atmosphere and that was about 2.5 billion years ago. So the cancer cell adapts to a fermentation metabolism as a way to compensate for the chronic disruption of oxidative phosphorilation. Interestingly enough that same organel the mitochondria controls the cell cycle. It allows the cell to remain in a quscent differentiated state and as that organel becomes corrupted over time the transition to fermentation causes the cell to lapse into the default state which is proliferation. So in this in this all of the cells on our planet uh were highly proliferative disregulated cell growth before oxygen came into the atmosphere to form metazones and more complicated complex uh organisms. So the cancer cell is doing nothing more than falling back on ancient pathway living in the living as if it were in the absence of oxygen. That's what cancer cells do. They can absolutely survive without oxygen. They don't use oxygen anymore. So they're living without oxygen. Anorobosis as Warberg called it. Their life without oxygen. Even when oxygen is present, the cancer cell is the cancer cell is still fermenting. So now you know what this cell is. Yeah. It's so interesting. So let's just unpack a little bit of what you just said. First of all, you said that I guess or my interpretation is that there are infinite numbers of insults that we can have on the human body and with respect to cancer, it can be from pollution, from radiation, from you know whatever it might be, we can have these insults but whatever those insults are for us to get a diagnosis of cancer there is a specific abnormality in mitochondri function which occurs and at that point the cancer cell is no longer utilizing oxygen to make energy. It's doing it using fermentation products and you're saying that so so if we go down that logic is it fair to say then that cancer is not really the diagnosis cancer is a symptom it's a symptom of problems in the mitochondria. Yes. Exactly. You're actually right. And then Warberg had said this and at that time he only knew about glucose fermentation, lactic acid fermentation because ATP synthesis through oxidative phosphorilation is highly highly efficient. So you can generate 30 32 to 36 ATP molecules for one mole of oxygen consumed. But fermentation is a very inefficient system. So what is the raw material to generate fermentation? Yes, glucose. But uh but the glucose can only generate a couple of ATP relative to the vast number from oxidative phosphorilation. So in order to make up the difference in energy, you have to take in massive amounts of glucose uh to know in order to replace the energy that you would have gotten from that the cell would have received from oxidative phosphorilation. So consequently the transporters for the the the sugar glucose are massively upregulated on the surface of cancer cells. And this is one of the reasons why you can detect tumors using position p scanning posetron emission tomography. You c you can you can see cancer because it's sucking down so much so much uh glucose. Um but what we have found and Warberg did not know um we have also discovered that these same tumor cells also ferment the amino acid glutamine. So they can they can use glutamine in the absence of oxygen in a fermentation mechanism. So the two fuels the glucose and the glutamine are the two predominantly the predominant fuels for fermentation. So uh uh once you know this once you know that these tumor cells are dependent on uh non oxidative energy uh which is called fermentation energy without oxygen what what generates because listen without energy nothing can grow period energy is absolutely essential for life. So if the cancer cell is using a different type of energy metabolism what is it? It's fermentation. Wow. Okay great. What are the fuels that are driving the fermentation? Well, one of them is glucose as Warberg said and the other one is glutamine as we have now found as the second major fermentable fuel in these tumor cells. And these two fuels work together driving all of the necessary processes for rapid development, rapid proliferation and for um it's the constant disregulated disregulated growth DNA, RNA protein synthesis. The glutamine has the nitrogen and carbons to make new DNA and RNA. The glucose has the carbons for fatty acids and proteins. And these two fuels are driving the beast. And once you and then the other thing you need to know is that they can only use fermentable fuels. Fatty acids and ketone bodies are non fermentable fuels. They're not they cannot be used by tumor cells, but they are they can be used by normal cells that have normal mitochondria. So the solution to the cancer problem is simultaneously targeting the ferment fermentation metabolism of the cells which is the glucose and glutamine but by transitioning the body over over to ketone bodies which allows the normal cells in the brain and all of the organs to to function and fatty acids for the liver. Tumor cells can't use fatty acids and ketone bodies. So the solution to the cancer problem is very simple. You have to simultaneously target the fermentation while transitioning the body over to fuels that cannot be fermented. And this now puts massive pressure and kills the tumor cells without toxicity. Wow. I mean, it's so clear when you when you say it like that because look, if you were not medical, right? If you knew nothing about cancer and the pathophysiology, but you knew that, hey, listen, a cancer cell cannot use oxygen. Even if oxygen is around, it doesn't use oxygen to generate energy. It can only use glucose and glutamine. Right? If that's all you knew, you told a child that, I reckon a child will say, "Okay, well, let's not give the body any more glucose or glutamine." If that's what a cancer cell feeds on, let's stop it. Right. Now, that may be overly simplistic, but it kind of sounds like that's the conclusion from what you're saying. Yeah. Well, I think the you can't stop the glutamine because uh it's a non-essential amino acid and it's the most abundant amino acid in our body. It plays an a massively important role in our gut, our immune system, the ura cycle. So, glutamine is is they call it a non-essential amino acid, but for cancer, it's an absolutely essential amino acid. You can use diet and lifestyle to lower blood sugar for sure, but you need drugs uh that will interrupt the glutamine pathway, the glutaminolysis pathway essentially. So we use a combo a combination of of diet and uh repurposed drugs in the what we developed called the press pulse therapeutic strategy for managing cancer where we can we bring the body into a state of very low glucose high ketones and then we hit the surviving tumor cells with uh drugs that target that can target and disrupt the the glutamine pathway but we do it over very po we pulse it we don't do it too aggressively knowing knowing the value of glutamine for the normal physiological function of our body, you can't go after glutamine uh aggressively because you're going to harm the body. So, you have to know the biology. You have to really understand biology, evolutionary biology to manage cancer. And uh once you understand that, like you said, it's quite it's not that complicated uh once you break down uh the issues. So uh um once you understand the issues and dissect them it I mean yeah there's you have to know about energy metabolism and you have to know about a variety of these things for sure but once you know that then the the path to resolution the path to long-term management without toxicity becomes obvious. You mentioned oxygen making energy in the presence of oxygen or making energy well in the presence of oxygen but without utilizing oxygen. And I think a lot of the public have heard about aerobic exercise and anorobic exercise. So they understand, I think a lot of people will remember from biology class at school that when your body's utilizing oxygen, you can do certain forms of exercise, but if you push up the intensity and let's say you're playing football or doing lots of highintensity sprints that at some point you go to anorobic where actually you're generating energy no longer using oxygen or not exclusively using oxygen. for people who are thinking about that, can you help us understand like is is there a similarity there between what you're saying about cancer and the difference between aerobic and anorobic exercise? Yeah. Well, I think that's a that's really an important point. With the sprinting, you build up lactic acid because the uh the muscles are working at such an incredible speed uh that the amount of oxygen delivered to the tissue in the blood is not is not uh uh enough to keep the muscles uh working through an aerobic mechanism. But the muscle can generate tremendous energy using anorobic uh short periods of time. for short periods of time your muscles can burn energy uh through anorobic mechanisms which is which is taking in a massive amounts of glucose and getting energy. Now, as soon as the muscle stops contracting, you're breathing oxygen so that the the muscle can recover uh ATP synthesis through oxidative uh phosphorilation. But when they were in that sprinting condition uh they were dumping out lactic acid which and this was the how they found the Corey cycle. Uh Saul and Gertie Corey that received the Nobel Prize when the muscles were dumping out massive lactic acid into the bloodstream uh from this uh very active activity. The lactic acid would go to the liver and the liver would conjugate the lactic acid back into a glucose. two lactic acids were reconfigured into glucose molecule to replenish the the blood sugars. Now muscle is very interesting because it's it muscle conserves it. Muscle does not share glucose with other organs. This is a very interesting thing. Information is not enough to make change in your life. You have to take action. So to help you take action after watching this video, I've created a free nutrition guide for you. This contains the five most important practices I've seen in over two decades of seeing patients. They work for you no matter what your dietary preference. There's a step-by-step action plan to help you implement those changes in your life. If you want to receive that free guide right now, just click on the link in the description box below. And it's an evolutionarily conserved adaptation. So muscle stores energy in the form of glycogen. You have glycogen in your muscles and that energy that can be broken down very quickly for rapid for rapid uh rapid energy. But muscle does not share glucose with any other organ for for mo mostly. And that's because when a lion would chase us, we better damn well have enough energy in our muscles to run away because if you're sharing if you're sharing your energy with some other organ, you're not going to be able to run as fast when the lion chases you. So um uh so clearly the con conservation of energy within muscles is an evolutionary adaptation for survival. Uh liver on the other hand will store glycogen and that glycogen in the liver can be shared in fact it's shared majority mostly with the brain and uh as we stop eating blood sugar goes down glycogen is mobilized largely from from liver uh which can then subserve the function of the brain. Brain burns a lot of a lot of glucose. On the other hand, if the glycogen stores, that's why it takes about 36 hours after you stop eating for the glycogen stores in the liver to be depleted and then all of a sudden we then mobilize energy out of the ataposytes in our body and the atyposytes release the fatty acids back into the bloodstream. Those fatty acids go to the liver and the liver makes ketone bodies, water soluble breakdown products of the fat which can then provide the brain the energy for the brain. So we are an unbelievably uh sophisticated machine that we have these different organs and different populations of cells that can be flexible in how they generate and use energy. The cancer cell on the other hand is trapped. It's linked only into a fermentation energy. So knowing that this cell is massively limited in its capability of survival, we now have strategies. We can take advantage of knowing how the body works to eliminate and kill cancer cells uh without toxicity. Once you understand evolutionary biology and systems physiology, you now know the strategies for managing cancer through the lens of evolution. You mentioned before oxygen came into the atmosphere and before we evolved into being multisellular those single cells would generate energy through the process of fermentation which is what cancer cells do. So is the cancer cell then moving towards a more primitive form of energy production? Yeah, you're actually right. I mean we can't we can't say the cells before oxygen came into the atmosphere as cancer cells because cancer cells developed from cells that were differentiated. They were they were part of the society of cells. However, they share a common uh energy mechanism. they ferment. Um, and fermentation before uh oxygen came into the atmosphere was the way the way all cells uh uh got energy was a fermentation mechanism and they would ferment um whatever carbohydrate or whatever amino acid would be in the environment and interestingly enough it was called the alpha period of of life on earth as St. Gorgi called it. Uh all of the cells at that time had disregulated cell growth. they were uh unbridled proliferation and they would proliferate like crazy until the fermentation fuels in the environment dissipated and then they would die. Uh cancer cells are the same. They they they will survive as long as there are fermentable fuels in their micro environment. And when you remove the environment, they die very quickly, just like cells did in the old days. the the old days, let's put it this way, in in in in the time before oxygen. So, but their behavior is very very similar and and when you say cancer cells look very primitive like when you when you look at cancer under a microscope, I mean it's just a massive pile of cells in all different dysmorphic stages. Um they look very primitive. They look they look uh very uh undifferentiated compared to the normal cells of the organ from which they arose. But the commonality is that the cancer cell is surviving on fermentation um because it's oxidative phosphorilation is defective. The cells before oxygen came into the atmosphere had no mitochond mitochondria were a fusion between two different organels, two different organisms. uh an organism that could capture the oxygen and use it for energy. So we had this symbiotic and that led to the formation of metazoans which are are multisellular organisms of which we are all metazzoans multisellular. You couldn't have multisellularity until you were able to capture the energy from oxygen in the fusion hybridization between these organ between these different organisms. Yeah. So the cancer cell is simply using the heirlooms of energy metabolism from the past to grow in a disregulated way and that and that disregulated growth will continue as long as the cancer cell has access to fermentable fuels in the micro environment. So our way of managing cancer is simply to restrict the availability of the fermentable fuels in the micro environment using both diet and specific drugs uh and then using the normal cells of our body to out compete and digest and destroy the cancer cells. It's unbelievable when you really understand the mechanisms and the strategies involved. You can get very excited about this. Well, it's absolutely fascinating to hear it. how we've evolved, how we get energy, and then what happens to that cancer cell and how it reverts back to actually maybe the oldest form, the oldest way that we have of generating energy, the cancer cell is utilizing that. So that's that's really really interesting. I want to talk a little bit about genes and genetics because we hear a lot of things like in the media let's say over the last 10 years there's been a growing awareness of bracken one and bracka 2 and how that potentially can increase the risk of things like breast cancer or ovarian cancer by 50 to 80% depending on which study you read. Now, I'd love to know your thoughts on that, but I'd also love to know just more broadly about this relationship between genes and cancer. I have heard prominent oncologists in the UK, professor, say things like, "We are born with the genetic codes for cancer within ourselves, but they're kept locked in place by suppressor genes." And then something happens whether it be from, you know, carcinogens in the diet or the environment or whatever we're exposed to. And then what happens is that genetic material becomes rearranged. And once it becomes rearranged, those cells no longer stop growing and they become cancerous and they spread. So that's a viewpoint I've heard. What is your view on that? And I guess more broadly, where did genes fit into this whole conversation around cancer? Yeah. Uh well, of course [laughter] that's the basis for the sematic mutation theory here in the United States. National Cancer Institute on their website they say cancer is a genetic disease caused by mutations in specific genes uh tumor suppressor genes and protoco genes and these kinds of things and this leads to a disregulated uh cell growth. And this is the dominant uh consistent view we have right now. The somatic mutation theory uh where uh the uh mutations arise randomly in a population of cells which then leads to uh disorder of the cell cycle and and the proliferation. But you have two different kinds of genes. You have those inherited in the germ line and you have those that are acquired through um various insults in in the environment. when you mentioned about BAL one the high the that's a inherited mutation uh that contributes to uh a greater risk for breast cancer and when you look at what does the BA1 mutation do it disrupts oxidative phosphorilation in the mitochondria the most the most uh prominent inherited mutation is the p-53 mutation in the leaf ramen many uh disorder syndrome the leaf ramen many where about 80% % you have about 80 to 85% penetrance of that gene leading to ovarian cancer, breast cancer, brain cancer. There's a v variety of cancers that are linked to the leaf rameni. The leaf rameni encodes a protein in the electron transport chain of the mitochondria cytochrome coxidase 2. So what you're do what these inherited mutations are doing and we went through all the inherited mutations and all of the inherited mutations risk factors uh damage mitochondria in a in a particular way. um putting them on the path to destabilized energy metabolism and a consequent fermentation metabolism. So, so the inherited mutations are we call secondary risk factors, not primary risk factors because in order for an inherited mutation to be a primary cause of a disease like like uh the precinylan mutation in Alzheimer's disease that's 100% associated with the development of Alzheimer's disease. There is no cancer gene linked uh a germline linked mutation that is in is 100% associated with the onset of a particular cancer. So we call those secondary risk factors just like being exposed to a carcinogen. If you inherit a mutation in BA 1 or one of these your your risk for the development of cancer is certainly higher but it's not 100 100%. Now the in somatic mutations this is where the cancer this is where a cell in the body will randomly accumulate mutations uh some of which will then lead to destabilized growth. Okay. So where do the sematic mutations come from? And they come from destabilized energy metabolism in the mitochondria. How does that happen? So ROS reactive oxygen species are a byproduct of dysfunctional uh oxidative phosphorilation. So the oxygen that the tumor cell is taking in is not being used efficiently for ATP synthesis but rather is throwing out these radicals these reactive oxygen species. What do they do? They cause mutations in the DNA. They lead to the mutations in the DNA. So the mutations that we see in cancer are largely downstream epipenomenon of the damage to oxidative phosphorilation forcing the cell into a fermentation metabolism leading to acidification of the micro environment which further damages the nuclear genome. So that most of what we see in cancer the genetic mutations are largely downstream epipenomena of the damage to oxidative phosphorilation. So they're not effects, they're not causes, they're effects of this whole process. Okay? So let's just get this really clear. So because a lot of people will have absorb the idea that cancer is genetic and of course you know that there's been a there's been a conversation online for I would say at least 10 years about what a woman might want to do if they have one of these bracket mutations. said, I think there's some very prominent examples of women having prophylactic operations, removing both breasts to try and ensure that they don't get breast cancer in the future. And I definitely want to uh get your perspective on that and your view on on on these kind of procedures. But the big picture I'm getting from what you're saying is that look, these genes may increase the likelihood that you are going to develop cancer, but they're not 100%. They're not deterministic genes fully. So yeah. Yeah, they're risk we call them risk factor. It's a risk factor, right? It's a risk factor. But if you make uh significant modifications to your diet, your lifestyle, your environment, the amount of stress you're under, all all kinds of things that you try your best to to significantly change your environment, you can then also significantly decrease your risk of developing that cancer even if you have the gene. Yes, you are absolutely correct. So, you have cho you have I guess at least two choices if you are detected to have uh the BA one. Let's just use that. But there are there are several other genes that this would also apply to. But the brack one you rest you because you some women uh have done prophylactic removal of breasts and ovaries and things like this to reduce their risk for getting cancers in those organ systems or uh recognizing that they would have this ris risk factor. How would they reduce the probability of that inherited mutation causing cancer? And you're absolutely right. The cancer cannot occur if the mitochondria in the cell remain healthy. And how do you keep mitochondria in your cell healthy? By exercise and enhancing ketogenesis. How do you do that? Well, you can do water only fasting. You can do a variety of of of of diets uh that will reduce glucose and elevate ketones. Ketones are a super fuel for mitochondria. They reduce reactive oxygen species, the damaging the damaging byproducts of respiration. So ketones can significantly reduce damage to mitochondria, allowing that organel to function in a highly precise manner for long periods of time. So yes, diet and exercise in the right foods in the right context could take the risk of a herited mutation that we would say 50% chance of getting a a cancer with that mutation. you could reduce that down massively. I don't know to what extent because the studies haven't been done in the correct population, but but we do know that we can significantly just as you said, you can significantly reduce your risk knowing that and you can't get cancer without you get cancer from damaged respiration. Pro protect the mitochondria and the risk will go down. Look, I'm all for informed consent like real informed consent. So you tell a patient, you know, what all the options are. And of course, a patient is entitled to do what they want, right? They're entitled to do what they want with their own body. But what I'm passionate about, why I work so hard on this show each week is to help give people information so actually they're empowered to know, oh, actually there are some options here. There are some options. Now, someone may say, I don't want to take that option. Fine. Informed consent to me means or one part of it is giving people all the options. So if you have been diagnosed with epilepsy as well as the anti-epileptic drugs if there's good evidence as there clearly is that ketogenic diets can be of use and in some people can be transformative. Surely you should also be told that at the same time now you may go I don't want to do a ketogenic diet. It's too difficult. It doesn't fit my life. fine, you're entitled to make that decision, but you kind of need to be given that choice if we're going to be evidence-based, if we're truly practicing informed consent, right? Yeah, absolutely. I was on on those um decision committees when I was a member of the Epilepsy Society of America. I was the society's representative to the corporations on this whole thing. And you know um the ketogenic diet developed from um Wilder in 1921 only when he realized that many of these intractable seizures could be modified significantly with water only fasting. But water only fasting is only good for a certain period of time and you have to eat something. So uh what he found was that when you water only fast blood sugar goes down, ketones go up. Is there a diet that can do what water only fasting could do? And that was the the ketogenic diet. It was managing a lot of different se in children. Uh it works in adults, but it's the the children. The problem is with kids is that when they have a a blown seizure or they have absant seizures or whatever, it disturbs the parents tremendously. And the parents have control over the child's diet, what they're doing. So in order to avoid seeing your child writhing on the floor and foaming, they would say, "Okay, you're going to stay strict on this diet uh because I don't want to see you seize." In the 1930s, certain drugs uh became available that would also stop seizures. And obviously, it was much easier to take the drug than to adhere to a kind of a rigid diet. The problem with these drugs is long-term they have very adverse consequences. And then in the 1990s uh mid 1990s Jim Abrams uh of of a movie producer from Hollywood his son Charlie uh had this terminal kind of epilepsy where he was actually dying and then he contacted folks at the John's Hopkins medical school in Baltimore, the late John Freeman uh who was one of the few guys left that that like to study uh ketogenic diets and they rescued Charlie uh from his condition. They made a movie out of it. First, Do No Harm was the movie by Meil with Meryill Streep uh a friend of Jim Abrams uh made this movie which then brought tremendous attention back to this ketogenic diet uh uh because uh it had been it had fallen by the wayside when I was at Yale University in in New Haven, Connecticut. I wanted to do a project on ketogenic diet internal support and the people in the neurology department and the medical school in general said ah ketogenic diets nobody's interested in that stuff anymore. So my grant was just like oh no no no more. So when one of my students came to me in the late 90s when I was here at Boston College and said hey there's a there's a meeting in Seattle Washington on ketogenic diet spearheaded by Jim Abrams because his son Charlie uh did so well in this ketogenic diet. He wanted to bring the concept to the world that this ketogenic diet should be resurrected as a non-toxic management for epilepsic seizures. So I told him my seizure ah nobody's interested in ketogenic diets. She said oh please send me anyway. So I I sent her out the other meeting. She came back. Oh my god, you can't believe how powerful the diet is. Everybody's so excited about this diet for epilepsy. So we started working on ketogenic diets because we had the best animal models of epilepsy just like humans with Epson seizures and all this kind of stuff. And we started to see wow this diet does work on the animal models as well. And I said we published all these papers and everything and um I said wow what's the mechanism of action? I don't know you got to lower glucose and elevate ketones. Well, we were doing research on cancer at the same time looking at angiogenesis, which is the the vascularization of the tumor cells. So, we put the the when we put the epileptic mice on on calorierestricted diets that lowered blood sugar and elevated ketones. We knew from from Warberg yesterday. I said, "What the hell Warberg?" He said, "You lower blood you lower blood sugar and you can manage cancer." So we started to put uh move the the diets that we were using to manage epilepsy in the mice onto our cancer models which were the best models that we spontaneous models of cancer in the mice. And lo and behold, we said, "Holy crap, this these uh calorierest restricted diets knock the hell out of angioen. Everybody's getting excited about angioenesis. You can you can completely manage angioenesis with these diets and you know Napoleon Ferrar and all these other guys that were making all these ant anti-angioenic imunotherapies and and stuff and a lot of them don't work and they cause the cancers to be worse. But when you when you start using metabolic therapy so after we saw that and not only that we started killing these cancer cells through a variety of different mechanisms. Okay. Uh then we said, "Oh, we should be shifting shifting our power away from the we actually had two uh parallel programs uh metabolic management of epilepsy and metabolic management of cancer." But of course uh folks from England and the United States got together and they wrote up a clinical trial. They said, "Well, we can't believe uh epilepsy uh managing epileptic seizures with ketogenic diets. There's no clinical trials." Um uh well, Dr. across from England and uh our group here at John's Hopkins got together and they wrote up a a really nice publication showing in a clinical trial that ketogenic diet absolutely can manage a variety of epileptic seizures in children. So you'd say to yourself, well like you said, well then we should use this but no they'll only me well they'll only do ketogenic diet for managing seizures only after your expensive drugs don't work. Then you'll do that. But we've all argued that you should be doing metabolic therapy for epilepsy first. If that if that doesn't work, maybe you can consider lowd dose drugs. No, but they still they still have it reversed. In the cancer field, the stuff right now, what I'm saying is predominantly unknown. People have no clue that you can manage cancer in a very similar kind of way. Obviously, with certain certain uh differences, but now that's the the situation. So, so the argument is, well, we can't use metabolic therapy for cancer because there's no clinical trials to prove it, despite the fact that the science is rock solid to support why you should do that. So, that's the conundrum that we have right now is that no one on the planet has yet and and we can't do a clinical trial yet because the people needed to do that aren't trained and you need to know what to do and how to do it and we're working on that right now. So as soon as we have the our treatment protocol, we'll be able to move into the cancer field with the same with the with the same uh uh uh uh uh intensity as we did in the epilepsy field to manage to manage the epileptic seizure. So it's a it's an evolving situation with parallel studies uh knowing how the brain works under different the ketosis issue and all of these different kinds of things coming together to know how to enhance the health and vitality of your normal cells without harming the body. I know I said an awful lot in a very short period of time. No, it's I I mean you're clearly very passionate about this and and with good reason. How long have you been studying cancer for now? Oh, I well I studied cancer for probably 40 years, but it was not not in the way to manage the disease. Uh I studied cancer like 90% of the people studying cancer. We do research on some aspect of cancer like I was doing glyolippids. We were looking at you know all [clears throat] the different abnormalities in glyolippids in cancer cells. So it had nothing to do uh with actual uh design to manage the disease. Of course everybody in their papers everybody many many people put it oh this information could potentially be important at some future point or whatever. Um but it wasn't a direct it wasn't a direct assault uh on the management of the disease uh where you could actually cons where where you can actually see an observable outcome in someone that would be riddled with a stage four cancer. Uh h okay how would understanding the glyolippid dysregulation in that in that person with a stage four cancer in a very short period of time lead to a management strategy and the answer was none. So, and that's the majority people signaling cascades and looking at this and looking at that. I mean, you can do that for the next 150 200 years and you're not going to have any impact in the clinic. So, the idea is how are you going to imp how you going to make your research impactful to the person dealing with a stage four cancer today. We've used the word cancer a lot during this conversation so far and of course there are lots of different types of cancer. You know, you can differentiate them depending on location in the body. brain, pancreas, prostate, uh of course the different pathological types of cancers as well. So when we say cancer, do we need to be a bit more specific about what we're talking about or would you state based upon your research that actually all of them are fundamentally the same? There is a problem with respiration. There's a problem with generating energy in the mitochondria. Like just help us understand that if if you will. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's really so important because we were all led to believe and we still are pounded by information saying you're we have a therapy for your specific kind of cancer. You hear this all the time like breast cancer is different from colon cancer, different from brain cancer, different from bladder cancer, different from the leukemas. You hear you hear this all the time. And and that's based again on the somatic mutation theory of cancer. When you start to look at the mutations in all these different cancers, they're all quite different from each other. they're indifferent from each other within the same within the same type of cancer within the same tumor. You'll find all kinds of different mutations. But all of the cells now what I what I did I I went back and I said well if um if all all the cancers that we know are fermenting uh to get energy that says there's some commonality between them. So in order to in order to justify that I had to go back and go through historical records on ultra um um uh hisystologology m the the the um you know the way electron microscopy ultra structure of the cells in a cancer. So I would look at lung cancer, breast cancer, colon cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer, blood cancers and I was looking for a commonality and that commonality uh was abnormalities in the number structure and function of mitochondria in all of the major cancers and and that's what I found. And in the in the concepts of evolutionary biology, structure determines function. This is a a a a wellestablished concept. Structure determines function. If the structure of the organel that generates energy through oxygen is abnormal, the function of that organel will be diminished in some significant way leading to an alternative energy which would be fermentation. So when I went back and looked at all of the major cancers, I found abnormalities in all of these different cancers. Uh and then that would lead to the explanation that they would all need to have fermentation in one way or another. uh and that leads to the the concept that if they do ferment there's only two fuels that they can ferment which is glucose and glutamine and we know every major cancer is dependent on glucose and glutamine fermentation. So it comes right back to the yes they look different under the microscope they look different in their genomic profiles but metabolically they're all very very similar and will respond quite effectively to a singular strategy of metabolic therapy. the ketogenic diet or certainly the presence of ketones in the body is now you know the research is accelerating so fast we're seeing benefits potential benefits of ketones in neurodeenerative disease in Alzheimer's in mental illness in cancer of course in weight loss and it's really interesting isn't it that how can this one fuel source or potentially this one diet, ketosis. And of course, there's many ways to get into nutritional ketosis. But it's it's it's very interesting to me how this could potentially have a wide variety of different benefits for a wide variety of seemingly different conditions. Now, let's look at this methodically. Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right. I mean, okay, le let's go back to our um paleolithic ancestors. All right, so uh our uh for uh thousands and thousands of years um we were in a state of ketosis uh mainly because food was not available, carbohydrates were certainly very limited to seasonal situations. So our ancestors, we were always in a state of therapeutic ketosis. We we know that in the Aboriginal populations, not only was cancer rare, diabetes was rare, uh cardiovascular disease was rare, uh Alzheimer's was never heard of or rarely discussed or rarely identified um as some all of these things uh that we see that you've just uh mentioned are all linked to mitochondrial uh function. So, uh, ketones, as I said, as as my late good friend, um, uh, Richard Vichch from the National NIH, ketones are a super fuel. Uh, they allow the health and vitality of our mitochondria, they they allow our mitochondria to remain very very healthy. So, when you when you talk about um, you know, all of these different linkages for all these different diseases, they all comes back to energy metabolism. And we didn't have uh uh all of these chronic diseases when we were existing in the Paleolithic period. We had other things that would kill us like uh infections, bacterial infe. We didn't have antibiotics, uh falls, uh arthritis, you would have a variety of things that would limit your capability of of longer term survival, but cancer, dementia, cardiovascular disease, all of these kinds of things uh were not there. So or very very rare. So you're when you say ketogenic diet, it's actually you got to be very careful because it's not necessarily a ketogenic diet. It's the state of being in therapeutic ketosis is is and a ketogenic diet can put you in therapeutic ketosis. But many of these so-called ketogenic diets uh are not done correctly. People go out eat too much of it. They don't do it the right way. It's nutritionally imbalanced. Yeah, I mean, but uh but the bottom line, the the underlying theme here is nutritional ketosis prevents chronic diseases. There's a really interesting point there, right? So, if we're going to talk about, as I hope we get to during this conversation, nutrition and cancer and the link between it, and you've covered bits of it throughout this conversation so far, a lot of people will talk about and there's there's there's lots of N equals one studies, there's lots of anecdotes of people uh saying that I got a cancer diagnosis and it caused me to stop and look at everything in my life and I changed dramatically my lifestyle. I started to meditate. I lowered stress. I stopped traveling all the time for work. I went on a keto diet, for example, and you know, my cancer never came back, right? Or whatever it might be. You you hear that a lot with uh a ketogenic diet. And of course, that can be practiced in many different ways. But you also hear people saying that if they radically change their diet to plant-based diets, right? There's many case studies out there that I've heard or certainly people reporting. Now, it's really interesting to me because I'm trying to put it all together and go, "Well, okay, what Thomas just said was that it's not necessarily a ketogenic diet, it's the state of ketosis." So, I guess what I'm trying to get to, a plantrich diet uh will have lots of polyphenols, right, within it. And I know there's been quite a few studies showing the benefits of polyphenols in terms of their role as signaling molecules and what they can do for cancer risk. Given what you know about cancer, how do you put these two things together where some people say they revolutionize their health with a keto diet, other people will say that they've done it with a plant-based diet. How does that sit with you when you think about cancer? Just taking a quick break to give a shout out to Vivo Barefoot Shoes. Now, I've been a huge fan of Vivo Barefoots for over 10 years now, well before they started supporting my podcast. They are the only shoes that I wear and they really have had a huge impact on my own life and the lives of many of my patients. You see, when people start wearing minimalist shoes like Vivos, you can see improvements in things like back pain, hip pain, knee pain, foot pain, even things like plantto fasciitis can often get better. And scientific research shows us that just wearing Vivos for about 4 months or so improves the strength in your feet by over 60%, which is absolutely incredible. One thing people don't realize about these shoes is just how flexible they are, which allows your feet to do what your feet naturally want to do rather than the shoe dictating your foot's movement. Vivo Barefoots are giving my audience a 15% off one-time code when you make your first order. And they make it really easy for you to give them a try. They give a 100day trial for new customers. So, if you don't like them, you just send them back for a full refund. I'm a huge fan. I really hope you take advantage of this offer. To get your 15% off code, all you need to do is go to vivobarefoot.com/livemore or click on the link in the description box below. Yeah. Well, I think those are important points and you know, we don't have answers uh to all of that yet. I I I know Kelly Turner wrote a book on called rad radical remission and uh um in her book on these cancers that you've just mentioned like some people just do something different and cancer goes away. She she kind of cataloged all of the different kinds of things that were linked to rad so-called radical remissions and and a large amount of it had to do with a dramatic change in diet and lifestyle. uh whether whether you were a carnivore going through a vegan or a vegan going through a carnivore, it it seemed it seemed as though there were radical changes in diet and lifestyle that were um uh linked to these uh these remissions. Uh you have to you have to realize um the cancer the cancer cell is a cell uh hovering near death all the time because it can't get energy efficiently. So it has to depend upon the fermentation fuels in the micro environment and ever whenever you change the whole physiology of your body you are creating all the we evolved as a species to survive under incredible uh stresses in our environment whether it's cold hot food absence food abundance or whatever it was uh Rick Pototts of the Smithsonian Institution described it uh as our flexibility in uh survival Cancer cells can't do that. They they're very limited. So when you have these radical changes in your body going from one state to another, sometimes this just the tumor cells just simply cannot handle the change in some people making these radical changes. So you don't have a a very uh a good clinical trial or a sophisticated approach to say you know what is responsible for the elimination of your cancer by by this radical change. All we know is the tumor cells up and died and they disappeared and you're now healthy. Um, in the movie that's coming out, the documentary film called um, Cancer Revolution um, by Brad and Maggie Jones. Brad is a professional documentary filmmaker and his wife Maggie who contacted me. She had u stage four breast cancer that metastasized to her brain. uh she went on one of these radical keto uh changes and she her cancer disappeared and she's still doing very very well. But they've collected a lot of these end of ones uh a lot of these people that you just mentioned and put them in the movie um and they're all the faces are there and I'm a survivor. I'm a survivor. One after another after another and she's collecting more and more of these individuals that had stage four cancers of a broad range. Lung cancer, brain cancer, colon cancer, breast cancer, and they're all alive. Yeah. Now, what is it? What is it about this? And there's no there's no comprehensive clinical trials on this because how would you design such a clinical trial to look at some sort of a radical change in your diet and lifestyle? Um there's a lot of variables that have not yet been pinned down that we should need to focus on. And this is the whole thing with using ketogenic diets for ma managing cancer. Uh what kind of ketogenic diet? That's why we developed the glucose ketone index calculator. We published this and what it does is allows the any patient healthy or sick uh to know whether they're going to be in a state of maximal metabolic homeostasis. And uh it's a meter. You can buy it on Amazon, the Keto Mojo meter. And it's a you take a a blood a drop of blood and you can measure with one stick your blood sugar and with another stick your blood ketones. And if you can get the ratio down to 2.0 zero or below, you are going to be in a state of metabolic homeostasis. And that that really puts tremendous pressure on cancer cells, uh, diabetes, uh, all of these variety. In other words, you're bringing yourself back to a state of metabolic home with a quantitative measure to let you know when you're there. Okay, I I want to talk about that. I just want to finish off um, from the previous question about keto diets, plant-based diets. Another way I was thinking about it as you were talking is that if we if we develop cancer based upon everything we've said so far I think it's fair to say that there's something going on you have been receiving a variety of inputs whether out of choice or not out of choice whether you're aware of or whether you're not aware of but whatever's happened your current environment has resulted in you developing cancer answer, right? We don't know maybe what exactly it was, but it was multiple signals from your environment and lifestyle. So, if you then undergo radical environmental and lifestyle change, I'm not saying no matter what, but you know, if you're significantly making changes, so the environment in which the human body is now existing is fundamentally different. Well, it kind of stands to reason that in some cases depending on how advanced that cancer is, depending on the type. It stands to reason that yeah, in some people the environment has shifted and you're no longer getting the inputs, so cancer cells are no longer sort of growing and proliferating, right? Does does that sound like a reason? That's absolutely correct. You're absolutely correct. Yeah. So, especially if you catch it like early. Yeah. Well, when you're many people, not all people, many people are first diagnosed with cancer. They never knew, oh gee, I just diagnosed with cancer. How do you feel? I feel great. Uh it's at that stage uh where the body is pretty healthy other than you have a growing tumor somewhere where you can do this radical change and blast out these uh marginalize and blast out these cancer cells. The problem the problem is many cancer many folks develop uh who are diagnosed with cancer immediately without any alternative thinking or recognized they go in for toxic poisons and radiation and and and what happens is that undermines the health vitality of the rest of the cells in the body making them less capable of challenging the vitality of these the existence of these tumor cells. So then all I get so many people contacting me who have failed every kind of a cancer treatment and the cancer is still growing and now they want to do one of these metabolic therapies and their bodies are raked uh you know they're they're emaciated. They they they have all kinds of adverse effects and all kinds of stuff and now you're going to ask your body to go through this uh tough radical change uh to try to eliminate you. They should have been doing that at the very beginning. Not to say it can't happen. Uh because when you have sometimes you get a stage four diagnosis, you're still in pretty good health. Oh, I got stage four diagnosis. Okay. Well, great. Now you do metabolic therapy to pound out those cancer cells. Not to say that we can't use radiation and chemo. Uh but they would be used in a very strategic way in very low doses at the right time at the at the right setting, but not uh massive poisoning at the beginning of this disease. Yeah, that that that is such a key point because I really think that that that message has to come through land and clear which you're not necessarily saying that we shouldn't be using some of these modern advances like chemotherapy or radiotherapy. What I think you're saying, as you've just pointed out there, is essentially that look, let's get involved with the metabolic side of things right at the start, you know, and I'm guessing you're going to say that in some people that may be sufficient. In others, it's going to reduce the size. It's going to allow some cancer cells to die off. So, you can be a bit more targeted and use lower doses of chemotherapy or radiotherapy. Right. Absolutely. Absolutely. We have seen that ourselves you know uh you shrink the tumor down and make it extremely vulnerable. Now you can come in with say uh one of these uh therapies um modern more modern therapies at a lower dose in a more strategic way to finish off the cancer survivors that the metabolic therapy wasn't able to kill. Because one thing is going to be in common when you pair down your cancer cells are all kinds of as I said they're all genetically different from each other. They're all fermenting uh but they're all genetically different from each other. But when you pair them down, the survivors of metabolic therapy will have something in common and that that commonality uh makes them extremely vulnerable now to some sort of targeted therapy because all your all the cells are going to have the same target on them. Uh so that's the STR. So in other words, we need we have a lot of tools for managing cancer. It's just that we haven't been using them in the correct way or understanding the concepts of evolutionary biology to enhance the success of the of the treatments that we already have. Yeah. We kind of need to embrace this approach more. Not going either or. It's like, well, why can't you do both? Why why can't we do both? But but we're not but going back to what I said at the start that I was in I started medical school in 1995, right? We were taught how to diagnose and we were taught to treat with pharmaceuticals. End off. Right. That is literally what we were taught. And again, that can be very useful for certain conditions. But there's a big piece missing there. Right. So the training needs to evolve and I I honestly don't feel it has evolved even now, you know, almost 30 years on. Yeah. Well, you're you're 100% correct and and uh what we know, we base it on on the science. I mean, I I do the experiments here in the lab. I I I I have the best animal models for cancer. So, we know what it's doses, timing, and scheduling. This is not what we call sexy science. This is just knowing how to how to manipulate the tools that you have to the maximum efficiency. And then we can translate that directly to patients in the clinic. when I have all these my physician colleagues say they're coming to me and they're saying wow you can't believe how powerful this stuff is uh when you do it the right way our group in Istanbul Turkey are using uh metabolic therapy with conventional uh uh treatments and they're using far lower doses and and the outcomes are are so much better so this is an evolving uh process right now but I agree 100% we have to do we have to know the tools that we have what will work the best and how to how to blend the system. Um, but that we're not doing that. Uh, we're not doing that at all. I have all this information. I publish all these papers. We do all this kind of stuff and then when the cancer patient goes to their oncologist, no, there's no evidence to support that. If it were really true, I would have learned it in medical school. Well, we'll get into that because I've got a few things to share about that. Let's go to that glucose ketone meter that you mentioned. That sounded really interesting. Right. So, you're measuring the ratio between glucose in your blood and ketones. Is that right? Yes. Now, if you were to take, you live in, I think, Boston. If you were to go out into the center of Boston and pick the first 10 people who passed you on an average street downtown on a Saturday afternoon, right? What do you think the glucose uh ketone ratios would be in that population typically? I know exactly what they would be because we we've done these kind of Okay. [laughter] Not to guys walking through the streets, but to the students in that at the university. So we can all of us we test uh it's about 50 to 60 sometimes 70. Oh, hold on. So 50 is that to one? So it's basically Yeah. So, so it's um you would have glucose levels um well you can do normally uh your glucose levels would be uh let's say 100 milligrams per decaler. What does that come out to be? You have to divide that by 18 and that gives you the millolar uh ratio is that 4.5 or something like this. Um you know 4 point and the ketone value in millolar would be 0.1. So you divide the uh 4.5 by 0.1 or one of these kinds of things. Okay. Uh you you come up with a value about 50. I I I have all the the numbers there. About 40 to 50 times higher based upon that. Yeah. Okay. So then you stop eating like for how like when we did the water only fasting here with the students um it takes about four days and then you start to see the ketones rise and the glucose drops. So uh um because you stop eating once you stop eating you're not bringing glucose back into your system. Um the only way you're going to get glucose now is through the process of gluconneogenesis where your body will make glucose from breaking down uh proteins and also you mobilize the fats and most of these are called triglycerides. So the two glycerol backbones could be conjugated to make one glucose molecule but the majority of the fats are going to be used to make ketone body. So the ketones are going to gradually increase in your bloodstream and their glucose gradually goes down and you come to a a ratio where the ketones and the glucose are about the same similar miller or in your blood or the ketones are higher in millolar than the glucose. Therefore you get numbers below one and that becomes super healthy. So you did you say before you want to get to two or below ideally well for killing can for killing cancer cells for sure. Um, but for just general health, yeah, you can get down to five or even um like my my good friend Dom Dagustinino from University of South Florida. He's always in ketosis, right? He's always in this kind of estate. Uh he's like one of these Paleolithic guys, you know, he likes to eat alligators and squirrels. I mean, it was one of these kinds of guys. He's always He's like living he's like living the Paleolithic. I I really like Don's work and I I'm hopefully going to try and get him on the show later in the year. and and he shared well we'll get to this maybe later but he did share one of his colleagues I think in a was it a mouse model where they had GBM glyobblasto yeah it was our model it was our model was your model yeah and actually um by using ketosis and radiotherapy there was like full remission I think from recollection it was hyperbaric oxygen hyperbaric oxygen we use hyperbaric oxygen as an alternative to radiation because both radiation and hyperbaric oxygen kill cancer cells by increasing reactive oxygen species. So ROS so if I can kill but the hyperbaric oxygen doesn't work until it doesn't work well until you bring your blood sugar down and your ketones up. So once you put the pressure on the cancer cells then you put patients in hyperbaric chambers once they're in a state of ketosis and then you start killing cancer cells by the same mechanism that radiation does but without harming the rest of the body. That's why it's beautiful. Yeah. So, so back to the glucose ketone meter for a second, right? So, the average person on the street who's maybe not paying attention to their diet may have a 50 to1 ratio, right? Yeah. You're saying that if you have cancer and you want to kill cancer cells, you want to get down to at least 2:1, ideally lower, right? Yeah. 2.0 or below. 2.0 or below. So, that's a huge change. Now, I don't know if you know this or not, but someone let's say like many people these days to try and put their type 2 diabetes into remission of following low carb diets. Um on a and I guess you know low carb can mean so many different things, but to many people it's when they keep their carbohydrate intake under 50 grams of carbs per day. Some people would use that as their definition, but of course I'm aware there's a huge variety there. If someone was having around 50 grams of carbs a day and on a low carb diet, what might you imagine their glucose to ketone ratio to be? Well, it's certainly going to be lower than what than it was before. You could use this meter, this uh we published the calculation and the uh the company that makes Keto Mojo um put a chip in the meter. So, you just push the button, it gives you the ratio right off the bat. So PA patients can can always monitor uh their GKI. We call it glucose ketone index. Their GKI. Do you do it yourself? Yeah, I do it occasionally. I I'll I'll uh some guy will tell me, "Oh, I got this keto drink, so I'll I'll I'll not eat for about 18 to 20 hours. I I'll take my my GKI, find out what it is, stop eating for it, and then chug his little little drink, do some exercise, come back and measure it again, and determine whether or not I'm in going in the right direction." And sometimes it does it does work. Do and do you have a feeling because I guess we can talk about treatment and we could talk about prevention. Right. So if you have cancer already, we know that there's been a variety of signals to your body and for whatever reason now cancer cells are starting to proliferate. So at that point you're saying no matter I think you're saying no matter what the cancer is or the sight of it one of the things you want to be thinking about is trying to reduce these fermentable fuel sources to the cancer which are glucose and glutamine and it's easier with diet at least to try and remove that glucose by going into ketosis. So far so good. Yeah, you're you're absolutely right. And and what what George Cahill, who was the head of the Joslyn Diabetes Center, passed away a few years ago. He found that the patients who did water only fasting to 14 to 20 days, the blood glutamine would go down as well. So, so if you want to push it that way, and I have I know personally several people who have completely eliminated their cancer by just doing water only fasting. Yeah. Uh now people when you tell cancer patients, oh you got to do you don't don't eat any food for 21 days or something, they'll think you're nuts. So that's why the the the keto uh like carnivore only diets uh were very low in carbohydrates. The vegan diets are a little bit harder because the plants we h but we have to use a lot of energy to to to burn the plants up. We didn't evolve to we were not born we did not evolve to eat only plants. We evolved we're omnivores. We can eat everything. But you're right. So the GKI values will tell whatever person, whether you're a vegan, a carnivore, or whatever. It it it cuts across all diets. It cuts across everything because it tells you right off the bat whether I'm in a zone to kill cancer cells regardless what they always ask me, can I eat this? Can I eat that? I don't know. I said, what does it do to your GKI? Yeah, this is interesting, right? Because we've all got different bodies. We've got different microbiomes, right? We all we're seeing that with personalized nutrition now that someone can have a banana and their blood sugar can go into their diabetic range. Someone else could have a banana and have a pretty stable blood sugar, right? So, right, I love things that cut through the nutrition wars because ultimately it's like, well, what's going to work for you? Do we know yet? And I I think I'm going to buy one of these glucose ketone meters straight after this conversation. I just want I I'd love to know what I'm in. Yeah. Everybody, [laughter] in fact, I I made the meter for glyopblasto patients with brain cancer because they they they need it more than anyone. But now I get all these health gurus out there, these guys that are running health clinics and everything and they're saying, "Oh, I got a GKI." Like, you know, it's like so uh obviously it's cutting across the the populations. What do you want your GKI at? You know, we're It's hard to say. All I know is that uh when you don't feel well and you feel kind of iffy, don't eat for don't eat for a couple of bad whatever was bothering you seems to go away when you're when you're having you start getting super healthy. Um but if I were to have cancer, having written the protocol to treat cancer prices with my colleague Thomas Durier, we're working on the treatment protocols right now. You know, the the first thing you're going to do is you're gonna you're gonna you take stop taking carbol get your GKI down. People say, "Oh, I don't care how hard it is that you get it closer to 2.0 or below below one, you're going to start killing cancer cells." So, what we do, because it's such a hard thing, what we do is we we we we take zero carb diets for about 10 days to see where your GKI is, and you can start to see it stairst step down in the right direction. And then from there you can step off into water only fasting because the trauma of doing water only fasting the difficulty of your physiology to do that like as as opposed to going cold turkey. Okay, you're going to eat a big meal today and now for the next five days you're not going to eat anything. The body goes through it's almost like trying to break alcohol nicotine addiction. Yeah. The body the brain is addicted to glucose. It's a it's like a it's like a an addictive agent. So, you have to lower that addiction slowly with a zero carb diet. You're still eating, but you're not getting carbs. And then once you're down to a a GKI of about five or seven, you jump now into water only fasting. Once you're in that zone of water only fasting now, and you can keep a low GKI, that's when we come in with the battery of drugs, these uh um these repurposed drugs that hammer hammer the glutamine and further lower the glucose. These tumor cells are toast. They can't handle this kind of a a dramatic change in your body. They often die. And not only that, the bo the body cells compete directly with the tumor cells, starving them even further. And not only that, it's called autoolytic cannibalism. Your body actually goes after the tumor cells and uses them for the fuel to for the rest of the cells that are healthy. It's unbelievable. You have to This is evolutionary biology in action. It is absolutely amazing to hear this. It's even more amazing to see it in action. Some people uh Thomas are going to say this is pretty controversial, right? You're you're talking about stuff that we've got no evidence for, right? You're talking about water. No, no. I I I know you have. I'm just trying to I'm trying to think about what would your critics say. Now, some people will say you need um people are going to lose weight, right? and you need proper weight to fight off this cancer and to deal with the toxic effects of the chemo. Right? So for anyone who is thinking that and I'm sure this has been leveled at you before, what would you say to them? Well, this is again uh an extremely uh important important point. Um uh you know when you say weight lo why why there's two reasons why you would lose weight with a cancer one is the cexia which is the signaling from the cancer cells to the muscles to dissolve the muscle to get glutamine for the cancer. So um and the other way reason for weight because the treatment you're going to be given this poor person is so poisonous. They have fatigue, diarrhea, um nausea, vomiting, all this kind of stuff. This is this is makes you lose weight. you're not hungry anymore. You're you're you're So, we want you to take as much carbohydrate back into your body to to keep the weight on. So, cexic weight loss and poisonous weight loss from poison. Um, this is called pathological weight loss. You're you're you're sick as opposed to therapeutic weight loss. When you stop eating, your body gets super healthy. It doesn't you're not poisoning the body. You're making it stronger and healthier. So that's why depending on the weight of the patient at the time we start the or my colleagues will start the treatment, we have to design the kind of treatment that would be appropriate for that individual's body weight. If you have some guy walking into the into the the clinic that weighs 300 lb and you're worried about him uh losing weight from the treatment. I mean this is absurd. This kind of this guy with that amount of body weight can blast the hell out of his cancer. So uh just because he has so much energy stored in his body that that tumor cells won't be able to use the fats that he mobilizes. So you have to use it you you have to understand the difference between therapeutic weight loss versus pathological weight loss and the medical establishment hasn't come to recognize these differences yet. So they don't they think weight loss is bad. Uh yeah because you're poisoning somebody you know um that you're going to you're going to lose weight because you're poison. You don't have to poison. The the thing of it is is that once you do metabolic therapy, the amount of drugs that you would need to kill off the tumor cells now becomes so much less. So you're really you're really dealing with an altogether different physiological state. But getting back to your really important point is when the cancer patient goes into the clinic, they should be uh at least told that there are alternative options to the treatment plan that we have been indoctrinated to use. So, I I think and that's where we have this problem. There's uh one-sizefits-all. You you're either you either do it my way or the highway. And so many cancer patients email me and say uh I asked my oncologist if he could help me do metabolic therapy and he says there's no evidence to support that. And I say, well, you got to read the scientific literature and you have to understand the science and then you'll know that it works. And what's more important, you're 100% correct. Many cancer patients would love to be participants in their health care. They want to know that they're that their actions are also helping them survive. And the traditional cancer treatments we have today takes that completely out of their hands. They just sit there get radiation, chemo, and whatever they're going to give this patient with the patient absolutely doing nothing. Yeah. I mean, there's so much to unpack there. I'm loving my conversation with you. I think this is so important we get this message out. But one of the frustrations will be I'm sure for some of the listeners or viewers on the back of this is they'll hear this information and maybe they have cancer or a family member has and they may go to their oncologist and have this conversation and cancers are this will be shut down and it will be like look I don't know about that stuff. I mean, four years ago, a really close friend of mine, his son, I think at the age of maybe six or seven, was diagnosed with an optical pathway glyoma. And of course, very scary to, you know, for your child to have this tumor inside your brain. And, you know, initially they started, I think, down the conventional route. I think initially um he had a course of chemotherapy but as my friend started to read up and you know he went all in spent hours a day researching the papers experts like yourself listening and he thought wait a minute I'm not sure about this I'm not sure I like what's been offered versus what I think we can do he has basically for four years there has been no increase in size at all and he's done it all and to be fair I feel for he's done it all through a huge amount of stress he's taken on to you know seven days a week obsessively research the literature trying to get help not getting help from his oncologist you know he told me recently he said one of the first things his oncologist said to him was oh you're going to do the the the no sugar thing don't worry in four weeks you'll be back eating McDonald's they all are that's the first thing which is a pretty um I just don't know why or how a doctor would say that. What what even if that's what the doctor believes. I'm not convinced that that has any benefit at all uh to to saying that uh to a parent of a child with a tumor. I mean, what would you say to that? Well, I it speaks to a profound lack of knowledge on the part of the oncology community. And it's not just where you are. I see it all the time here in the States as well. um at the Mayo Clinic uh which is supposed to be you know a top-notch medical center and for certain aspects of medicine they they are but when it comes to cancer um they they're clueless. uh one a p one of the people who emailed me said they went to the Mayo Clinic with glyopblasto and one of the on the neurooncologist there said sugar has nothing to do with glyopblasto and I said that we we were the first to publish a direct uh association between glyopblasto in the mouse and how fast the tumor uh how the the sugar and how fast sugar could make a tumor grow and then that was replicated in humans with glyobblasto Hyperglycemia is an accelerant to rapid tumor growth and it's been repeated dozens of times and now it's been shown for almost every major cancer that the higher the blood sugar the faster the tumor grows. The lower the blood sugar the slower. This has been now repeated and yet for a person treating patients to say that speaks to a profound lack of knowledge on the part of not only that person but the entire establishment. Another person you might want to talk to is Pablo Kelly from Devon, England. Um Pablo uh chose no radiation, chemo or steroids to manage his glyobblasto. He's still alive. eight eight almost nine years. August will be nine years. And just and just and and just explain to people how bad the prognosis is when you have a diagnosis or when you have glyobblasto, a brain tumor. It it killed John McCain of our country, Ted Kennedy. It killed the president Biden's son, Bo Biden. I did the studies for for many many decades on glyobblasto. The issue is why is survival for glyopblasto so poor? There's been not a single major advance in a hundred years and I keep pointing this out. In 1925 survival was 8 to 14 months. In 2023 survival is 8 to 17 months. So I mean you're talking about no progress in a 100 years. Uh and what we have found what I have found in my research is not only is the tumor very bad, it grows, it grows rapidly. um radiation uh treatment frees up massive amounts of glucose and glutamine in the micro environment. When you irdiate somebody's brain tumor, the head swells uh the radiation for forces blood sugar into the to the stratosphere. And not only that, they give you highdose steroids to reduce the inflammation from the radiation which raises blood sugar even higher. So you're you're actually contributing a micro environment rich in the two fermentable fuels that drive the rapid growth of the cancer. I have published this over and over again and I said as long as you continue to continue to irdiate the person's brain you're never going to achieve a a level of success that you would expect. Now Pablo Kelly rejected radiation. He rejected timol. He rejected it all and went for metabolic therapy alone. People say oh he's only an N of one. Yeah. an N of one. He could be that he could be the the rule rather than the exception. But to stop the radiation of the brain by by onc by radiation oncologists is an absolute essential part for incre to to if you want to keep people alive longer, you have to stop irdiating their tumors. And we we have a treatment protocol that will that will hopefully do this. But I tell you, when you're when you are indoctrinated and and wrapped into a into this constant system, it's very hard to break the habits of what you're doing. Yeah. I think that's the problem. You know, I I genuinely believe that all doctors, nurses, health care professionals are doing the best for their patients based upon what they've been taught, based upon what they know, based upon the current paradigm. it and I know you've been shouting from the rootarts trying to shake up this paradigm and go you know the other the other thing to really think about here is that and I always say this when we're talking about nutrition changes is that look like there's there's very little downside here right [laughter] improving your diet whatever that means depending on what you're doing whether it's cancer or anything else there's no downside here right rarely you know well you know that's that's an interesting point you'll hear some of The people in the oncology center said, "Oh, that ketogenic diet is very dangerous. You're going to get cardiovascular disease or something like this." And and I I said, "What? You got a brain tumor. You got a glyobblastoma. You're worried." And and and the the issue is relative. You're exactly right. Downside. Do you think uh metabolic therapy has more downside than toxic radiation and poisonous chemicals? I mean, give me a break. And also, what you were saying, Thomas, before is that you could do them both. You could use the metabolic therapy to reduce the cancer size, improve the health of other cells, and then use small targeted doses which have less side effects. So it's not either or. So Pablo Kelly, you're saying what has been a life of what, eight, nine years. Is that right? Yes. Yeah. And he he was given nine month nine months to live. Wow. And and he said no. It's all over the English newspapers. There was many Where did you say he lives? Devon. Deon. Deon. I might I might try and get a hold of him. Oh, get a hole. He's a He's a character. He he he can tell you what he did. And he now he since got married. He has two children. Uh he would have never had any of this. So, uh um if he had followed uh standard standard of care would have killed him uh a long time ago. So, he was bold. He he was bold though. He he really fought against uh using the standard of care despite all the the dire prognosis that he was given. Thomas, one thing I I really want to make sure we make clear, right? You have mentioned how hyperglycemia, so elevated blood sugar levels, is an accelerant for tumor growth, right? And that fits with everything we've been talking about so far. Metabolic dysfunction, a problem in the mitochondria. You know what happens when a cancer cell is there? It no longer uh is using oxygen appropriately. It's getting its fuel from fermentable sources, which is glucose and glutamine. So, it makes sense when you have a diagnosis of cancer, you may want to reduce sugar, reduce glucose, maybe go into ketosis. But if we shift our lens to prevention, right, of course, there are many things that can cause cancer. you we've already mentioned that diet, lack of exercise, um environmental pollutants, carcinogens, whatever it might be. Can we say that sugar is causing cancer? Because I think that's this where we really need to be very careful with our messaging, right? What what's there's something to do with our diet as a therapeutic intervention if we have been diagnosed. But what if you are I don't know in your 30s and 40s and and pretty well and you listen to my podcast you try and stay healthy try and make small changes you know what's the relationship there between sugar and cancer well I I think we can never call sugar a carcinogen we cannot we cannot yeah no sugar is not a carcinogen okay but sugar uh creates a systemic inflammation in the body over time C reactive protein goes up. Now, how do we know this? Obesity, the obesity epidemic, which is now becoming worldwide in in industrialized societies. The obesity epidemic is the result of of the stores. You get fat by storing carbohydrates. You don't get fat by eating carb. That's why you lose weight with a ketogenic diet. You you you can't you can't store fat. You store carbs as as fat. You don't store fat as fat. people. This is another tremendous mis mis uh conception misunderstanding. So we have an obesity epidemic. Obesity has now replaced smoking as a major risk factor for cancer. How do you get obese? By consuming too much carbohydrate in the diet, especially poorly nutritious carbohydrates. Not complex carbohydrates that you see in certain plants and in certain grains, but you get it from consuming those foods that have minimal nutritional value with high levels of processed carbohydrates. I fructose corn syrup and all these kinds of things. Um they are provocative to becoming obese, elevating blood sugar. Elevated blood sugar is an accelerant to growing tumor. So, so clearly all of these things come together and it's basically diet and lifestyle. Yeah, we all would like to prevent cancer, but when we have fast food stores on every corner, we have Coca-Cola. We have everything that's in our environment that makes us feel good. We evolved as a species to love sweets. Our brains are geared to love sweets and we have sweets everywhere. So, it's again it's moderation. We try to do what we can do to moderate our consumption of highly processed carbohydrates and that will reduce the risk for can not only cancer but a lot of these diseases as well. I think you know the the the truth as I see it at least is that many people are really struggling right they they do have they either live in a food desert where they can't get access to decent foods they're in poverty they've had a problematic relationship with food so I I think on an individual level I think that it's complex as to why so many people are overweight certainly that's my experience as a clinician um but I think we can say as a society we're not really putting this front and center If if government for example really wanted to address frankly beyond reducing our risk of cancer reducing our risk of obesity and type two diabetes you know they could uh put in place a lot more policies for example I don't know make sure that there's uh affordable healthy food for all of the population make sure the food in hospitals and schools is healthy and health promoting rather than health decimating. We'll be back to the conversation in just a moment. Now, many of us struggle to find time to eat all of these incredible whole foods. That's why I'm a big fan of good quality whole food supplements like this one that's been in my own life for over 3 years now. It contains over 75 whole food source ingredients, vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and can help us support our energy, focus, digestion, and our immune system. AG1 are giving my audience a fantastic offer. Oneear supply of vitamin D and five free travel packs with your first order. You can see all details at drinkagg1.com/livemore or just click on the link below. And now back to the conversation. Right. So I just want to clarify that cuz I'm sure you would agree. Oh, you're 100%. But you know, it's an industrial thing. Uh the food industries are extremely powerful. Uh they control politics as well as the pharmaceutical industries. Yeah. So you have massively powerful industries uh that um thrive on on on the health health problems of the of the country. And you're right about food deserts and people are stressed out and food makes them feel better and a lot of that food is full of carbohydrates that puts them at risk for all these different diseases. But the governments could do a better job. But you know who are the governments? They're congressmen, senators, uh these guys. and they get money from these different industries to run their campaigns and and and they're not going to come out and all of a sudden shout that we have to reduce carbohydrates in the diet uh to make our population healthier. Um and the drug companies are making money handover fist on on all these crazy drugs that they're giving to people. But I think it falls on our shoulders ourselves. Now now I can I can you're right. I I can speak from a different perspective than the poor guy who's living hand-tomouth and his his his food can only be cheap foods that's poorly nutritious. He can't afford the garden variety of stuff that's more generally more expens grass-fed beef and all this kind of stuff. I mean, so you're caught in a you're caught in a between a rock and a hard place. So, um yeah, these are difficult problems that need to be addressed. And two things I just wanted to finish up on there. Um, as you mentioned earlier on in this conversation, you can put on weight on a ketogenic diet if you eat too much, right? So, I think processed carbs are absolutely uh we're eating too much of them, but but I think people are losing weight on a whole variety of different diets. You know, I guess it's for me it's a question of what what is the whole foodbased diet because I'm I'm interested in weight loss and health promotion. You can technically eat 500 calories of garbage each day and lose weight, but I'm, you know, if you have a whole foodbased diet, it's a case of what can you do consistently that's going to help you eat the right amounts. Well, this is very your your point. There's some recently within the last month, I think, some guy lost 50 pounds eating only McDonald's food and and you say, "Wow, how is that possible?" He ate half he would order something and eat only half of it. He he ate he in other words he did calorie restriction [laughter] and he lost weight by just I said eating eating food but only had half the amount that he normally would eat. He lost weight he he got he he felt good but the there was another guy who ate as much as you could get superersized meals. This was about 10 or 12 years ago and that guy within a month got cardiovascular disease obesity and every all the other. So again, it's the amount and types of food that uh you are addressing to keep your body in a in a in a state. And I think the key point there to to conclude is look, obesity is a massive risk factor for cancer, right? That's not trying to shame anyone. That's not trying to have a go at anyone. It's just trying to look at the science and and share it. I think a lot of people do not know Yeah, I agree. by by you stating that you have informed whoever is listening that obesity is a major risk factor for cancer. So uh um and I think a lot of people aren't aware of that and I and I think uh that by that statement getting out in the world uh makes people think twice uh about their uh weight condition. Professor, it's been a real joy uh talking to you. I know you've been in this field for for many decades now and you're you're still banging the drum. You're trying to get people to see that there's a metabolic cause to cancer and that maybe we need to, you know, relook at how we view cancer and how we treat cancer. There's plenty more we haven't got to. Maybe I can tempt you to a for a part two at some point in the future. I'm pretty sure my audience are going to love this conversation. But just to finish off then for people who've heard that and are inspired to go, okay, I'm with you. I can see how poor metabolism, metabolic dysfunction, mitochondrial dysfunction is going to increase my risk of getting cancer. What can I do right now? I don't have cancer, but I want to reduce my risk of getting it in the future. I wonder if you could share some of your top tips for people as to what they can actually practically do. Well, I think exercise is absolutely essential. Um, keeping your because bringing oxygen into your blood, having good blood flow increases uh physiological function. If you can reduce the amounts of high carbohydrate foods that you eat with exercise and occasionally look at your GKI, your glucose ketone index, uh you're going to ward off not only cancer but probably type two diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and even dementia. So, uh, all of these things are linked to a common problem in in disturbed metabolic homeostasis. So, um, so I think there are definitely things people can do and it's hard when you're sitting in traffic, uh, traffic jams and then you have to rush up and sit in front of your computer and or in an office somewhere. So, all of these things are not consistent with our evolutionary origins. But I think if people have become aware of these things, at least they can in their own lives try to adjust adjust their their their situation to to recognize this. And sleep, chronic stress, these sort of things. Well, that's another thing, too. Sleeping, you know, good sleep. Yeah. Right. Who who wouldn't like to have that? Uh yeah, [laughter] stress. What do you do for stress, you know? I mean, we're all stressed out. People was used to smoke like crazy to reduce stress. now they stopped smoking and now they got fat and now they they got [laughter] this they're back in the same spot for a different reason. Yeah. So, uh you know, it's just it's just um but but the point but the point is is that all of these things really do make a real difference at reducing your risk of cancer in the future. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. And maybe this is just a little teaser for the next time we talk. You mentioned earlier on that intermittent hypoxia is one of the things that can drive the mitochondrial dysfunction. I wanted to really expand what you meant by that. Did you mean obstructive sleep apnnea, things like that? Because you also because you then mentioned exercise as being a way of delivering more oxygen, right? Yeah. No, that's what Warberg even showed that it was intermittent hypoxia that he thought was responsible for majority of cancers. We we've expanded upon that and we've shown the mechanisms by which that can happen. So yeah, that's another story. I mean, we've done we've done a lot of uh uh research and and and we recognize these things and and intermittent hypoxia can be prevented by by uh oxygenation and exercise and eating the right foods. So again, coming back to a similar kind of thing. Well, we'll get to that in our next conversation hopefully. But just to finish off then, are you hopeful? Are you hopeful that we can do something different to make an impact in our rates of cancer? Oh, absolutely. I mean the absolutely and Warberg even said that we could reduce 80% of our cancers and I believe that if we but now we we have a plan we know what's going on. We have an understanding of the mechanism by which cancer occurs and we really understand how we can manage it. The problem is getting that to be adapted in the uh in the clinics and and the education that requires uh in the medical schools uh to train the physician that diet lifestyle issues are really important for managing uh chronic diseases and here is the strategy and and protocols for doing that and that's I think will be the future. Well, professor, thank you for your tireless work. Thank you for giving us some time. Thank you for coming on the show. Yeah, very nice. Thank you very much for having me. If you enjoyed that conversation, I think you are really going to enjoy this one about the four common causes [music] of decreased longevity and what we can do about

  Top Comments:
  1. @kimburns4386 [1 likes]: So If you tell your oncologist. I am on a keto diet, you can lower my Chemo Dose ??
  2. @otisimus1520: You have got to question anyone who believes in evolution.
  3. @dandydiyer: Amazing that you posted everything about your stupid products and didn't put the keto glucose meter in the description.  Now why is that after you spent 30 mins talking about?...
  4. @markosviancos1282: Cancer is the chemicals loaded in our foods
  5. @harrysollmer1644: I'm 65 going onto 66 I'm working inside outside everyday in the sunshine working 11 hr day's sleep and Go through rem sleep I eat unplastic food's drink unplastic water eat drink olive oil pressed by My own Press eat Raw Olive's homegrown iodine everyday I'm getting rid of inflammation I don't look 55 even I'm actively outdoors love Bush nature
  6. @Theverybestofthegoon: I have Neuroendocrine Carcinoma in my lungs and metastasised to my liver and spleen also two lesions in my brain for which I had gamma knife radiotherapy.  I had three rounds of Carbo chemo which didn’t work so now I am on CAV chemo for one infusion so far and three to go. I she. Regularly been in a Keto diet and also completed a 5 day water fast. Is it too late to stop the chemo and go for the Keto (GKI) and water fast before my body is totally shot by the CAV. I have been told 9 months? My oncologist I believe would be one of those that would not recommend. Currently though I have possibly an 8% body fat so a 15-20 day water fast might not be a good option. Who should I speak to directly to get a different approach to chemo. Physically though, I have never felt so well…I just have cancer!
  7. @TommyTCGT: and The 1939 UK Cancer Act PROHIBITS the publication of ANY cancer cure making it illegal to cure with known cures, such as essiac since 1934, protocols of Drs Clark and Burzynski, herbs of Hoxey and J Winters, Bosnia Pyramid, D3 etc
  8. @CharlieParkerTX: I am a plant based eater. I think what he has to say sounds very interesting. If I was faced with a cancer diagnosis I would try his protocol on a plant-based ketogenic diet. With guidance from a medical professional.
  9. @sumanjha6896: Is this Metabolic therapy from Dr Seyfried available in India?
  10. @rogerfontaine1042: Thank you ❤
  11. @ranjibborah3274: Very very important  podocast !
  12. @tsvetelinkolev50: Can you tell us which is this group of colleagues in Turkey so that we patients could adhere to them and treat ourselves? Please
  13. @joycepriceenos6623: Need th link please
  14. @mangoqueen1681: Our government, Big Ag and Big Pharma have been knowingly poisining us. This is NOT NORMAL
  15. @tiservices4u: My gut feeling is that the mammograms are one of the top reasons of breast cancer in women. People don't realize that during the mammograms the Brest glands and tissues get heavily damaged, literally crashed/mushed. All those damaged cells become internally inflamed and not treated and by the time your body worked so hard to heal itself a year later (earlier it was "recommended" to do ever 6 months after the age of 40) you doctor again sends you to have a mammogram.... Do it for a couple of years, topped with food, lifestyle, etc there you have - the beast is growing within you silently until the next time the mammogram show some kind of abnormal growth inside a breast.  The to make it even worse the send you to biopsy which pocks open the inflamed bubbles of those tumors and make it spread and infect the healthy cells around again without treatment for the next 2-4weeks untilvthe "results" of biopsy come back and by that time the inflammation spread all around. Add to that the stress and fear from the news " you have cancer" dehydrates and deoxygenated cells and there you go... Drugs, radiation, chemo and the whole body is messed up totally. 

Look at the Brest cancer data before mammogram being indirectly mandated to all women now 35yo up and you will see why the mainstream health sources can confidently "predict"  the close to actual number of women that will developed the following year or two years ..
Have you ever been curious based on what causality those sources can so pretty accurately announce those numbers, if they don't know what the cause of breast cancer is?
  16. @KT-fs2lh: When my mother was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. She immediately went on a diet. She does keto, eats clean foods, takes vitamin D. Fasting 23 hours a day because she now only eats 1 meal and she fasted completely for the first 5 days. she only eats keto. but she is still deteriorating very quickly. She starts to see yellow. sleeps more. she gets itchy. She gets sicker every day. If the diet worked, she wouldn't deteriorate, would she?
  17. @ALNSolutions: What can we do to reduce glutamate ?
  18. @ALNSolutions: What about how many times a day you eat? Is one meal a day best? No food after 3pm?
  19. @ALNSolutions: What does he think of the work of Prof Glen Jefferys on red light upgrading mitochondrial function by 30% ie the red light of dawn our cavemen forefathers would have got everyday? As the psalmist says ‘my praise shall awaken the dawn’
  20. @jolantajedrzejewska7869: Witam. Proszę o polskie napisy😊

- Rise In Obesity & Disease: How To Fix Your Diet For Overall Health & Longevity | Dr. Steven Gundry: Kind: captions Language: en There's no doubt that our epidemic of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and memory loss is laid at the feet of our metabolic inflexibility. Dr. Steven Gundry, welcome back to the show. Tom, thanks for having me. Great to be here. Dude, it's really good to have you. I really enjoyed this book. As I've said many times on this podcast, I judge a guest by whether the research is going to move me forward in my life and Unlocking the Keto Code is really intriguing and I'm super grateful that I'm going to get to drill down on some of these. So, keto changed my life. So, I used to struggle profoundly with inflammation and when I discovered keto, it changed everything for me. It changed my relationship to hunger, to inflammation, to all of it. And in the book, you make it very clear that we don't understand some fundamental things about ketosis and ketones. And so, let's start with what don't we understand? Well, I guess the best place to start is what we thought we understood about ketones. And ketones and ketosis have been known about since the late 1800s. And I hope that a lot of people in the keto community know that the ketogenic diet, the the actual word ketogenic diet, was founded in 1930 at the Mayo Clinic as a treatment method for children with seizure disorders, epilepsy. How did they figure that out? Because that does not seem like a super obvious, at least for me as a lay person, not a super obvious conclusion to draw that that's sugar based. Well, what they found was that children who had severe epilepsy spent so long post-seizure and it's got a medical term called postictal state where they're okay, they're not seizing, but they're not really waking up. Um and they spent so many so many hours in this post-seizure state, repeated seizures, and then just kind of in a coma that they didn't eat very much. And they were literally starving. And they made the observation that kids who were starving because they had so many seizures paradoxically had less seizures the more they were starving. And so researchers first at Boston, and then at the Mayo Clinic, said, "Wait a minute. We know that ketones happen when you're starving. That's when it happens. So, it must be that ketones are doing something to these kids' brains. And are there other ways other than starvation to produce ketones? And one of the ways they found was, well, look, if you deny carbohydrates and really cut back on proteins and give kids mostly fat to eat, then they will make ketones even though they're not starving to death. These kids did very well on a ketogenic diet. 50% of them had complete seizure control. Uh recently, I've got a young man who's a high school student who despite two meds, uh was still having seizures so bad he was in special ed and falling way behind. His mother brought him to me in my clinic in Santa Barbara. And we put him on my ketogenic diet, which is kinder and friendlier. And the kid woke up. He's off of his medications. He's now playing any kind of keto before that? No. Okay. Not at all. So, went from meds to meds and keto or keto only? Keto only. We took him off his meds. Wow. He woke up, uh wasn't, you know, drugged. And now he's taking advanced classes and he's actually playing soccer uh for his soccer team in high school. Mhm. And he could not do any of this. I mean, can you imagine a kid with a severe enough seizure disorder being on two meds now actively playing high school soccer. Um just by changing back into vogue? So, I had somebody on the show when this was still Inside Quest. His son had um seizures, epilepsy, and he said they didn't even tell him about ketogenics because they said compliance was so low that they didn't even mention it to parents anymore. And he had to like go do his own research and he found some obscure article in like a journal from the 1950s. He was like, "Hold on a second." Did the same thing, put his son on, boom, total total remission. Yep. Has not had a seizure in like 20 plus years. Yeah, well, that's a great point. So, the ketogenic diet, the high-fat ketogenic diet for seizures once phenobarbital and Dilantin came and the new seizure drugs came uh it died uh because kids couldn't do an 80% fat diet. They actually had growth retardation and they just wouldn't follow it. So, what happened actually in the '80s was people discovered medium-chain triglycerides, MCT oil. And this oil was the miracle oil that some of these TV shows were done. And what they found was that MCT oil could convert into ketones in the liver and we'll get into why why that happens. And they found that if you put kids on a MCT oil-based diet you could give them far less MCT oil, far less fats, and you can give them tons of carbohydrates, which I'm a parent and grandparent now, and you cannot deny children carbohydrates as much as you as much as we think we should. So, these kids could have more carbohydrates, more protein, they could grow and develop normally, but they'd still stop their seizures. Yeah. How much do you have to reduce the carbohydrate intake if you're using MCT oil? You can't just You can't just add MCT oil, right? You still have to modify. Really? So, no matter how much carbohydrate I'm intaking What's amazing is, and this is human studies, you can take a tablespoon of MCT oil, which is not much, and you can actually, within a half an hour, generate a generous amount of ketone body production from the liver. 0.5 At least 0.5, 0.8, 1. Wow. From 1 tablespoon of MCT oil. I've never tried it, so I can't deny it, but man, knowing how hard it is to produce ketones without it, that's scandalous. Yeah, and that was the beauty of this. And so, when I, you know, I actually started writing this after after I wrote The Energy Paradox, which we've talked about, and I was trying to explain, you know, how where ketones fit in to all this in terms of energy production. And as you know, I like to back up what I say with research, either my own or somebody else's. And as I was trying to explain how beneficial ketones were for energy production, for protecting mitochondria, for turning mitochondria into fat-burning efficient machines, and I started looking at, you know, the research to back up what I was saying, I went, "Holy cow. Uh I'm wrong this and so is everybody else. Ketones aren't some fantastic that? Most people cannot, especially if they've talked about it publicly, they can't change their position. Hopefully that's make makes me one of the more believable nutritionists around because I'm always willing to say I was wrong. So what was the first thing that made you go, "Wait a second, I don't think we were on the right path." Well, one of the most, you know, amazing things. And I I I've had a ketogenic diet in all my books for last 20 years. I've had a ketogenic program for my patients. And looking back, when you actually look at the list of things I allow on my ketogenic diet, there's tons of carbohydrates. And yet it works extremely well. And I've been using MCT oil for my program from kind of day one. So I and I've written that ketones make you an efficient fat burner. And I firmly believe that. So I was going to prove how ketones actually make your mitochondria incredibly efficient at making energy. Right. And probably the best way to explain this is we know that ketones were discovered during starvation. And nobody quite figured out why they were produced until the 1930s. But then, how ketones came about to be known what they did really started in the late 70s, 80s, up to the year 2004 at both Harvard with George Cahill and Dr. Owens and Dr. Veech at the NIH. And they wanted to know, okay, well, what were ketones doing? They're We We do things by accident. And so they started to look at okay, human beings clearly have starved for multiple times. We didn't have As a species. As a species. We didn't have 7-Elevens next to us. We We didn't have fast food. We We didn't have refrigeration. We didn't have storage systems. And we had to find or kill food. And there were famines and there were times not much food. So we were designed when we found food to store a lot of it as fat. And I've written about this in previous books. Great apes, interestingly enough, only gain weight during fruit season. And fruit season doesn't happen year-round in a jungle. It really only happens in the summer and early fall. We gained weight because the winter and spring was actually times of less food. So it became beneficial to take fruit and convert it into fat so we can make it through the winter. And that defect, it's actually a genetic mutation that allowed great apes to do that, we inherited as well. So we're really good at storing fat. In fact Yes, we are. Yes, we are. In fact, we're I'm better than most. We're called the fat ape for a reason. We We We best all apes at at storing fat. So when we don't have any food, normally, and I talk a lot about in this book and you and I have talked about this, most of us should have metabolic flexibility in our mitochondria. And mitochondria are the little energy-producing organ- organelles that take we the food we eat and produce ATP, our energy currency. And mitochondria, for anybody that doesn't know, are like aliens inside of our cells. They have their own DNA, which is crazy, and I still don't understand how that's possible, but nonetheless, it is true. And at some point two cells combined and they were able to handle oxygen by the mitochondria wrapping inside of the cell, which is bananas. There's actually a gaggle of them inside of every cell. Yes, there's bunches of them. Unlike our high school biology textbook that might have said shown one or two mitochondria per cell, there can be thousands of mitochondria. And they're actually engulfed they're engulfed engulfed bacteria from 2 billion years ago. And they actually carry or write their own DNA. And the cool thing about that and important part of the book is that mitochondria can divide and make more mitochondria without the cell they're living in dividing. So, if a mitochondria gets the right stimulation, and that's part of the book, they'll make a lots more of themselves and to share the energy load. So, getting back to starvation, normally you and I, hopefully, when we run out of sugar, we can immediately start burning free fatty acids. And that's the flexibility you're talking about. You can burn sugar, can burn fat. We should be a hybrid car. If we burn gasoline, we'll call that sugar. When the gasoline runs out, we've been storing energy in our battery. And when the gasoline runs out, we switch over to battery power until we go fill up at the filling station. Unfortunately, here's the weird thing. 50% of normal weight individuals have no metabolic flexibility. 50% of us Just because of modern diets. We're eating all the time, we are never in a quote-unquote starvation phase. Correct. If you're If you're overweight, 88% cannot shift between burning sugar and fat. If you're overweight, uh if you're obese, 99.5% of people cannot shift to burning fat as a fuel. And what's What does that mean? Why does that matter? Well, you normally, if you and I stop eating tonight, uh whenever, about 8 hours after we stop eating, we should actually run out of glucose as a fuel, and we should shift over to burning free fatty acids and ketones as a fuel until we get our next meal. That's normal. And by 12 hours of not eating, we actually ramp up ketone production to pretty much take over our brain's need for fuel temporarily. And your brain actually, if it runs out of sugar, starts dying. So, the implication for that brain is never without sugars? Believe it or not, the brain normally would run out of sugar in about 8 hours after we stop eating. Normally runs out of sugar. And it shifts over to using ketones as a temporary fuel. The reason it can shift over is once we stop eating, we start liberating free fatty acids, fat, from our fat cells. So, you're saying it would die if we didn't have ketones? Correct. Got it. Okay. So, normally, those free fatty acids come out of fat cells. Every one of our cells, except the brain, can use free fatty acids as a fuel and use them very well. And this has been, again, proven at Harvard and the NIH. Our muscles love free fatty acids. My research on the heart, years ago, showed that the heart prefers burning free fatty acids instead of sugar. It's favorite fuel. In fact, we protect the heart during heart surgery by putting fats into the heart. How? Uh through the veins and the arteries. I invented You You inject fat? Yeah. Yeah, well, we dissolve it in our cardioplegia. Yeah. Whoa. So, without that metabolic flexibility, then what happens? What happens is what we're discovering right now is that your brain cannot get life-saving ketones to burn as an alternative fuel. And your brain runs out of glucose as a fuel because you don't have any available. And your brain for several hours a night until you eat again, neurons die. And there's no doubt that our epidemic Mhm. Okay, so that is certainly terrifying, but means that we can do something about it. So, going back to where we left off. So, we go into starvation mode, we start kicking off these ketones. That feels like the sort of story up to before this book. People understood that. So, where do you begin to go, wait a second, we have a problem here? Okay, so we can make ketones. We make ketones from free fatty acids. They go to the liver and the liver generates ketones. Now, liver, interestingly enough, can't use ketones as a fuel. They are incapable. They don't have the enzyme to do it. Can it use free fatty acid? Yes. Okay. Liver loves free fatty acid. Which it gets as fat is oxidized, we get free fatty acids, and we can snatch them out of the bloodstream and use them. Right. And they're a great fuel, fabulous fuel. So, what everybody thought But they can't cross the blood-brain barrier. That's the problem, right? Cuz they're too big and fat, if you will. but as luck would have it, ketone bodies, ketones, are water-soluble small fats. And they can get through the blood-brain barrier. So, the brain can use ketones until glucose arrives the next morning or for several days. Now, that piece of the puzzle wasn't known. So, people like Cahill, people like George Veech, said, "Wow, ketones are clearly what made humans survive for a long time because we could use them as a fuel without burning up our muscle to make glucose. We can convert muscle protein into sugar. It's called gluconeogenesis. They actually showed that if you literally had to live on glucose as a fuel, your muscles would be gone after about a week of starvation. only way for gluconeogenesis to happen is from muscle tissue. Yeah, but you can also make gluconeogenesis from breaking glycerol molecules off of triglycerides and convert that into glucose. So, there is a way to get sugar from fat. Got it. We're really good at turning sugar into fat. We're really bad at turning fat back into sugar. We just don't have the enzyme system to do it. So, when this ketone was found, everybody said, "Wow, that explains everything. We can run on ketones and be great." Not so fast. Dr. Owens at at Harvard showed that at full ketosis, Human beings can only meet 30% of their calorie needs by burning ketones. The rest have to come from free fatty acids and glucose. So, that's kind of weird if they're such a great fuel. The brain, it turns out, even at full ketosis, only 60% of the brain's needs can be met by ketones. And the brain still needs 30 to 40% of its fuel as glucose, even at full ketosis. So, when I read that research, I went, "Well, wait a minute. This is not some super fuel. The body doesn't even view it as a super But, we don't do things for, you know, not a good reason. What the heck are ketones actually doing that's so beneficial? And that's what when I went down the rabbit hole and came out with Unlocking the Keto Code. Because ketones are not a super fuel. They are actually a signaling molecule that tells mitochondria to protect themselves at all costs from damage and to save themselves at all costs if you are starving to death. Because, quite frankly, if we're starving to death, if you don't protect your mitochondria that make energy, that's the end of us. You die. You're done. So, I read a silly little paper. It's actually maybe the one of the most important papers I've ever read by Dr. Martin Brand in the year 2000. And it's a simple paper called Uncoupling to Survive. And I hope all your viewers and listeners dig it up, you know, check with Google, it's there. And what he said was it just you know, talk about a paradox. And he said, "Look, in extremis, the mitochondria has to survive. So, the mitochondria is instructed by ketones to literally start wasting a lot of the calories that it would normally process into ATP and throw them away. My brain broke when I read that part of the book. I know. And I took down a note. I was like, "Hold on." And I know you answer it, but I was like, "There has to be an evolutionary advantage to this. I cannot see how in a moment of starvation we would want to kick off extra energy and {quote} {unquote} waste it. At least for me, this is all coming together at a moment where it feels like there's these breakthroughs in science which are all pointing to the depression of the mitochondria and their ability to produce energy in a good way, which is weird. Yeah. Yeah, I you know, I and most ketogenic diet experts have always taught that you know, ketosis, you teach your mitochondria to be energy efficient, to get energy out of every last calorie cuz you're starving to death. So, you need to turbocharge and supercharge your mitochondria to eke out every last drop of energy. And that makes incredibly It's intuitive. It feels right. really good. But what Brand said, "No, you're wrong. They do the exact opposite." And you go, "No, no, no, no, no, no. There's no food. Why in the world would you waste food?" what he showed was and I I have a fun time in the book talking about the Mito Club. Yep. Let's hear about it. Yeah, so so mitochondria make energy by energizing electrons and protons in this long tube called the electron transport chain inside of mitochondria. And I likened this long tube to the hottest hippest club in town where people go to the club to couple, to meet someone. To hook up. To hook up and if they hook up, they exit the club and let the imagination run. That's my energy. Get some energy. Get some energy. And this club is is hot, it's crowded, there's there's hormones through the roof, there's alcohol flowing and everybody's bumping into each other and everybody's trying to couple with everybody else. Normally oxygen should couple with a proton and exit the back door and make ATP. Oxidative phosphorylation, some people have heard. But because it's crowded and there may not be a lot of available protons that people want to couple with electrons could also couple with oxygen and they're not supposed to and they get they make nasty free radicals and reactive oxygen species and punches start being thrown, chairs are flying and beer is flying and there's bouncers in the club to try and calm this down and everybody knows about antioxidants. Turns out there's only two antioxidants in mitochondria. Surprise, surprise. melatonin, which most people don't even know is an antioxidant, the sleep hormone, and glutathione. Um there's only two. So, they're the bouncers. So, getting back, that club is hot, it's energy, there's damage being done. You got to keep this club under control. everybody's trying There's only one way out of this club through this back door. But, people are getting frustrated, and they want to leave because it's a bad day to couple, and they're not coupling. So, it turns out there's emergency exits in the club, where things get too hot, if people get too frustrated, they can push open an emergency exit and leave the club. The mitochondria have emergency exits. There's actually five emergency exits in our electron transport chain. And they're controlled um by uncoupling proteins. Now, I spent 6 months trying to figure out a better word for uncoupling. Uh and cuz people think of uncoupling like Gwyneth Paltrow getting divorced. I uncoupled my marriage. Uh but uncoupling means that instead of joining a proton with an oxygen molecule to make ATP, the proton leaves the club, leaves the mitochondria without making energy. So, what Brand showed, and others have subsequently confirmed, is that mitochondria, at rest, you and I sitting here, 30% of all the calories that enter our mitochondria right now, are going through these emergency exits and never making ATP. 30% just here. Normally. Normally. And you say, Not in starvation mode, just normally. You and I sitting here. And you go, "What a stupid idea. You and I have to eat 30% more calories every day just to make our normal amount of ATP." And you go, "Oh, why would I do that?" Well, it turns out generating heat is what those calories do. And you and I are warm-blooded animals. And in fact the only way we generate heat? It's actually the only way we generate heat. Okay, so the emergency exit is how we stay warm. Correct. And it turns out that brown fat, which a lot of people have heard of, brown fat is our energy, our heat-producing fat. Does that mean that brown fat has more mitochondria in it? It's so many mitochondria that it looks brown under the microscope. Okay. They are crammed in there. And we thought brown fat only existed in babies to keep them warm. Uh and there is a lot of brown fat in babies. But we now know that you and I actually have brown fat, and the more brown fat we have, the healthier we are. And we'll get to that. And what Brand eventually showed is if you look at the super old people, folks 105 and above, who are thriving, they have the most uncoupled mitochondria of anybody. And you go, "What? So, wait a minute. Uncoupling mitochondria must have huge benefits that none of us knew about." Let's get back to ketones. So, ketones tell mitochondria that trouble is a foot and to protect yourselves at all costs. So, the first thing you do, is don't damage yourself by making energy. And making energy is very damaging to my mitochondria. waste you know, making energy. Waste more calories. Protect yourself. Cool it a bit. But secondarily, that makes no sense because you got to have enough ATP to survive. So, simultaneously, the mitochondria is instructed to make more mitochondria to share the workload. Now, think about this. The Iditarod is, you know, being run and let's have a one one dog dog sled. Well, yeah, the dog can pull the sled, but he's not going to go very far before he tuckers out. But if you hook six dogs to the sled, each dog has a sixth of the workload that one dog has. So, they can go a lot farther with six of them doing less work. Now, the consequence of that is they actually are going to eat more food than the single dog to accomplish the same thing. So, now you go, "Wait a minute. A ketogenic diet is a really good weight loss diet." Can't be because the mitochondria are more efficient because if they're more efficient, they can get more calorie more food more energy out of calorie. energy. Right. And in fact, you lose weight. So, what happens is you actually in a ketogenic diet, if you do it right and uncouple your mitochondria, you waste fuel. You feed six dogs instead of one. And that's where the benefit of ketosis comes from. What's up, everybody? Tom Bilyeu here and I have a question for you. At the start of this year, you likely set some goals for yourself and I want to know how those are going. Most people give up on their goals and dreams by February, but I have some good news. If you're not on target to succeed at the things that you want to achieve this year, it's not too late and trust me when I say you are not alone. Everyone gets stuck and loses momentum towards their goals at some point, myself included. If you know what you're doing and you're willing to take massive action though, you can get back on track. The trick is not to think about being stuck as a problem with your motivation or to interpret your lack of results that you're getting as a sign that you're not smart enough. The trick is to recognize that the game that you're playing is a game of neurochemistry. It's about managing the way that you think about yourself and framing things in the right way. If you use your brain more effectively, repeat things that empower you, you can actually find ways to solve problems faster, create positive habits and behaviors that you know are going to help you reach your goal. I want you to take massive action right now, so I pulled a workshop from Impact Theory University called the six steps to getting unstuck and I want you to watch it right now. It's going to help you get back on track with your goals and make the rest of this year your most successful ever. To watch it, go to unstuckclass.com and register for access. I'll walk you through the same process that I use to get through obstacles and make fast progress towards my goals whenever something slows down. All right, guys. Enjoy this and be legendary. Take care. Okay, so now I'm trying to pin down the evolutionary advantage. So, I'm in starvation mode. Yep. That's when I'm producing ketones. Why on earth would starvation mode trigger my mitochondria to waste more energy and become less efficient? To protect themselves at all costs. So, it's purely a protective mechanism. It's an evolutionary protective design to save the mitochondria at all costs. Dear human body, I cannot keep taking this rate of damage for you. I have to conserve. The only way to conserve is to release more of these out of the emergency exit, so I don't have to process them, take on the free radicals, and all the damage. So, go out. My temperature theoretically should feel like it's going up subjectively. Uh believe it or not, a lot of people do. And we'll we'll get into the ammunition workers in France and Germany in World War I, which actually proved his theory. Nobody knew that that proved his theory, but uh that's what happened to them. Yeah, you actually should raise your temperature. Um just as a a fun fact, ever notice when you have a cup of coffee or a tea, even if it's iced coffee or iced tea, uh many of us go, "Gee, you know, I'm kind of glistening even though I'm having an iced coffee." Uh you actually produce more heat having a cup of coffee because both the caffeine and the polyphenols in coffee and tea uncouple your mitochondria and have them generate heat. Huh. So interesting. Okay, so I my mitochondria is protecting itself by uncoupling. They're getting rid of this stuff. They're making more of themselves Okay. to share the workload. Each one is working less hard so that they aren't being damaged. Right. But you're recruiting more mitochondria. And the amazing thing is, during ketosis or other things that stimulate mitochondria to uncouple, you actually generate more mitochondria. And mitochondria in starvation will devote all the protein manufacturing in in cell to make more of their proteins and they'll actually not make muscle protein. Screw the muscles, they're energy hogs. We're not going to build muscle if we're starving. We are going to build more mitochondria to work less hard. Screw everybody else. All right, here's where this gets complicated for me though. So, that all makes sense. I'm I'm tracking with that. Uh in the book you talk about how it does um the way that it further stops the muscles from taking the energy is that it makes you insulin resistant. So, and when you look at like what happens with fructose and uric acid, there's a similar thing going on, which is hey, raise insulin, which seems like it's bad in a modern context, but from a survival famine context actually brilliant because it traps the fat, makes you use it more slowly, it's hard to get out. Yep. To make sure that you don't burn through the energy and end up dead, but the munitions facility that you alluded to, the way that we end up dead real fast is this process on a runaway train. Is it just that I can exit people out the emergency exit way faster, way more dramatically than I can stop the fat from pouring out? Walk people through what happened in the munition factory. Um in World War I, it was noted that munition workers in France and Germany who were assembling shells and working with gunpowder were extremely thin, even though they were eating huge amounts of food. And they could not keep weight on. And they were running a temperature 24 hours a day. And it wasn't until the late 1920s when they realized that these guys' a metabolic rate, BMR, was elevated. And it took a couple of doctors at Stanford in 1930 to say, "Son of a gun, we've discovered the compound that did it in these munition workers." And it was called 2,4-dinitrophenol. And keep that word phenol in everybody's mind. We'll come back. Oh, yes, it will. And it's called DNP. So, they actually said, "Oh my gosh, DNP raises the metabolic rate, and it is the world's best weight loss drug that nobody's ever heard of." So, in the 1930s, in America alone, over 100,000 prescriptions for DNP were written by physicians. And it was a miracle weight loss drug. You took a little bit of DNP every day, you'd lose a pound a week. That's insane. But, if you took a lot of DNP, you could lose 5 lb per week. You talk about a miracle. And just a little bit more, and you can be dead. Yeah, and now here's the problem. What happened was, as more and peop- more and more people got on the bandwagon and saw they could lose a huge amount of weight, people were running temperatures. They started noticing that thyroids were having a problem. Then, a lot of people developed cataracts. And this was before cataract surgery. And as I joke, can you imagine being able to fit into your skinny dress and not see how good you look in the mirror? Uh cuz you're blind. And then people started dying, dying like flies. And so, the FDA, uh in the late 1930s, 1938, as one of their first official acts, banned DNP for sale. But, it turns out that in 1978, it was discovered that DNP worked because it was the first known oral mitochondrial uncoupler. And DNP was so effective because it literally turned human beings from being Toyota Priuses, which are very fuel efficient, to being Ferraris, which are incredibly fuel inefficient. Now, as I talked about in the book, there might be reasons you and I would want a Ferrari rather than just wasting fuel, but the point is we these people threw fuel out all these side exits of their mitochondria. What does it become when it takes the emergency exit? It actually produces heat. That's why all these people were running a temperature. Kicks off as just heat, nothing else. In fact, looking back, at Gundry MD, we have a number of products with thermogenic compounds. Compounds that we've known for years produce thermogenesis. Make heat. Lo and behold, every one of these compounds uncouples mitochondria. And lo and behold, that's why they're thermogenic compounds. They make heat. Okay, so now I think we come back to phenols, polyphenols. Specifically, what are those, why do they matter, and how do we begin to get into the new friendlier ketogenic diet? So, uh DNP, dinitrophenol. Phenol. Hmm, where have I heard that word before? Polyphenols. Polyphenols are used by plants to protect their energy producing organelles, which are their mitochondria, but they're called chloroplasts. let's go back to us for just a second. Oxygen, we have to have oxygen to make ATP normal. Oxygen is very damaging to our mitochondria. All these free oxygen radicals, blah, blah, blah. So, we can't live without oxygen, but we can't live with with it. And so, we have you know, sop up the damage the oxygen it does. Plants, on the other hand, have to have sunlight. And they kind of reverse engineer. They take photons from sunlight, combine it with CO2, and they make glucose and ATP. Sunlight is damaging to the plant mitochondria, the chloroplast. So, they actually generate polyphenols to protect their mitochondria from damage, their chloroplast. We get to see every fall the polyphenols in plants because the green chlorophyll goes away, and all those beautiful colors of yellows, oranges, reds, dark colors are the polyphenols that the plant generated to protect and uncouple the mitochondria plants. And it turns out the way they protect the mitochondria is to uncouple them. To make them work less hard. And the less hard their mitochondria work, the less damage sunlight does to them. Now, we eat plants, and the polyphenols in plants do two things. Number one, we don't absorb polyphenols from plants very well. But our bacteria actually love polyphenols. They're actually a prebiotic fiber for bacteria. And the bacteria then convert those polyphenols into absorbable polyphenols, which then go to our mitochondria and uncouple them. It's I can Every time I say this, I hear The Lion King, The Circle of Life playing in my head. You know, you know, we eat the plants, but then we die and the plants eat us. So, the plants are protecting themselves with polyphenols. When we eat the plant polyphenols, we uncouple our mitochondria the same way. There's the benefit of polyphenols. Okay, so they are technically we're getting like a metabolite of the bacteria processing the polyphenols. It It isn't showing up as a ketone. So, how many things trigger the uncoupling? So, we know ketones do it as a signaling molecule. We've got a whole host of polyphenols. Are some polyphenols better? So, a whole host of polyphenols. You You choose the polyphenol, I'll show you a paper that shows the action of that polyphenol is to uncouple mitochondria. I'll give you from last week. one of my compounds at Gundry MD is called Total Restore, which is a my humble opinion a really good gut repairing compound, gut wall compound. One of the things that I used long before I used that was a compound called wormwood. And people probably have heard of wormwood. It's in a lot of compounds to repair the gut. And just for fun, last week, I I saw a paper that a type of wormwood uh worked by uncoupling mitochondria. And I went, what the heck? I didn't know wormwood could do that. So, I started Googling wormwood and uncoupling mitochondria. Do this in your spare time, great fun. And lo and behold, five papers come up that wormwood mechanism of action is uncoupling mitochondria. And so, you start going down this this rabbit hole and you find out that there's literally just one thing that makes all the difference in a person's health and that is hitting the right dose of mitochondrial uncoupling and getting the compounds that will do that. And just to pique everybody's interest, there's an interesting theory of aging called the rate of living hypothesis. And the rate of living hypothesis is that basically you only have so many calories that you're granted in your life. They can process. Yeah, if you use up those calories quickly, that's the end. If you use up those calories slowly, that's great. And it fits pretty good. Little tiny animals don't live very long. They have really super high metabolic rates. Big animals like an elephant live a long time and they have fairly low metabolic rate. The problem with that theory is birds. Birds are very small in the scheme of things. But a hummingbird in captivity, which has one of the highest basal metabolic rates measured, can live 10 years. A parrot can live 80 to 100 years. Yeah. Guess what birds do better than any creature? Mitochondrial uncoupling. Bingo. There it is. They have the most uncoupled mitochondria of any species. Okay, now because I've read the book, I feel like I'm cheating a little bit, but uh so birds probably are dinosaurs that crossed. And so are we assuming that due to asteroid impact they became birds because they were already good at mitochondrial uncoupling, and that's how they were able to survive that period? I think it's a beautiful theory. I don't think anybody's actually, you know, actually spouted that out loud. But, you know, I mean, they are the last dinosaurs. That's very interesting. So, given that we are descended from mammals that also survived that period, it certainly makes a lot of sense that we would have survived if we already had that ability. And then I know humans, like by the time we became humans, there were twice that I think we were forced through these really narrow Yep. periods where there were very few humans left. Yeah, we were down 6,000 years ago, we were down probably to one woman and probably a few guys. It got that small? Yeah, she's mitochondrial Eve. All of us can be traced back to one female. Woah. Yeah. All of us. And, you know, just just so everybody knows, mitochondria actually uh they have their own DNA, their own genome. Mitochondria are only transmitted from the female. you and I know, we're just drones. We we have no useful purpose other than being a drone. So, we we don't give any mitochondrial DNA. So, you can actually look at mitochondrial DNA. So, there's mitochondrial DNA in the egg. Yep. That's crazy. Yeah, but there's none in sperm. Uh no mitochondria go into the egg. That's really And what's really cool, and I've talked about this before. I mean, what's really We get all of our microbiome initially from our mother passing through the birth canal, hopefully. Yep. And so, our bacteria are female. And our mitochondria are female. And as I've talked about, and other people have proven, these female bacteria talk to their sisters, the female mitochondria. And they literally text each other. And that language was discovered, and got the Nobel Prize, of postbiotics. And I talk a lot about postbiotics, as well. The communication system between the microbiome and their sisters, the mitochondria. And it's like, I mean, it's crazy. I mean, the design You just have to sit there and and marvel at the design. And then you start marveling at, "Okay, how do we tweak the benefits of this design? How do we maximize the benefits of that design?" And that's why one of the cool things is, yeah, we can uncouple mitochondria via a ketogenic diet, a high-fat ketogenic diet. No question about it. But do we want to do that 24/7? No, because eventually, like you mentioned, you will become insulin resistant to stop the muscles from stealing the calories. And you'll eventually start losing muscle mass, eventually, if you continue 24/7 ketosis for a long time. So, you want to cycle in and out of ketosis on a 24-hour basis. book shows, "Okay, here's some tricks. let's do intermittent fasting, time-restricted eating. Let's stay in ketosis for 15, 16 hours a day. So, what window do you recommend? So, uh Dr. Mattson from the NIH, from the National Institutes of Aging, wrote a beautiful paper a couple years ago, um that shows probably 6 hours is the best window. Okay. 6 hours of eating. Um 18 fast, 6 eating. 16, yeah, fast 6 hours. Does he have an opinion on number of meals in the 6 hours? It actually doesn't matter. And I go into that again, there's a lot of fun nerdy stuff in here. Uh a guy by the name of Rafael de Cabo, also at the NIH, showed that all the calorie restriction literature, and calorie restriction, you know, cutting 30% of all the calories you eat every day, is really the only bonafide proven way to extend lifespan across multiple species. The problem is it's unsustainable. Um there is a calorie restriction society in the United States. Uh It's hilarious. They're they're miserable individuals. They're cold. They They're miserable. They're hungry. Uh Why aren't they warm? Because if they're putting themselves in starvation mode, they're triggering this whole thing. They've literally now gone into a thrifty gene mode. They're so far down the line. You pass through this. Then, you know, they're they're so far down the line. But de Cabo said, "Hey, wait a minute. I think we've got this calorie restriction wrong because we're controlling the animals' food, and we're putting the food in their cage, and we're giving them X amount of food. I wonder if the time of day that we put the food into the animals' cage, and the time they're eating the food, and the time they're not eating the food really what the difference was. So, he designed an experiment uh which is really kind of cool. He designed experiment based on the rhesus monkey studies of the University of Wisconsin and the National Institutes of Aging. And these were calorie restricted monkeys, but only the University of Wisconsin studies showed extended longevity. The uh NIA study showed no extended longevity. And they had different diets. And he said, "I'll tell you what. I think you guys are both wrong. I bet you it's the time of eating." So, he designed an experiment where they had a calorie restricted group of both diets for rats. But he had a third group that that all their food came out at 3:00 in the afternoon. And animals ate it quite rapidly. And they still actually they ate up all their calories in about 8 to 12 hours and then they were fasting about 12 hours at least. That's a long time for a rat. They compared them to rats who got their food all day long and all night long. The rats who got food all day long all night had no metabolic flexibility. They couldn't make a change between burning sugar and burning fats. Right. The rats who got full calories but had it put out at 3:00 in the afternoon had metabolic flexibility. The rats who were calorie restricted also had metabolic flexibility. So, then they looked at longevity. The rats that had a full day's calories but ate at 3:00 in the afternoon lived 11% longer than the rats who got a full day's of calories that they ate all day and all night. Mhm. Now, for us that equates to a 10-year increase in lifespan. Now, is that on the same amount of calories? On the same amount of calories. Well, it's not so crazy because the Italian athlete study proves the point in humans. And what's that? This is a really cool study. They took Italian cyclists and they put them on a training table for 3 months. And most people know what a training table is. You guys, here it is. This is This is the food you're getting. And everybody had they ate the exact same food. The exact same amount of calories. All they did is change how often the guys got to eat. Mhm. One group, they got three meals a day. One group got breakfast at 8:00 in the morning, got lunch at 1:00 in the afternoon, had to finish dinner by 8:00 at night. A 12-hour eating window. Other group, same food, got breakfast at 1:00 in the afternoon, lunch at 4:00 in the afternoon, and had to finish dinner at 8:00 at night. Same Followed for 3 months. Same exercise program. The group that ate in a 12-hour window stayed the same weight. The group that ate in a 7-hour window lost weight. Lost significant amount of weight. But their performance was the same. Here's the best part, maybe the take-home message. You and I know there's probably our best method to predict longevity is a blood test called insulin-like growth factor one, IGF-1. Probably the best indicator of whether mTOR is activated or not. Um the guys who ate the 7-hour window, their IGF-1s plummeted. Mhm. The guys who ate the 12-hour window had no change in their IGF-1. So, the take-home message was it wasn't the calories the guys were eating. It was the time period that they were eating the calories. Now, why is that? Early on I mentioned that most of us, if we have metabolic flexibility, start making ketones about 8 hours after we stop eating. And by 12 hours, we've really started, you know, kicking up our ketones. So, those are the 12-hour guys. They're just kicking into ketone big time, and then they Right. stop the ketone production. The other guys, they're kicking into ketones, and then they're waiting another 5 hours to get their first bite of food. So, they're producing ketones 5 additional hours. So, they got 5 hours every day to uncouple their mitochondria before they go back and stop the process. So, it's the cycling in and out of getting the benefits of ketosis without full ketosis that makes all the difference. It's amazing. Okay, so now that we understand the mechanism, which at least for me is huge. Once I understand it, I don't know, there's something happens in my brain, I can really get behind it. Um give us a quick thumbnail sketch. Animal meat? Plant? Like, how should we be eating? What's What's that look like in a rough nutshell? Well, here's one of the big revelations for me. as you know, I I'm the only nutritionist that spent most of my career living in a blue zone, Loma Linda, California. Uh it's the only blue zone in the United States, by the way. Sad. And one of the things that shocked me when when I moved to Loma Linda was the amount of fat and particularly dairy fat in the Adventist diet. And I met with a nutritionist at the hospital. And because the the food in the hospital cafeteria and Adventists are vegetarians or vegans. About 36% of Adventists are vegetarians. About 5% are vegans. A number are pescatarians. But so great deal of the Adventists are vegetarians or at least pescatarians. Right. And yet 50% of their diet was dairy fat. From Whoa. yogurts 50%? 50% yogurts and cheeses. And I'm going, you you're killing, you know, my my patients. You know, I'm a heart surgeon. You know, I'm a cardiologist. You're killing my patients. They go, "No, we're not. We're the longest living people in the United States. You know, do your homework." I go, "You're You're killing our patients." So, as I was researching this book, I said, "You know, the Adventists eat a lot of cheese and dairy." Let's look at the other blue zones. So, you look at Sardinia, which is another blue zone. You look at the Nicoya Peninsula with in Costa Rica, which is another blue zone. You look like at Icaria, which is Greek island. And lo and behold, the Sardinians are unique in that the Sardinians are base basically two populations. There's the folks who live up in the mountain and the folks who live down by the sea. It turns out only the people who live up in the mountain have longevity. I see, that's interesting. And they're sheep herders and goat herders. And they eat huge amounts of goat and sheep cheese. The folks who live down by the sea don't aren't goat and sheep eaters and they don't eat goat and sheep cheese. So, there was a beautiful paper. We didn't put it in the book, but I'll tell you that showed that the difference was the fact that these guys were eating goat and sheep cheese. So, now you go, "Well, wait a minute. What's so cool about goat and sheep cheese?" Something in there that's uncoupling mitochondria? I have a hunch. got it. It turns out that 30% of the calories in goat and sheep milk are medium-chain triglycerides, MCTs. In fact, most of the MCT fats are named after the Latin word for goat, capra. There's capric acid, caprylic acid, uh goat. Because goat milk and sheep milk have tons of MCTs. And remember, MCTs are unique in that they go directly to the liver and generate ketones. So, these guys were generating ketones just by eating goat and sheep cheese. Let's jump to the Nicoya Peninsula. Now, a lot of bean eating and corn eating in Costa Rica and on the Nicoya Peninsula. But, what's so unique about the Nicoya Peninsula is that they're goat and sheep herders. And there's a beautiful paper that showed the difference is the goat and sheep cheese, not the beans and corn. But, calves don't do it for some reason. Nope, they don't make MCTs. Hm. Let's jump to Ikaria. Two factors in Ikaria. They're goat and sheep herders. They have yogurt every day. They have goat and sheep cheese every day. And they eat a weed, a common weed called purslane, as a major part of their diet. People see purslane growing in sidewalk cracks all the time. It's uh moss roses, portulaca, that people have in their gardens. They eat it as salads. It turns out that purslane has an amazing short-chain omega fat called alpha-linolenic acid that I profile in the book. Alpha-linolenic acid is magnificent for So, it turns out that four of the five blue zones get their benefit by And it turns out that the Okinawans 85% of the ancient Okinawan diet was a purple sweet potato. It wasn't rice. They don't do it. It wasn't soybeans. They only use miso. It was the purple sweet potato, which is full of the purple polyphenols and have any more? Now, the Okinawans are eating a Western diet. But so, all of these guys were uncoupling their mitochondria. All right. So, eating goat and sheep cheese, Yeah. purple Okinawan potatoes, and we're going to uncouple until the end of time. It basically, yeah. So, I mean, the great thing is you don't have to suffer eating an incredibly boring high-fat diet if you have goat and sheep cheese. My wife and I literally have goat or sheep cheese every night before dinner now. But you're plant-leaning, right? So, Yeah. But, you know, again, when I when we talk about eat the rainbow, and everybody talks about eating the rainbow, what we're actually saying is eat polyphenol-laden plants. That's literally what we're saying cuz the rainbow are those polyphenols. Right. And I go into the ancient spice trade from the Middle Ages. Yes, you do. And it turns out you look at those spices that people were ready to pay exorbitant amount of money for. In fact, you asked an interesting question in the book and you said, "Was this the original drug trade?" Yeah. And that's interesting cuz when you start to learn the history of like the spice wars, like people were killing people in like genocide levels for spices. and in fact, 50% of the people on these ocean voyages on for the spice trade died. Jesus. And so It had to be something pretty worthwhile. This was drug trade and they were the trade they were actually doing was for polyphenols. I mean, for instance, cinnamon was huge, cloves were huge. And I even have a fun chuckle, um the gift of the Magi uh in the Bible, uh two of the three gifts were actually frankincense and myrrh, which are polyphenols and both are shown to uncouple mitochondria. So interesting. They brought the little baby Jesus mitochondrial uncoupler. Yes, they did. Yes, they did. It's really incredible. Dr. Gundry, this is phenomenal. The book was really, really interesting. Thank you so much. Where can people get the book? Where can they follow along with you? Uh hopefully everywhere books are sold, amazon.com, barnesandnoble.com. Please go to your local bookseller. They need your help. The pandemic's been a disaster for them. They'll have the book. I've had multiple New York Times bestsellers. They stock my books and they'll stock this one. Um yeah. And then your 200th episode's coming up. 200th episode of the Dr. Gundry podcast is coming up. So wherever you get your podcast, we're on PodcastOne, the largest podcast carrier. Um Yeah. YouTube, that's where I take it in. Yeah, I got two YouTube channels. Find me on Instagram, please. Um find me at drgundry.com, find me at my supplement and food company, uh gundrymd.com. Hopefully find me. There it is. All right, guys, the book's incredible. I really feel like there's something interesting happening right now with a lot of these discoveries coming together around what's happening with insulin resistance in an advantageous way that goes awry in a Western diet, but it's really, really intriguing. I encourage you guys to dive into it. I think it will make it easier to implement the stuff in your life. Speaking of things you can implement in your life, if you haven't already, be sure to subscribe. And until next time, my friends, be legendary. Take care. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TomBilyeu [143 likes]: What surprised you most about the Keto diet?
  2. @KarlJesusrules: @47 mins....yes...the Bible...Creator.....
  3. @rondick6108: He sells stuff all over the Internet
  4. @willsmith475: Last thing I do is trust a doctors opinion
  5. @grubbetuchus: Dr. Gundry says that he would like to be considered a trusted source of info. Speaking only for me, if a source is hawking and selling products, then I develop a deep sense of skepticism. Sorry, Dr. G, that’s the nature of the beast. 

The good doctor doesn’t qualify the studies and papers that he cites, and so we listeners have no clue about the value of said research. 

Making ketones? Fine and dandy. But why would my body want to use them if I have eaten carbohydrates? You can eat bread, but it might take days to “convince” your body that it is ok to burn fat and ketones, instead. Insulin will not let your body burn fat or ketones.
  6. @borderlandfilms7956: weight loss is secondary to me. the main benefit i see when i enter ketosis is mood: my blood pressure and heart rate go down, im much less irritable, much more patient, less anxious and less depressed.
  7. @Roberto-cg2gr: Brain prefers ketones Dr Connane research in Canada. Brain will use up to 70% ketones if ketones are available
  8. @perrycoton7945: Very interesting
  9. @bobmartin3896: Bla-bla-bla: even, ir you do not eat processed food, you can eat to many carbs and become/stay obese.
  10. @tommynickels4570: Gunthry has been debunked and there are alot of half-truths here. The idea that 89% of obese people cannot burn fat is FALSE. All people burn fat and carbs simultaneously.
  11. @MagruderSpoots: The Chinese say there are hot foods and cold foods. I didn't believe it until now.
  12. @RobAbdul: Love Dr. Gundry's glasses.
  13. @danbarrett949: Funny he mentions NIH that was the source of gain of function & all the false narratives masks 6ft lockdowns of pandemic.
So now ketones bad like eggs bad eggs good
I’ve done keto for 7 yrs never felt better especially brain energy/focuse
  14. @stevenrix7277: My experience with KETO: in 3 months I lost 102 lbs, that was amazing and scary at the same time,  I was eating 1800 calories a day, 80% fat 15% proteins and 5% fat. Then on the 3rd  month I started craving for sugar at night time around 3 or 4 AM, I did not know at the beginning but these were signs of hypoglycemia. It took me almost 2 years to recover. The weight I had lost was partially gained in 2 years but not as much, over 40 lbs. So i started the carnivore diet, and it worked out this time for 9 months until I started getting weight and was feeling extremely sluggish, and I had extremely low levels of testosterone (205). I stopped the carnivore diet and my T levels went back up again. I don't know what to do to lose weight.
  15. @richarddoesstuff1: i'm super fit, I stick to a rigid calorie counted diet, lean meats, vegetables, salads, no bs food. Every time i've tried to cut, even just to 2000 calories, it has been a complete struggle. Constant food cravings. I was fairly low carb, but always started the day with a big bowl of cereal to fuel me for the gym and ate 2 bananas a day. Now i'm doing it with Keto, once i'm past the first 4-5 days of feeling like trash, i'm solid. I'm on 1700 calories today and i'm not tired like before, not hungry, I ran 8kms and I have energy. I can think straight now because my brain is running properly on fat! Insulin was sabotaging my efforts to get a six pack, now I have the key! I won't do keto forever, I don't think that's healthy long term. But for bursts of 2-3 months, mimicking the winters experienced by hunter gatherers, yes, a strict keto diet is amazing, it shreds fat and makes it easy.
  16. @emmaglover5240: im a little confused by this... so uncoupling is a good thing? ..but it means our mitochondira are making less energy and keeping more for themselves than sharing with us? but we live longer with more uncoupled mitochodria ??? So how is uncoupled mitochondria beneficial for us?
  17. @gigitooafoo1243: I've learned so much, thanks so much
  18. @gigitooafoo1243: So plain black coffee helps with weight loss?
  19. @dreao276: If he is saying the brain must be fed glucose or after 8 or so hours neurons start to die would that mean fasting is bad for us?
  20. @NadiWLJ: Sardinian watching here 😂 us near the sea also eat loads of goat cheese!. You should see how much pecorino I have in the fridge right now LOL My father used to serve us colostrum for breakfast. Us Sardinians by the sea live in more stressful environments, maybe that's why we don't enjoy equal benefits though, I must say, general health levels back home are great all over the island.
I became metabolically sick when I worked for a famous fast food company in the UK and ate there every day because I was poor and the food was free for me... If only I could go back and tell me the consequences of my actions.

- The Two Fuels Cancer Needs to Survive—And How to Cut Them Off: Kind: captions Language: en I don't know why everybody's asking me what can I do to lower glutamine you cannot lower glutamine with a diet okay can you tell me that can you re report that b why people ask me what do I need to 100 hundreds of people how do I lower glutamine you need a drug you need drugs to do that and you have to strategically use use the drugs so you can lower glucose with diet you cannot lower glutamine to the point to kill tumor cells with a diet you cannot lower glutamine to kill tumor cells by diet you need a drug and that drug has to be pulsed it cannot be chronically given because we need the glutamine for our immune system uh we need the glutamine for the health of our gut we need the glutamine uh uh for Ura Cycles uh we we need the glutamine it's essential but if we are too aggressive on glutamine then we destroy our gut prevent our immune system from functioning and because our immune cells also need glutamine so so this is the Press pulse therapeutic strategy for managing answer the paper is in on Open Access anybody who wants to read the paper please read the paper the answers to your questions will be in the paper please read the paper people say oh the cancer cells can use Ketone no they can't show me the evidence of tumor cells using ketones in the absence of glucose and glutamine I have never found it nobody's shown this yet we interrogate these tumor cells so yeah so people keep asking me what can what di he didn't say what to eat you your job is to lower your glucose Ketone index and people say well how do I do that you determine that uh you know some person can eat uh vegans some people can eat carnivore some pescatarian some Mediterranean I don't know eat whatever you want to eat and see what it does to your gki glucose ketun index and people say well you know I tried doing this well don't eat anything just drink water and see if it goes down well I don't know if I can do that well then don't do that do whatever the hell you want to do all I'm saying is you want to kill cancer cells it's on your shoulders right now you can always choose to take radiation and chemo I mean we're not stopping you from doing that I'm not saying anybody I will never tell anybody you know don't do toxic poison or radiation if that's what they would like to do uh that's their prerogative to do that but I'm saying that we can get a lot uh uh we can get a handle on the on the growth of the tumor by just simp L depriving it of the two fuels needed for driving the disregulated cell growth uh and those two fuels are replacing the energy that would get from oxidative phosphorilation using oxygen tumor cells take in oxygen but they're not using it for for energy they're producing reactive oxygen species Ro which are causing the mutations in the nucleus so so and damaging other parts so tumor cells cannot use oxygen effectively to generate enough energy to drive dis regulated cell growth they need fermentation the fermentation is coming from substrate level phosphorilation in the cytoplasm with glucose as the fuel and mitochondrial substrate level phosphorilation in the mitochondria with glutamine as the fuel through the glutaminolysis pathway or the glycolysis pathway so lowering glucose shuts restricts the availability of energy through the cytoplasmic glycolysis pathway lowering glutamine uh specifically just just uh on off on off pulse pulse pulse hit off how long should we go off I we're working on that just do a little bit here with the drug um deoxy or leucine or maybe some parasite medications which seem that Target glutamine and then we take it off God forbid we hurt the patient we want no toxicity Associated uh with the elimination of these tumor cells or tumor we want the person to get gradually more and more healthy the the the longer we use press pulse metabolic therapy so uh improved health no hair loss no gum bleeding no diarrhea no no fatigue uh no noisia none of this stuff you want the tumor to be uh strategically destroyed slowly while the rest of the body gets healthier and healthier by transitioning from glucose to ketones and the energetic efficiency of the mitochondria in the normal cells will be significantly improved based on the drenic study and based on these other studies that unfortunately so many people don't don't read or don't know about and read our PR press pulse therapeutic strategy that has the the the the the framework to do this and then well it didn't it didn't go through the details the doc the paper that Dr duy uh with our third other 20 or so um authors has just come out putting Flesh on the framework that paper was just published for gleo blastoma but the same strategy would be effective for the majority of cancer they're all very similar they all can't they're dependent on glucose and glutamine for fuel they can't switch to other things so lung cancer colon cancer breast cancer they're all the same it very similar I don't want to say the exact same they're all very very similar and having a dependency on a fermentation uh rather than an oxidative phosphorilation so this strategy that I've just mentioned should be quite effective and when we see people who actually do it um not all of them you're not going to get somebody in who has in hospice with 3 Days to Live when you're first diagnosed with cancer you have a lot of normal many people already have they're in pretty good shape um this is when we can we can uh uh push this uh down and then of course if we do have some surviving cancer cells despite what I've just said then uh a small low dose of chemo or a small Spot Shot of radiation might finish off the few surviving tumor cells uh maybe a shot of immunotherapy a could trude opdo carti do doesn't make any difference you're fighting you're fighting now a very small number of cells that are just hanging on barely hanging on for survival and now you can come in with a part of the standard of care and finish them off but but the issue of course is we can take that angry malignant tumor and bring it down into a less angry less malignant growth and then and then gradually hammer away at it and in the end we can either surgically debulk it uh or uh or we can hit it off with some small dose of chemo you don't hair has to you don't have to have your hair falling out bleeding and all that it's crazy stuff I mean if you know strategic now the problem what I'm talking about is unfortunately not known understood uh or by the majority of people in the in the oncology field uh they haven't been trained to to to know that cancer is a mitochondrial metabolic disorder and not a genetic disorder once you realize that then what I'm what I'm talking about is based on hard science replicable results and understanding uh the biochemistry and bi ology of the tumor and and and how that differs from the biology and biochemistry of the normal cells in the body

  Top Comments:
  1. @azombienation [2 likes]: He's correct, it's up to us. We have to stop relying on other people to fix things for us. They always end up making things worse. Time to grow up and take responsibility for our own choices, right or wrong. The Rockefeller establishment hates that. It's the only way to stop feeding the beast.
  2. @edmor1086 [1 likes]: Could you please show us the success rate of your therapy vs standard care regime
  3. @marisadallavalle393 [1 likes]: So sorry we are all so ignorant, after listening to your rant I am even more confused.
  4. @BeBedabit: Thank you!!
  5. @caoscreativo-design: Minute 1:17: "people say cancer cells can use ketones (...) Show me the evidence"
I don't really know how to interpret the articles I've put down here, but I've found a couple of studies that prove that some cancer cells are able to use ketones as fuel. 
Here:
1. "Ketone body utilization drives tumor growth and metastasis" from PubMed Central
2. "Comprehensive Overview of Ketone Bodies in Cancer Metabolism: Mechanisms and Application", also from PMC

😢
  6. @geoffhorvath3261: Carnivore diet, Ivermectin and fenbendazole, high doses of vitamin D3
  7. @cherylmcduff5388: My question is if you have to inhibit glutamine how does one do that as there are no drugs available at this time from what i have researched.  Please help.  i have looked at his paper.
  8. @villagaiac55: so vague for actual treatments.... how do you spell deoxylurleucine?  which anti-parasitic??
  9. @amb7440: You'd be a lot more believable if you didn't feel like you had to talk down to people like they are stupid.  As an educator, if you are SO impatient with being asked the same question multiple times (gee I wonder why that happens!!) - maybe you'd best spend time in a lab and take NO questions --- ever!  No room for mad scientists, if you're not calm and don't have a support system to challenge your arrogance, then just shut the h3ll up.
  10. @carolyns1141: I so appreciate your knowledge and sharing to get this information out there.  But how would someone be able to get the drug to pulse for reducing the glutamine, along with instructions how to do it?
  11. @djclark3435: The only doctors I know, would probably not even heard of the pulse therapy so how does one get this therapy.  All these want to do is chemo and radiation
  12. @djclark3435: So in other words we need a doctor that knows nothing but chemo and radiation to administer these drugs that you suggest and we don’t even know the name of them?
  13. @LThill-ks2uz: I know this comment is late but I had a consult with Dr Jay Chaplin (many cancer videos on YT), and he actually advised to supplement with glutamine powder 10-40g to reduce chemo side effects, he also said taking glycine powder is ok. He knows your work and I should have pushed him to defend his advice. I respect both of you but I get so much contradictory advice that I'm not sure what to do. On top of this my oncologist knows none of this. Any comments are appreciated.
  14. @drcrocodile1: Oscar the grouch talks about cancer with the stupid public.
  15. @Sevasru: The dr sounded angry and defensive! Maybe he does not have an easy answer how to manage glutamine! Say it and say the plan instead of throwing jargons!
  16. @DayZOldschool: This professor is a brilliant idiot. He forgets that most of the listeners including me are dumb, so we need this information in a dumb way. 
1.Can you cure it with diet: No, but diet part of the cure. 
2.The big qustion: Where can i have this treatment if i do get cancer. Unknown
  17. @kostaborojevic2952: What about installing a pump and infusing the cancer with those medications?
  18. @jminela8q882: Dr Seyfried, thank you very much for your invaluable commitment to heal cancer. I’m a 30+ year cancer survivor and have studied your work on how to block cancer fermentation. I block cancer with a zero carb diet to replace glucose with ketones and take a clean and therapeutic dosage of berberine daily. If this regimen fails, I will turn to immunology therapy with preparatory akkermansia supplementation to improve effectiveness as Dr William Li recommends.
  19. @stephenrblv: Eat less Donuts, check.
  20. @gerardkeaveny9979: This bloke is bonkers

- The Science Behind Keto: Insights from Thomas Seyfried: Kind: captions Language: en what if we've been looking at cancer the wrong way what if instead of a disease of genes cancer is fundamentally a disease of metabolism this is the radical idea proposed by Dr Thomas safreed a leading researcher in cancer metabolism his work challenges conventional thinking and offers a glimmer of hope in the fight against this devastating disease could it be that by understanding the metabolic underpinnings of cancer we can develop more effective treatments and prevention strategies Dr sa Reed's research suggests that this is not just a possibility but a necessity Dr Thomas Saed is a professor of biology at Boston College and a leading researcher in the field of cancer metabolism he has dedicated his career to understanding the root causes of cancer and exploring alternative treatment approaches his seminal work cancer as a metabolic disease has become a Cornerstone in the field challenging traditional paradigms and sparking a new wave of research Dr sa Freed's research focuses on the mitochondria often referred to as the powerhouses of of our cells he argues that cancer arises from dysfunction within these tiny organel leading to a Cascade of metabolic derangements that drive tumor growth and progression the traditional view of cancer focuses on genetic mutations as the primary driver of the disease while genes undoubtedly play a role Dr sa Freed's research suggests that these mutations are often a consequence not the cause of cancer he proposes that the true origin of cancer lies in damaged mitochondria the energy producing units within our cells healthy mitochondria generate energy through a process called oxidative phosphorilation which relies on oxygen however when mitochondria are damaged cells shift to a less efficient process called glucose fermentation even in the presence of oxygen this metabolic shift known as the warberg effect is a Hallmark of cancer cells starving cancer the ketogenic diet as a metabolic weapon if cancer is driven by a dependence on GL glucose fermentation then restricting glucose Supply could be a powerful therapeutic strategy cancer cells thrive on glucose using it as their primary energy source to fuel rapid growth and division by cutting off this Supply we can potentially slow down or even halt the progression of the disease this is where the ketogenic diet comes in the ketogenic diet is a high fat low carbohydrate diet that has been shown to reduce glucose levels in the body significantly by drastically reducing carbohydrate intake the body is forced to find an alternative energy source this high fat low carbohydrate diet forces the body to burn fat for fuel instead of glucose essentially starving cancer cells of their preferred energy source when the body burns fat it produces ketones which can be used by healthy cells but not as efficiently by cancer cells fasting or severely restricting calorie intake can have a similar effect by reducing the overall intake of calories especially from carbohydrates fasting can help lower blood glucose levels by lowering glucose levels fasting can push the body into a metabolic State called ketosis where it starts producing ketones and alternative fuel source ketosis not only helps in weight management but also creates an environment that is less favorable for cancer cells to thrive this shift in energy metabolism can create an unfavorable environment for cancer cells potentially slowing their growth by depriving cancer cells of glucose and providing ketones instead we can make it harder for these cells to survive and multiply offering a promising adjunctive strategy in cancer therapy ketones fueling the body protecting against cancer ketones produced during ketosis are not only an efficient fuel source for healthy cells but they also have a unique metabolic profile that makes them particularly interesting in the context of cancer research Studies have shown that ketones can inhibit the growth of cancer cells providing a protective effect against the disease this is because cancer cells have a harder time utilizing ketones compared to glucose unlike glucose which can fuel cancer growth by providing an easy source of energy for rapidly dividing cells ketones do not offer the same advantage to cancer cells ketones are difficult for cancer cells to utilize effectively which can slow down their growth and proliferation moreover ketones seem to reduce inflammation and oxidative stress both of which are factors that can contribute to the development and progression of cancer by lowering inflammation and oxidative stress ketone tones create a less favorable environment for cancer cells to thrive research suggests that the ketogenic diet which is high in fats and low in carbohydrates can be particularly effective when used in conjunction with standard cancer treatments in conjunction with standard Cancer Treatments like chemotherapy and radiation the ketogenic diet May improve treatment outcomes by making cancer cells more susceptible to these therapies the diet's ability to lower blood sugar reduce inflammation and provide a steady source of energy for healthy cells while starving cancer cells of glucose is a significant Advantage this combination of effects can potentially sensitize cancer cells to treatment making them more vulnerable to the effects of chemotherapy and radiation as a result the ketogenic diet is a promising area of exploration in the ongoing fight against cancer offering hope for improved treatment outcomes and better quality of life for patients addressing the Skeptics the need for more research while the metabolic theory of cancer and the potential benefit of the ketogenic diet are compelling it's important to acknowledge that this is still an evolving field more research particularly large-scale clinical trials is crucial to confirm these findings and determine the long-term efficacy and safety of ketogenic interventions for cancer patients critics argue that existing evidence is largely anecdotal or based on pre-clinical studies while some early clinical trials show promise larger and more robust studies are needed to solidify the ketogenic diets place in cancer therapy join the conversation unlocking the potential of metabolic therapies the metabolic approach to cancer spearheaded by researchers like Dr safreed offers a fresh perspective on this complex Disease by focusing on the metabolic processes that fuel cancer cells this approach aims to cut off the energy Supply that tumors need to grow and spread this Innovative strategy is gaining Traction in the scientific Community as it opens up new avenues for treatment that go beyond traditional methods while the ketogenic diet and other metabolic therapies are not a Magic Bullet they hold immense potential to transform cancer treatment and prevention the ketogenic diet which is high in fats and low in carbohydrates aims to starve cancer cells of glucose their primary energy source this dietary approach combined with other metabolic therapies could offer a complimentary strategy to existing treatments potentially improving patient outcomes and quality of life it's time to move beyond the limitations of conventional thinking and explore all possible Avenues in the fight against cancer by embracing metabolic therapies we can challenge the status quo and push the boundaries of what is possible in cancer treatment this requires a collaborative effort from researchers clinicians and patients alike all working together to explore and validate these promising new approaches what are your thoughts on the potential of the ketogenic diet we invite you to share your insights and experiences as your input is invalu valuable in shaping the future of cancer therapy whether you are a patient a caregiver or a health care professional your voice matters in this ongoing conversation share your opinions and engage in the conversation join online forums participate in social media discussions and connect with others who are passionate about exploring new cancer treatments your engagement can help build a community of support and Innovation driving forward the research and application of metabolic therapies together we can unlock the power of metabolic Therapies and pave the way for a healthier future by uniting our efforts and sharing our knowledge we can make significant strides in the fight against cancer offering hope and new possibilities for patients around the world

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShredAndShine1339: Do you think Dr. Thomas Seyfried’s theory about cancer as a metabolic disease makes sense? Can the ketogenic diet and fasting really help fight cancer by reducing glucose fermentation? 🤔 Let’s discuss! Share your thoughts on keto science, nutrition science, and the role of mitochondria in cancer in the comments below! 👇🔥

- The Insulin & Glucose Doctor: This Will Strip Your Fat Faster Than Anything!: Kind: captions Language: en When we're looking at smoking versus vaping, vaping is probably worse in terms of the damage to the airway and the insulin resistance that comes from it. But this gets worse because we know that insulin resistance is the core for most chronic diseases that are killing us. And there's a handful of other lifestyle habits that's contributing to it. That's horrifying. So tell me everything. Dr. Benjamin Bikman is a leading metabolic scientist. His research focuses on the hidden epidemic of insulin resistance and its devastating consequences. And by regaining control of your insulin levels, he says you can regain control of your life. Insulin is a hormone that affects literally every single cell of the body. But if those cells become insulin resistant, you start to spread the disease. For example, they call Alzheimer's insulin resistance of the brain. And even the most common forms of infertility, erectile dysfunction, and PCOS, insulin resistance is a heavy contributor. Now, 88% of adults in the US have some degree of insulin resistance. And people hear this and think America is just fat and metabolically sick. But we're not actually the worst country when it comes to this. And part of it is because of how different ethnicities store fat. And I'll come back to that. But there's two roads to insulin resistance. So there's the fast lane, and I could make you insulin resistant in 6 hours with either of these common three things. But if I removed them, your resistance would go away just as quickly. Now, the slow lane, that's a problem. And there's certain lifestyle habits and problems with our diet that are massively contributing to slow insulin resistance. Now, thankfully, this can be resolved through four pillars, which are very simple. We'll get into that. But why don't we just cycle this off and just take his Ozempic? Well, because people may not know about the negative side effects. For example, 40% of the weight that people are losing on these drugs is coming from Highly I have been forced into a bet with my team. We're about to hit 10 million subscribers on YouTube, which is our biggest milestone ever, thanks to all of you. And we want to have a massive party for the people that have worked on this show for years behind the scenes. So, they said to me, "Steve, for every new subscriber we get in the next 30 days, can $1 be given to our celebration fund for the entire team?" And I've agreed to the bet. So, if you want to say thank you to the team behind the scenes at Diabetes Canada, all you've got to do is hit the subscribe button. So, actually, this is the first time I'm going to tell you not to subscribe because it might end up costing me AN AWFUL BENJAMIN, WHAT IS THE MISSION THAT YOU'RE ON? My mission is to help people appreciate that much of chronic disease we look at them as these siloed individual distinct disorders with totally distinct origins, and yet much of them uh share a common core. It's as if they're branches growing from the same tree. And the conventional clinical care will look at these branches and give someone a prescription for a medication, which is only going to prune the branch back a little bit, never actually solving the problem. It can just grow right back. And so, we can look at most of these chronic diseases that are killing us globally and and then say, "Okay, there are in fact some simple lifestyle changes that can be implemented that will help reduce the risk of not only one or two, but all of the top killers from things like Alzheimer's disease to uh heart disease to type 2 diabetes to uh liver failure or fatty liver disease. All of them share a common metabolic core. That's my mission. And what is that common metabolic core? Yeah, it's a little-known problem called insulin resistance. In fact, when I first started this topic, I stumbled on one paper that documented how when fat tissue is growing, it increases the risk of type 2 diabetes. That wasn't a concept in the early 2000s that was is getting a lot of attention. Diabesity, this kind of dual epidemic of wherever we see obesity, we see more type 2 diabetes. And this manuscript outlined something that was to me a revelation at the time. It was so fascinating where when fat tissue is growing, it starts releasing pro-inflammatory proteins. That inflammation caused a problem called insulin resistance. And then that got me into this realm of understanding that other tissues of the body as they become insulin resistant, then you start to spread the chronic disease. And and essentially coming to the conclusion that something like hypertension, high blood pressure, which is the most common cardiovascular problem and the main contributor to heart disease. Well, insulin resistance is the main cause of hypertension. Um they call Alzheimer's disease type 3 diabetes or more accurately um insulin resistance of the brain. Even the most common forms of infertility in men, it's erectile dysfunction. Well, that's because of insulin resistance of the blood vessels. In women, the most common form of infertility is polycystic ovary syndrome or PCOS. That's because of the insulin resistance affecting her ovaries and the ability to produce the proper sex hormones. I guess the really important question here is what is insulin resistance? And can you explain this to me like I'm a 10-year-old because for sure. Insulin resistance is it's kind of a it's a disorder that has two parts. It's like a coin with two sides that as much as we think of we we think of one side just because we hear the word insulin resistance, but there's another part to it that I need to that is very important. So, insulin first of all is a hormone that we make from the pancreas, a long kind of gland tucked underneath the stomach. And the pancreas is a very busy organ. It makes a lot of different hormones. It makes hormones that come into the blood. It also makes enzymes that go into the the into the intestines to help digest food. But among the hormones that are being released into the blood is insulin. Now, in the person with type 1 diabetes, their immune system has destroyed their beta cells. So, they don't make insulin anymore. That's why for a person with type 1 diabetes, insulin is a life-saving therapy. You're giving them what they're not making anymore. But for everybody else, we have beta cells and they're releasing insulin when they need to. Now, usually the main stimulus the main reason the beta cell is releasing the insulin is because blood glucose levels go up. So, I eat sugar. You eat sugar or not even something as obvious as sugar, but bread or or crackers. White rice. Chips. Oh, yes. Yes. So, basically anything that falls into the family of a carbohydrate. So, if the earth grows it, that's a carbohydrate. Um if it's a plant, it's a carbohydrate. Maybe that's a better way of describing it. And so, it's going to have starches and sugars, which all this kind of falls into this family of carbohydrate. Depending on how much starch or sugars that it has, then that will result in a bigger or a smaller blood glucose or blood sugar response. But then, if blood sugar is too high for too long, that becomes very harmful to the body. So, insulin comes in um and helps lower the blood glucose. And then, having done its job, insulin comes back down. So, insulin comes out like a taxi and transports all the glucose in my blood to various places around the body to store them. Perfect. Perfect. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. It's that's you can say look at it's a shuttle. It's a taxi saying, "Hey, glucose, come on in. I'm dropping you off at the muscle." So, mostly, just as an interesting tangent of insulin before I finish answering insulin resistance, insulin will open the doors for blood sugar to come in and drive the taxi in, mostly at the muscle and the fat. Muscle and fat tissue need insulin to come and bring the sugar in via taxi. However, other tissues and and the brain a little bit as well. Other tissues will still respond to insulin, but they don't need insulin to tell it what to do with the sugar. It just takes it in. But even on those like the liver for example, if the liver sees sugar driving by in a taxi, it just opens the doors and lets it in. It doesn't need insulin to come and tell it to let the sugar in. However, even at the liver and other every other cell has a similar degree of this. The liver doesn't know what to do with So, this is back to something I'd mentioned earlier where insulin's thematic effect of the entire body is to tell the body what to do with energy in all of its forms as as these kind of caloric rich molecules. What to do with lactate, what to do with ketones, what to do with fats or glucose, what to do with pro- amino acids. So, insulin will tell the body what to do with all of those things. But again, it's most famous effect is to control blood sugar. And that's not wrong because it's most powerful activator is blood sugar. So, with all of that in mind, insulin resistance is two problems wrapped into one. The one problem is the most obvious one, which is that insulin isn't working as well as it used to. So, back to the analogy of the taxis dropping off sugar, if the muscle tissue has become insulin resistant, insulin is coming and trying to pull the sugar-loaded taxi into the muscle, but the muscle's not listening. So, say that again. So, the Yeah. Insulin's coming past with the glucose inside it. Well, not not technically. Yeah, but just to sort of go with your metaphor. But maybe to use another one, insulin comes and knocks on the doors. It's like the bouncer at the door. It's coming and knocking on the door of the muscle saying, "Hey muscle, I've got some sugar that wants to come in. Mhm. And normally the muscle will say, oh yeah, sure, okay, open up the doors and let the sugar come in. When the muscle is insulin resistant, the bouncer is knocking. Maybe there's even I'm almost getting ahead of myself, but one bouncer maybe two or three bouncers pounding on the doors of the muscle cell, but the muscle cell's not listening. It's become deaf. That's the insulin resistance of what we call insulin resistance, where some of insulin's effects, like helping lower blood sugar, it's not working very well anymore. And the muscle is just an obvious example because there's so much of it. You know, it is the biggest tissue on the average individual. Someone who's very obese perhaps now has more fat tissue, but even people who are overweight, most of us is muscle. So, that's a good it's a good tissue to look at. So, part of insulin resistance is that of all the things insulin's trying to do, including lower blood sugar, it doesn't do it quite as well as it used to. Some of the cells or tissues of the body have become deaf to insulin's demands. Now, however, at the same time that's happening, insulin levels are higher. And that is really important. Um and I'll I'll mention an example in just a moment that highlights the difference between the two, but we have to consider anytime we talk about insulin resistance, we think of two things happening um in concert. One, insulin isn't working quite as well as it used to in various places of the body. At the same time, insulin levels are higher. And that kind of takes us back to the um the muscle cell, where I'd mentioned getting a little ahead of myself, that a bouncer is knocking on the door, and once upon a time the muscle cell would hear that one polite knock from that one bouncer or one molecule of insulin, if you will, and it would open the door and let the glucose or the blood sugar come in. But now the muscle cell um the the the bouncer insulin's knocking on the door, but the muscle doesn't listen. It's resistant. And so, the body has adapted, and it learns, "Okay, well, if one bouncer wasn't enough, let's send an angry mob of bouncers." And then the glucose the muscle will start to open the door. And and and indeed it can. So, those two problems go together. On one hand, insulin isn't working as well as it used to. That's what gives it the name But there's another part that is equally present, which is that blood insulin levels are higher. Now, there's um earlier at the outset of the conversation, I mentioned that even infertility has an origin has has some degree of um development because of insulin resistance. And it's a perfect example of both of these parts of insulin resistance, where in some instances insulin isn't working very well, always with insulin resistance blood insulin levels are higher. So, for example, erectile dysfunction is the most common form of male infertility. In fact, its connection to insulin resistance is so strong that just a few years ago I I was so struck by a title of a paper that had just been published, which stated something like, "Is erectile dysfunction the earliest manifestation of insulin resistance in otherwise young healthy men?" Now, what is the connection? It's because in a normal erectile function, in order for the man to have normal erectile function, he has to experience a pretty dramatic increase in the size of the blood vessels in his body. The blood vessels expand, that increases blood flow, and then he has normal function. Part of that signal that tells the blood vessels that it's time to expand is actually insulin. And so, this is what I said earlier, where insulin does so many things in the body, and we only think of it as being relevant to glucose, and that's not fair. Insulin does a a of stuff. Again, including telling blood vessels to expand. Now, unfortunately, in the case of this this unfortunate man, his blood vessels become insulin resistant. So, now it's insulin coming and knocking on the doors of the blood vessels saying, "Hey, it's time to expand and increase blood flow." But, the blood vessels don't respond. They don't listen. So, they stay constricted, blood flow stays insufficient, and thus he has erectile dysfunction. Now, I don't want to be insulin resistant. No. No one does. No one does. So, so tell me how it happens. Yeah, right. Yeah, so the origins are so important because it helps us understand why we've gotten into the situation we are, where it's the most common problem worldwide. There are two pathways to insulin resistance. So, two two roads to get to the same destination. Again, the destination being insulin resistance. There's the fast lane, which I call fast insulin resistance, and it actually has three lanes, which I'll describe in a moment. Then, there's the slow insulin resistance, which is a more it takes a little longer to get there, but at the same time it takes a little longer to get away from it. So, I'll start with fast insulin resistance because the slow one ends up getting a little excitingly complicated, but in a cool way. So, with fast insulin resistance, there are three things that I could take you to a clinical lab, and I could make you of these three things. But, as quickly as it settles in, if I remove those things, your insulin resistance would go away. So, these are fast causes, and they're fast resolution. They are stress is a is a primary cause of fast insulin So, too is inflammation. And then lastly, and this is going to sound somewhat paradoxical, too much insulin is also a cause, and I'll end with that one because I think it's the most important. Then transition to slow insulin resistance. So, anytime the body is experiencing too much stress, it will very quickly become insulin resistant. Now, as a professor who teaches endocrinology, no surprise, I define stress in the context of hormones. And there are two primary stress hormones, cortisol and what we call in the US epinephrine or in the UK adrenaline. Those are the two stress hormones. Now, those hormones are very distinct. They have almost nothing in common. But like when you are feeling a little stressed, it's both of those, especially adrenaline {slash} epinephrine, that are making you feel a little jittery. It's making your heart beat a little faster. You're a little more alert. Um that all starts to play into a stress response. But what those two hormones have in common is that they both want blood glucose levels to climb. It's kind of their way of saying, "Hey, we don't really know what's going on right now, but we want to be ready to run away." Or that's the fight or flight kind of aspect to stress. And so they want to push blood glucose levels up, and they do very well. That, of course, puts them at odds with the hormone insulin. Cuz these two, epinephrine or adrenaline and cortisol, the two stress hormones, they're pushing glucose up, insulin wants to push it down. So, the more of the body is has those stress hormones elevated because of, say, sleep deprivation, that's a very effective way to increase cortisol, or they are taking too much drinking too much caffeine, that is a way to increase epinephrine quite strongly. If both of those signals are too incessant, or the you know, they they continue to be present and climb, then insulin has to work harder and harder. And then we have insulin resistance. So, stress is a cause of insulin resistance. But then next is inflammation. You you know, you you and I were commenting about earlier about how, "Boy, there's a cold going around. People it's flu season. Even then, if a person were wearing a continuous glucose monitor on the back of their arm, measuring their glucose levels, they would see their glucose levels are much much higher like significantly higher during the time that they're struggling with this infection. That is a reflection of insulin resistance. Insulin's having a harder time keeping the blood glucose levels in check. Anytime inflammation is up, insulin resistance will be up as well. Even in things like autoimmune diseases, there are reports in humans that document the degree to which someone has say active rheumatoid arthritis. Their their joints are achy and because of of an autoimmune attacking of the joints, they will note on some days, like every autoimmune disease, there is an ebb and a flow. Some days it's good, some days it's bad. And on the bad days, if you measure their insulin resistance, it is absolutely locked with the degree to which their immune system is turned on or off or higher or lower. So, inflammation is another cause. And then the last one of the fast lane of insulin resistance is too much insulin itself. Now, the astute listener will realize the kind of circular thing I've just presented by invoking high insulin as a cause of insulin resistance because they will also think, "But wait a minute, Ben. You just said that high insulin is also a consequence of insulin resistance." That, you know, back to the bouncer knocking on the the the door of the muscle cell, if one bouncer wasn't enough or one molecule of insulin wasn't enough, the body will say, "Okay, well, let's send 10 molecules of insulin." So, high insulin is both a consequence of insulin resistance, but it's also a cause. And this is reflective of a fundamental principle in all of biology that if there is too much of a stimulus, a cell, if it's capable, will try to become resistant to that stimulus. This would be like a funny analogy of in in in my in the Bickman home, my darling wife is home with the children. That is what she wants to do. She She is full-time mom. When I'm home, and I try to be home as much as I can, it's funny for me to note the difference in how quickly we each respond to our children. I will hear my child saying, "Mom. Mom. Mom." And she's not responding. Mom has heard this for so much that she's become kind of selectively deaf to when my children are demanding her attention. I'm not as around my children quite as much cuz I'm working during the day. And so when I hear that, it's a very fresh signal to me. I've not heard it so much that I've become deaf to it. And so I will respond even though I'm in the other room because I'm so much more sensitive to the clamoring for attention. This is like the body in response to insulin. If there is always insulin, it's always going up, always going up, the body will start to say the muscle cell will start to say, "Boy, insulin, you are knocking on my door all the time. This is getting old. I'm not responding anymore. I'm not going to listen as much as I was before." So in that sense, insulin, too much insulin becomes a cause of insulin resistance. And back to what I said earlier, I could take you into the lab, start infusing you with just a little drip of insulin to increase your insulin, and over just a few hours, you would become demonstrably less sensitive to it than you were before we started. But again, as I would take that away, give your body a few hours, and it's back to normal. In every one of those instances, it's a fast onset, and it's also a fast solution if we can take it away. If we can take it away, but if we can't take it away, does it become sort of chronic? Yes, so that especially all of these can contribute to a more lingering insulin resistance, but especially insulin. Where I focus on that one the most because of not only its relevance to the slow lane, but also just how present it is where 70% of all calories globally are carbohydrates. And now, perhaps with the best of intentions, our experts are telling us that we should be eating six times a day. And so, we eat we wake up in the morning, insulin has finally been coming down while we've been fasting overnight. Insulin gets to take a little bit of a break. We're fasting. Then we break that fast by eating breakfast. And in the UK as it is in the US, by and large, this is going to be a very starchy sugary breakfast. It's toast with some jam or a cereal or it's bagels. That is going to be that is almost pure glucose. And so, what do we do? We wake up, we eat breakfast, we spike our blood sugar levels, and insulin has to come up. Insulin will take longer to come down than the blood sugar will. It will wait in the blood to make sure that all the blood sugar has gone back to normal. So, depending on how much carbohydrate we ate for breakfast, it could take our insulin levels three or even four hours to come back down to normal. Long before it's had a chance to come back down to normal, we've had a mid-morning snack, of course. We need to go get a sugary coffee and another bagel or something. And so, after just a couple hours, we do it again. And once again, before insulin has had a chance to come back down, we have a starchy carbohydrate-heavy lunch, then an afternoon snack, and then a carbohydrate-heavy dinner, and then of course we have to have an evening snack before we go to bed. So, the average individual is spending every waking moment in a state of elevated insulin. And thus, the signal never really goes away because they they never give themselves a break. But one of the consequences of that I mentioned, which is that it directly causes insulin But, when insulin is high, it starts to have a signal on the fat cell. And that then brings us to the slow insulin resistance, where you have something happening in the fat tissue that begins to set the stage for insulin resistance in the entire body. And it takes longer to settle in, but it takes also longer to go away. That's why I call this one slow insulin resistance. Now, in the case of insulin, most people So, the the the the key with the Yeah, I'll explain it this way first. So, the most relevant feature with fat tissue contributing to insulin resistance is the size of each fat cell. When we typically think of fat, we would maybe say, "Okay, Steve has um I'll do this in kilos for the UK audience. Steve has 10 kilos of fat on your entire body. That's probably too much for you. Ben has 20 kilos. And yet, it's possible that I'm healthier metabolically than you. Um and that's because it's not the mass of fat that matters most. It's the size of the fat cell that matters. This is why women, despite universally being fatter than her male counterparts, are healthier with regards to insulin resistance and every single metabolic problem. It's because women, as a result of her particular sex hormones, have more fat cells, but they're smaller. So, she has more fat, but smaller fat cells. And small fat cells are healthy, insulin sensitive, anti-inflammatory fat cells. The but the bigger the fat cell gets, the more it initiates a cascade of events or a series of events that creates insulin resistance. Am I right in thinking we have the same amount of fat cells for our whole life, pretty much? That's really, really safe assumption for most people. Yeah, for most people the a fat cell um sometimes students will hear that fat cells are immortal. That is not true. But, they're long-lived. Fat cells will live about 10 years. And so, typically, by the time you if you think of if you look at a newborn, during infancy, childhood, and puberty, the number of fat cells is going up up up up up. Once they finish puberty, so mid to late teens for a young woman, late teens or even early 20s for a young man, usually at that point the number of fat cells they have is going to be very static. This is something people don't really understand, and I actually need to discover it from doing this podcast and speaking to so many experts about this, that we pretty much, especially as an adult, have the same amount of fat cells, really regardless of what we eat. Yes. And it's actually just the fat cells we have shrinking Or growing. or expanding. Exactly. That's exactly right. Now, there are differences across makes liposuction a pretty bad idea. it in fact, it makes things worse. Please, let's make sure we come back to that. Okay, I'll write that on my list. Because it really becomes the person ends up their vanity ends up really ruining their their their future metabolic outcomes. But, there are differences across ethnicity. Like um this is a little oversimplified, but not much. On one end, you'd have Caucasians, kind of northern European Caucasians. On the other wind end, you'd have East Asians, like uh Chinese, Japanese, uh Korean East Asians. And And then, if you look at that same spectrum of people making fat cells through their life, an East Asian will be making fat cells and then stop right about here. About sort of So, very few fat cells, relatively speaking, across all the ethnicities. They have very few fat cells. A Caucasian on the other end of the spectrum, they went way higher. And so, this guy, let's say American Ben versus Chinese Ben, overly simplified, but but here we are. Um so much of fat mass isn't the number of fat cells, even though American Ben has more, it's the size of the fat cell. So, I could be the same percent body fat really as Chinese Ben, um but that would just be because my fat cells were just that much smaller. But this is the problem then. If you have let's say American Ben and Chinese Ben both gained 10 kilos of pure fat over the next 10 years. Very easily done. Most people do that quite often. Caucasian Ben just doesn't look as good in his speedo. Um which is a pasty Caucasian, he's not going to look particularly good in that speedo anyway. But I'm just indulging a little more than I was before, but otherwise I'm healthy. My blood pressure is fine, my blood sugar is fine, everything is normal. Put that same 10 kilos of fat on Chinese Ben, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, fatty liver disease, infertility. Um and that is because Chinese Ben had fewer fat cells to start with. And so those fat cells, as the body was told to store fat, those fat cells were getting much, much bigger, much sooner. And the fat fat cell promotes insulin resistance very, very readily. And so that logically moves into this the question of what makes fat cells grow? And it is two essential variables that we only ever look at calories. And yet, if you take a person with type 1 diabetes and say, "I want you to eat 10,000 calories, but don't give yourself your insulin injection." They cannot gain weight. It is It is literally impossible for the type 1 diabetic to get fat if they are skipping their insulin injections. In fact, this is so known that if you take Let's imagine a young woman who would maybe have more pressure to be thin than her male counterpart, although it's happening more in males, too. Imagine a young girl who gets diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at the age of 13 or 14. Very impressionable time. She's very worried about how how she looks and how thin she is. She learns that wait a minute, I can eat whatever I want and all I have to do is not inject my insulin and I'll be as skinny as I want and it works. It works so well that it's actually a formal eating disorder called diabulimia. So this the fact that this exists is absolute proof that the growing and the shrinking of the fat cell is more complicated than just calories being high or low. Because like I had said earlier when I talked about hormones, hormones are a way for the bot for the very tissues of the body to know what it ought to do with energy. And so a fat cell will have energy all around it and if it doesn't have insulin to tell it what to do, it won't do anything with it. And or maybe to make this more direct back home in my lab my students my students are growing fat cells in Petri dishes. These fat cells are swimming in a little sea of calories, lots of glucose, lots of fats and yet they stay really small until we add insulin. The moment we add insulin into that little Petri dish, if we check those cells 4 hours later, they're immediately fatter. If we check them 4 hours later, they're fatter still. Now they know what to do with the energy they have. So with slow insulin resistance it develops when fat cells get really really big. It's like a because they have to tell insulin, insulin you continue you you are telling me to keep growing, I can't keep growing. I'm so big that I'm going to pop. I mean literally the fat cell can get so big that it degrades its membrane. It's like a water balloon that a naughty little boy has overfilled and it's about to burst. The fat cell doesn't want to burst and so it tells insulin, insulin you are trying to make me grow. You're telling me to grow. I can't listen anymore. I'm becoming insulin resistant to stop growing. So insulin makes you fat? Oh very much. Now, if you So, so I A moment ago I said that the big fat cell has two variables. You must have both. You must have both a signal to tell the fat cell to get big, which is insulin. It is the There's no other signal that can do it. You can in a human just simply take away the insulin, like type 1 diabetes. It doesn't matter any other hormone in the body, it does not matter. They cannot get fat. They could Again, they can eat thousand They could eat 10,000 calories of chocolate cake. They cannot get fat. Not only can they not get fat, they can't hold on to their fat. Cuz if there's no insulin to tell the fat cell to hold on to it or get big, it has to shrink. It's breaking down its fat. So, the body goes into such a dramatic fat burning state in the absence of insulin that keeping fat becomes impossible. So, the insulin signal's necessary to tell the fat cell what to do. But, the fat cell will say, "Okay, insulin, you're high. You're telling me to grow, but what am I going to grow with?" That's where the calories come in. Now, the fat cell will say, "Hey, fats and glucose in the blood, insulin has told me to get big, and so I need to pull you in to help me grow. You're going to give me the bulk." And if you have one without the other, it is death. So, if I'm eating 2,000 calories and I have a different insulin sensitivity to you. Say we both eat 2,000 calories and I'm insulin resistant, doesn't that mean that I will You'll store more as fat. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, so so your body now it would partly depend on There are people where you you if your if all of your fat cells had reached its maximum point, then you're done. You're not going to gain more fat. You're just going to become more and more and more insulin Okay, fine. So, you kind of start limiting yourself. But, there are studies in humans to show that if you give humans isocaloric diet meals, so the exact same number of calories, but they in the same amount of protein, but you differ those meals based on the amount of carbs to the amount of fat. So, let's say two meals, exact same calories, 2,000 calories, or that's in one meal, that's too high. 1,000 calories in one meal. One version of this is the conventional way of eating, which is lower fat, higher carb. The other meal, same number of calories, but it's lower carb, higher fat. This lower carb, higher fat version will have a lower insulin response, and they they will store less fat from that meal. And their meta- And someone would say, "Well, where do the calories go?" You can't this it's the laws of thermodynamics. You can't destroy energy. The metabolic rate will go up. So, when insulin is low, if you have someone going a full day eating the same number of calories, but lower carb calories, their metabolic rate will be almost 300 calories higher in that day. And metabolic rate is the the total amount of energy that it just costs you and I to just live. Okay. So, It was going through the day. But that's But that's a significant amount. Like, if you and I were to go exercise and say, "Let's go burn 300 calories." We got to be on the stair stepper for an hour or something. So, it's 300 calories, but at the same time, if your insulin is low, you're burning so much fat that you start making ketones. And I I don't intend to get onto that topic quite yet, but suffice it to say, every molecule of a ketone has a has a caloric load roughly similar to glucose. And one of the And And what the body when it starts making a lot of ketones, it starts eliminating the ketones. So, every time someone is breathing out ketones, they're literally breathing out calories. Or they're urinating, and they're urinating out ketones if they have higher ketones in their blood. They're urinating out calories, because ketones have energy. And so, this is the way that if insulin is low, it becomes impossible for the body to hold on to its energy. It is so determined to spend energy that it will both increase metabolic rate, and it will make the energy, the calories be wasted in the breath and in the urine, and and in the form of ketones because ketones have calories. Ketones are energy. Now we're just dumping them out into the universe. It's worth, before we talk about how to keep my insulin levels low so that I can benefit from all the health benefits we've talked about, it's probably also worth just spending a little bit of time trying to understand the evolutionary basis of insulin resistance. There are some theories that are very interesting that attempt to explain why is it that we became so fantastically different from let's say our closest animal relatives, other primates like chimpanzees or or apes. What was the difference that had us become so different than them? One of the leading theories is a is a theory called the expensive tissue hypothesis. And it actually does have something to do with ketones. In the expensive tissue hypothesis, as the theory goes, our earlier ancestors deviated in this kind of animal family line because we started eating more meat. We started eating food that was so nutritious, so nutrient dense, so loaded with good calories and all of the fats and proteins that we need, that it allowed two very distinct changes to occur in us compared to other primates. One, our intestines became significantly shorter. So if you compare the human digestive tract to any other primate animal, if if we are a primate, um then if you look at the intestines, they're fantastically different, particularly the large intestine or the colon. Because our ancestors, as the theory goes, began eating meat, we didn't need the the as much. Um and the colon is a place for food to ferment. And so, if you're eating a lot of plant matter, like other primates do, you need a much, much larger colon. So, we started eating food that was so nutrient-dense, our colon shrunk considerably. We didn't need to waste energy on a big, busy colon. At the same time, as we were eating food that was so nutrient-dense and so loaded with good fat, it allowed us to have more time to be curious and explore. And so, at the same time our intestines were shrinking, because we didn't need them to be so big, our brain was growing. And and it's because it had so much nutrition, including ketones. So, ketones are an extraordinary fuel for the brain. In fact, one of the reasons why a baby that is born premature will be more likely to have learning disorders later in life, is because premature baby didn't have time to get very fat. And fat baby is healthy baby. And fat baby gets into ketosis. Let's say you and I were to to fast straight for 2 days. If you took a 6-month-old baby, that baby would be in a deeper state of ketosis in 2 hours than you and I would be in 2 days. Because the baby is burning so much of its beautiful chubby fat, and the more the body burns fat, the more it makes ketones. And the tissue of the body that appears to benefit the most in response to ketones is the brain. The brain, the moment ketones hit the blood stream, the brain immediately starts taking in ketones for a fuel. Very often, I have students who have had a professor, perhaps with the best of intentions, but ignorant nonetheless, tell the student that the brain the main fuel for the brain is glucose, that the brain prefers glucose. And I show them just one or two papers to prove that wrong immediately. And it is reflected in in in this idea which if if to use some convenient UK units, if blood glucose is 5 millimolar, that's a concentration, a way of measuring an amount of of something. Blood glucose may be 5 millimolar or 80 mg per deciliter for the American audience. Um that would be a normal glucose. And if you and I were to fast for 24 or so hours, we may get up to about 1 millimolar of of ketones. And yet even then, the brain has already switched to get the majority of its energy from the ketone. And so don't tell me that in this dynamic the brain prefers this one because this one's five times higher than this one. And even in that scenario, the brain is already getting more than half of its energy from the ketone. So all of this is my long-winded way of saying, when we look at the principles of evolution, one of the leading theories is this idea that we began eating essentially a meat-heavy diet that again is so nutritious that it allowed our brains to grow. Maybe one final point on this, although it is a bit of a barbed comment, people may find this somewhat amusing or disappointing or frustrating, the title of a book just published which is that vegetarians have smaller brains. This is seen in humans that the less a human eats meat, then the smaller the brain becomes. The brain is so dependent on the nutrient density that comes from animal-sourced foods that it will suffer um when it doesn't get them. Interesting. I mean, that's a controversial thing to say. It is, and you can cut it out. But it really is it's a real thing. And why does depression go up so much when people stop eating animal-sourced foods? It's because you are depriving the brain of what it needs. What is it exactly you're depriving the brain of in that situation? Yeah. Yeah. So at least among other things, at least it would be the the essential omega-3 fats. So there are three omega-3s, and you humans can only we can only get one from plants, but it's one that the humans don't use. We need the other two, and they only come from animal source foods. And you could supplement. Absolutely. Right. I mean, that's what I was Yeah, you can, but but that that So, the the solution in that regard is the vegan must be educated enough to know what they're deficient in, and then wealthy enough to afford the supplements to make up for it. So, is that the the only evolutionary sort of hypothesis towards why we develop this insulin resistance? Mm. Oh, yeah. In fact, it's funny that you bring the question up again because I realized I didn't quite answer it that way. So, insulin resistance, why would it exist at all? It would probably be a way for the body to know when it was needed to hold on to energy a little better. So, now Now, I say that now, and and someone would think, well, but you just why would I want to hold on to energy in a way where it's causing hypertension and Alzheimer's disease and increasing the risk of heart disease? Not all versions of insulin resistance are negative. So, there is um there is what all the insulin resistance that you and I have been talking about is pathological insulin resistance, or harmful insulin resistance. Insulin resistance that serves no good purpose, and it's making us sick. However, there is insulin resistance in human development, which is physiological, or helpful. It's supposed to happen. And that is the two P's of physiological insulin resistance, puberty and pregnancy. Because in both of those instances, as we outlined earlier, when the body's insulin resistant, insulin is high. That's not always bad, because insulin wants things to grow. It is like a fertilizer in the body. Now, sometimes it's misplaced, and results in problems, like increasing the risk of cancer, for example. But in other instances, if you have a young child who needs some explosive growth during puberty, well, then that's really helpful. Insulin's telling the body to store more energy, to build up tissues, including muscle and bone, but also including fat. So, in pregnancy, insulin's playing a role in growing the placenta. is. The breasts. Yes, so in the woman, after she's finished puberty, the only other time of growth she'll ever have will be pregnancy. And and so, those are the two instances where the body has become insulin resistant to take advantage of the heightened scenario where it can grow. Because the woman's body needs to more fat. goodness, yes. Yes, so her body not only needs to grow tissue mass, like the uterus has to get much bigger. She has to grow a placenta. She also needs to become a little insulin resistant to give a little more glucose to her baby, because she is after all now living for two people. And so, as she as her body becomes insulin resistant, it actually facilitates the growth of the baby a little more rapidly. But as you noted, it helps her store more fat, and progesterone is another hormone that even accelerates that process. But basically, it's the her way of her body's way of saying, "Hey, I am committing to growing another human, and it's going to be metabolically very demanding, and so I'm going to have as much extra fat or much as much extra energy as I can in order to ensure that if there's any sort of scarcity in food that happens during the course of the pregnancy, I'll have enough energy to get through it all. And then maybe I'll even have enough to continue to feed the baby with lactation after the baby's born." What is gestational diabetes? Yeah, it's a great question. Gestational diabetes is essentially type 2 diabetes of pregnancy. So, it's perfectly timed question because if you look at the average woman um who is very healthy, very insulin sensitive at the beginning of her pregnancy. So, glucose is normal and insulin is normal. Over the course of her pregnancy, she stays normal healthy pregnant woman, which is to say she has physiological insulin resistance. She doesn't get diagnosed with gestational diabetes though, which means her glucose is normal. But to keep her glucose normal because she is insulin resistant, but for a purpose to help her body grow, her insulin levels are high. And then the glucose is still in a normal range. And then in some women, especially if she has a family history of type 2 diabetes, the insulin resistance goes too far. Now, she has high insulin, like all pregnant women do, but she's not able to keep her glucose levels in check. So, if I'm eating loads and loads of sugar throughout pregnancy, That will compound the problem. Absolutely. So, then she will go from the normal insulin resistance of pregnancy into the insulin resistance of diabetes. So, it really is like type 2 diabetes, but a microcosm of it, a mini version that was really instigated or initiated because of the pregnancy combined with a bit of a genetic predisposition combined with her eating the worst possible way. Does that then impact the future baby? Oh, for sure it does. Yeah. So, think about it's almost like the baby is develop literally developing in a hyperglycemic hyperinsulinemic environment. So, the baby's get the baby gets hardwired to want to continue to exist in a state of high insulin and high glucose after the baby is born. And so, yes, the offspring of mothers who have gestational diabetes are significantly more likely to gain weight and be chubbier or fatter than their counterparts and to later develop type 2 diabetes. Yeah, a resounding yes. I read in your book that these infants have a 40% higher chance to be obese and have metabolic complications in their teenage years and beyond. Yes, I mean a significant thing and I I say that with all of the sympathy I can for the mother who may be struggling with this, but it is certainly a motivation for mom to just be mindful of what you're eating. One of the things that that I saw the other day on social media, which I wanted to ask you about, was this. I've got a picture of it here. Um it was someone online that posted this photo, and they said, well, this graph, and they said, we need to figure out what's going on here. Um this is the graph. I'll put it on screen for anybody that's watching, but also it'll be linked in the comments section below. Um it essentially shows that over the last, let's say, 20 years, there's been a really significant rise in cancer amongst women, but when we look at cancer amongst men, it's pretty flat. Um and this is cancer incidence by age and gender up to 49 years old. And I was wondering if you had any thoughts on why this is happening. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, a few thoughts come to mind. Um whenever I see these kinds of reports, I always make sure I look firstly at the What are they actually measuring? So, just to set the stage, this is the number of women who are being diagnosed with cancer, so not dying from cancer, but it's going up. So, one one simple explanation, although perhaps the most disappointing, could be that more women are going in for testing younger, and so we're just seeing kind of an artifact of more women are just going in sooner, and they're detecting a problem that they wouldn't have otherwise detected, you know, for 10 or 20 years. And which is a good thing. You want to detect cancer as soon as possible. So, that's the boring answer, that it could be a reflection of just more women going in for ultrasounds or MRIs or mammary scans, whereas men don't ever get tested for anything, which is why we die more from everything, possibly. But to give a more exciting answer, this is very, very likely almost entirely driven by breast cancer. Um breast cancer is the main cancer for women um by far. And so, if I had to guess, I bet almost all of this increase in cancer incidence is because of breast cancer. Why might that be going up? I would suggest there's probably a couple instances. One, um although people might not appreciate this, is that one of the best ways for a woman to reduce her risk of breast cancer is actually having babies. It's very well known, um very well documented, that if a woman um has a fam- it has babies and breastfeeds, her risk of um breast cancer goes down. So, yeah, in fact, it's very meaningful. I actually don't know um the reasons for it. It could be the changes in estrogens during lactation phase. I've just I've just actually done a quick search here to I put a picture of that graph into AI and asked it the same question, and it said pretty much what you said. It said, "There's a rising breast cancer incidence according to Cancer Research UK." The other one that it came up with is obesity trends. Oh, yeah. I promise I was going to talk about that. I wouldn't leave that. Yeah. Sorry for interrupting there. No, no, no problem. Uh and then the other one was delayed childbearing. That's what I'm saying. Which is what you were saying. Yeah, so as child rates as childbirth rates are going down, it does increase the risk of breast cancer. Now, as I I'm a cell biologist, right? I like to understand the direct mechanism. And so, as much as I invoke the perhaps lower rates of childbirth among women, I don't know the mechanism, so I'm sort of loath to describe it. The mechanisms I'm very familiar with are the metabolic, um which is if you take a breast tissue that is tumor tissue and compare it to like if you take a breast tumor and compare it to the normal tissue right next to it, like that it would have shared its origins with, the cancer from the breast will have seven times more insulin receptors than the normal breast tissue. So, the idea of this tracking quite nicely with obesity rates going up over the past 20 years, I wouldn't say that it's the obesity per se, but I would say it's the entire metabolic milieu, which is the insulin resistance, that as much as the high insulin is promoting fat cells getting bigger, that high insulin is also accelerating the growth of the tumor cells. Because again, the main one of the main mutations in breast cancer is a sevenfold so a seven times increase in the number of insulin receptors. And insulin wants to tell things to grow. So it's no surprise that almost every tumor that's ever been measured for having insulin receptors will have a lot more. It's basically telling its neighboring cells, "Insulin's going to come by and it's going to tell us all to grow. I want to grow more than you." And that's what cancer is. Cancer is growth, unregulated growth. Insulin tells things to grow. So the connection between obesity with the rising incidence of breast cancer is very, very likely a consequence of the rising incidence of As you guys know, Whoop is one of my show sponsors. It's also a company that I have invested in and it's one that you guys ask me about a lot. The biggest question I get asked is why I use Whoop over other wearable technology options. And there is a bunch of reasons, but I think it really comes down to the most overlooked yet crucial feature. It's non-invasive nature. When everything in life seems to be competing for my attention, I turn to Whoop because it doesn't have a screen. And Will Ahmed, the CEO who came on this podcast, told me the reason that there's no screen. Because screens equal distraction. So when I'm in meetings or I'm at the gym, my Whoop doesn't demand my attention. It's there in the background constantly pulling data and insights from my body that are ready for when I need them. If you've been thinking about joining Whoop, you can head to join.whoop.com/ceo and try Whoop for 30 days risk-free and zero commitment. That's join.whoop.com/ceo. Let me know how you get on. You know, one of the big subjects you touched on at the start was the was Alzheimer's and dementia. And I have heard several people on this podcast tell me that they think of Alzheimer's as type three diabetes. Worldwide, there is a new case of dementia every 3.2 seconds. Um it seems like I don't know if this is true, but is Alzheimer's and dementia on the rise? Oh, yes. Yeah, it is. In fact, it went from not being even on the radar to being a top 10 killer. Um now, it's interesting how people even die from Alzheimer's disease. It's a very kind of vague death. But yeah, Alzheimer's disease is one of the top 10 diseases now. Um certainly in the West. Um and and I would argue it's because it has a metabolic origin. Now, one of the interesting things about Alzheimer's disease is we have spent billions of dollars on Alzheimer's research trying to identify the the plaque. So so just to set the stage here so that people listening can appreciate this this paradigm shift that's occurred in Alzheimer's research. Originally, and even in many people still, people thought that Alzheimer's disease is the result of these plaques accumulating in the brain. These kind of little proteinaceous little thick things that are preventing neurons from sending the signals throughout the brain for the brain to think and and and have normal cognition. And and yet, there are those of us and I am proud to say I have long been one of them who has said that the plaque-based theory doesn't make sense. We have had drugs that have been available for human use for years that have effectively reduced plaques in the brain and yet did nothing to improve cognition. So that is an immediate challenge of the plaque-based theory of Alzheimer's. Even further, even beyond older than that evidence, when you would look postmortem or look at tissue donor, people who passed away, you would look at the brains of people who died with confirmed Alzheimer's disease at the time of death and look at the brain of someone who died without any evidence of any cognitive decline or any compromised thinking whatsoever. And you would be just as likely to find plaques in both brains. So the So whether the brain had Alzheimer's disease not, you would still see plaques in the brain. So the whole idea that plaques mattered has long been controversial. And just to put a fine point on it before transitioning to the metabolic origins, about two or three years ago, they found out that the very first published papers that implicated plaque as a cause of Alzheimer's disease were based on fabricated data. So the scientists who published those first reports that led to the entire theory that Alzheimer's disease is plaque-based were called out as fraudulent. And and indeed, all of it was fabricated. So the entire idea that Alzheimer And and we have spent billions of dollars on studies to try to how determine how do plaques cause cause Alzheimer's disease? Why when we reduce plaques, it doesn't appear to help the Because the plaques had nothing to do with it. That's just something that some brains have. Some brains have more of these little specs than other brains, and they don't contribute to Alzheimer's disease at all. Now, what did can what kept rising to the top, and I would hope now is the dominant theory, is that people with Alzheimer's disease almost always have some detectable instance of insulin resistance, if not full-on diabetic type 2 diabetes. Now, I will say personally, I don't like the term type 3 diabetes because it makes it sound like it's a whole new version of diabetes. To say it more succinctly and accurately, it is simply insulin resistance of the brain. And the brain is a very hungry organ. It is in what I teach as as a tri a trinity of high metabolic rate organs. That there are three organs in the body whose metabolic rate is so high that it just really sets it apart from everything else. And the brain is one of them. The brain has a very high metabolic rate. So this is a very hungry organ that that a lot of energy all the time. But the brain is unique in that it primarily will only use two fuel sources, and I've mentioned them, namely glucose and ketones. But glucose in that section of the brain that gets compromised with Alzheimer's disease, the glucose can't just come straight in. It needs someone to open the door for it, and that is insulin, of course, just like we described with the muscle cell. Where in order for the glucose to go into the muscle, insulin had to come and knock on the door, if you will. And then the muscle, being a polite, responsive host, would open and allow the glucose to come in. The brain is similar. That in that section of the brain, it has doors that need insulin. It's locked until insulin comes and opens them. So, even though glucose levels may be high in the blood, like in type 2 diabetes, you would think, "Well, the brain can just get all the glucose it wants." And yet it cannot because it has insulin regulating the entrance of the glucose. And if the brain is insulin resistant, there's not enough glucose coming in. And thus the brain is forced to rely on the only other fuel that it can rely on, namely ketones. But the same person who's eating all the time to keep their blood glucose high all the time has so much insulin in their blood that they're never making enough ketones to fill the gap. You know, mind the gap, and the brain has an energy gap now. And where where the brain needs, you know, an amount of energy, I'm kind of acting it out for those that are watching, but the brain has a certain energy demand that it needs. And if there's a lot of glucose in a healthy insulin-sensitive person, glucose will fill all of that need. But as the brain becomes progressively insulin-resistant, it cannot get all of its energy from glucose. And thus there's an energetic gap. And in the absence of ketones, there's nothing to fill that gap, and the brain says, "Well, I don't have enough energy to keep functioning as well as I did before, so I have to reduce my function, which manifests as a reduction in the ability to think and process. In other words, cognition goes down. But, what's so interesting is I just got finished describing a scenario that scientists refer to as brain glucose hypometabolism, or a reduction in the amount of glucose the brain is using. There are scientists that measured this. We don't in my lab because we don't do these kinds of techniques, but you can actually infuse people with a glucose that you can take pictures of and see how much the brain is taking it in and metabolizing it. In Alzheimer's disease, the brain is not getting as much glucose, so they call that a hypo, or a reduction in metabolism of glucose. And as much as you and I are describing that scenario as relevant for Alzheimer's disease, you can essentially open up the book of neurological disorders and see the same thing. Depression has a brain glucose hypometabolism to it. Migraines have a brain glucose hypometabolism. Epilepsy um and Parkinson's so all of these disorders of the brain, of the central nervous system, the one thing they all have in common is the brain isn't getting enough energy from glucose. And another way of saying that is the one thing all of those seemingly unrelated brain problems have in common is that they all have some degree of insulin resistance. But, then it's no surprise that they all benefit when ketones can swoop in to save the day. Um but that only can happen if the person is giving their body a break from the insulin long enough to actually start making ketones. Really, really interesting on this point about Alzheimer's because I don't think people have spent enough time talking about the link between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's. Um and one of the things I was I was looking at there was how many people with Alzheimer's have meet the criteria for And some studies have it at 40%. There's a study I found here that has it at 70 to 80%. Um which I wanted to cite. Um Exact percentages vary, but one example is a study in the Journal of Neurology in 2011 that found insulin resistance at approximately 40% of individuals with Alzheimer's. Um but another study uh in Alzheimer's patients sometimes found it to be as high as 70 or 80%. For instance, research by Dr. Suzanne de la Monte at Brown University has drawn attention to the concept of type 3 diabetes. Yeah, again, I don't love the term, but I appreciate the use of it, which is it does suggest a metabolic origin. But even you look at those ranges, Stephen, you'd say, "Well, one was 40, one was 80. Boy, what a difference." I suspect a lot of that is just how did they measure insulin resistance? If they were looking at the glucose like so many do, you're just going to miss a lot of people. Yeah, it's quite hard to I think there's different criteria, right, for how one defines someone as insulin resistant. Well, there Yeah, and that's just that's right. That's because there's not enough training, which is at the beginning of the conversation you asked my mission. One of my missions is to help people learn what to look for. What do they need to be looking for? Yeah, they need to be looking at insulin. So Is that easy to measure? Well, it is technically easy to measure. It's just that we have we don't have enough systems in place to allow to enable it. Like again, if if someone listening in the UK were to go to their GP and say, "Can you measure my insulin?" In many instances, they literally can't get it done. The system just isn't in place to take it to the lab and and measure it. Now, some do. I know some physicians in the UK who do so, and they have developed their own way of getting it done, and they're incredible advocates of this whole idea. But it is harder in the UK and Canada um where the system is such that they have said, out of ignorance, but perhaps well-placed or or well-intentioned, they will say, "Well, insulin isn't a marker that matters." It is. And if you're measuring insulin resistance, just to put things back to where we had talked about it earlier, many people with insulin resistance have normal blood glucose levels. It's the insulin that's high. And so, I would say if a person can get their insulin measured, get it measured. In US units, if it is anything above about 10 micro units per mil, that's a warning. In UK units, if it's anything above about 40 picomoles, that's a warning. Insulin is high, you could have insulin resistance. And you could be skinny Oh, yes. and have insulin resistance. Yes, that's especially depending on the ethnicity. Like if someone listening to this is East Asian and they say, "Well, I'm quite thin. I don't have insulin resistance." You very well could. Um it it depends. Even in in young women, a a group out of northern Canada, which is of course pretty far north, they found that even in young healthy weight women with PCOS, they if they compared them to their identically matched other women without PCOS, they were more insulin resistant in the other group. So so anyway, that's my way of saying even if you look at yourself and think, "Well, I'm kind of lean. I'm not insulin resistant." You very well could be. Okay, so I've got a friend who's a a woman who has PCOS. And one of the things that she often says to me is that she gains weight easily. Is this true? Oh, for sure. And in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if she does because the fact that she has PCOS is not absolute evidence, but very likely evidence that she has insulin resistance, which would mean at any given moment her insulin is at the risk of being a little higher than her non-insulin resistant counterparts. So if she goes and gets the test done, I bet her insulin would be high. Um and so, all that would mean is which is good. I mean, knowledge is power. And my hope would be that as someone goes and gets their insulin measured, and there are a handful of other tests they could also look at, but that's the most succinct. Then it would be all the more impetus or encouragement to say, "Okay, I heard I listened to Steven and Ben. I really do need to start making some changes." And even in PCOS, there are reports that document the absolute reversal of the disease with nothing more than just dietary changes. I was looking also at second here cuz we mentioned ethnicity a few times and it says the research I was looking at says that East Asians have East Asians have fewer fat cells and they're more resistant to obesity-related metabolic issues. Well, that's second part of that statement is not true. They're more resistant to obesity, but they are like if it's an interesting dichotomy cuz Right. Okay, I got you. Yeah, so they're more you you like to find a Japanese man who's as fat as the average American, boy, you're going to have to look. It's hard. It's hard, but to find a Japanese man who has is just as much likely to get diabetes, type 2 diabetes, very easy. Africans have more fat cells typically? Yeah, so so on that ethnicity, if now there's a lot of kind of wiggle room here, but on one end we'd have Caucasians, blacks would be right nearby. African ethnicities would be quite close um to the to the kind of northern European ethnicity. And then we would move through and and I don't mean to miss anyone here, but on the other end it would be East Asian and then sprinkled through that would be um uh Latino. Latino would be somewhere in the middle and Hispanic. And then other Southeast Asian and then East Asian kind of on the worst end or the least sensitive or the most sensitive to their fat. The most sensitive to their fat. This actually is a concept that has been presented called the personal fat threshold, which is this really interesting idea born from a group in Australia suggesting that across every individual body, which of course is heavily influenced by both ethnicity and sex, like we mentioned earlier, a body is going to have a rate at which it can store fat in a healthy way. And then once that threshold is met, any further pressure to store fat will start creating insulin resistance. And that threshold is essentially how big, how many fat cells do you have, and how much room do they have. So if you have more fat cells, you have a higher fat threshold. You can get fatter before it starts to hurt you. Does your fat distribution also matter here? Because does. different races, this research is telling me have different fat distribution. It's saying that Africans have better fat distribution, lower visceral fat, and less metabolic risk because of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Caucasians moderate fat cell quantity, more prone to subcutaneous fat accumulation, which Subcutaneous. Which is that's the fat around the organs. Yeah, so Caucasians and so so let's say northern European African, both store more of their fat subcutaneously, which is the fat just beneath the skin, or the fat that you can pinch and jiggle. That has an ability to expand more because there's nothing really to limit it. Um however, the other place for people to store fat is their visceral adipose, which is the fat that is tucked within the abdominal cavity, so tucked around the organs. It's sort of surrounding the kidneys and the intestines and the liver. That is an unhealthy place to gain fat, but an East Asian, all things equal, is putting much more fat there than they are subcutaneously. The advantage of subcutaneous fat is Which is the fat on the outside. Yeah, yeah, so the the fat beneath the skin. Yeah, the yeah, the loose belly fat, the fat that can pinch and jiggle. That fat has a greater ability to make new fat cells. So as much as earlier you and I said fat cells remain static, for the most part they do, there's a little bit of wiggle room, where it can go up. And that's purely subcutaneous. And Hispanics have higher fat cell quantity, more visceral fat, and increased risk of obesity related conditions. Yes, and so the problem with visceral fat is this is such a finite space. There's so little room within the core of your body that if we allowed those fats to multiply, it could theoretically start physically compressing on tissues. Right. And so those fat cells only grow through hypertrophy, which is the thing we talked about earlier with slow insulin resistance. Subcutaneous fat cells are more abundant but smaller. Visceral fat cells are fewer but much larger. And so any ethnicity including Hispanic or Asian that promotes relatively more fat storage in the visceral space is going to suffer from the consequences of that fat much sooner. And again, it still comes back to size. The bigger the fat cell, the sicker the fat cell. According to Alzheimer's Disease International, the total number of people living with dementia globally is expected to reach 139 million by 2050, which is up from around 55 million in 2020. Which I imagine is in part related to people living a bit longer than they once did as well. Although although over the past few years, life expectancy actually turned down for the first time in the history of modern world. So who knows if it will continue to go up, but yeah. It could be people are living longer. I mean one of the effects of modern medicine is that people live longer with disease. Um Alzheimer's included, but it's absolutely a consequence further of our overall metabolic milieu that we put ourselves in a position where we are making our brains insulin resistant and thus they're going hungrier and hungrier. There's a study you talk about which you've cited before that shows that if you move visceral fat from an obese animal to a lean animal, this immediately caused insulin resistance. Yeah. In the animal that received it. Okay. Yeah, so just to be clear, if if we took what they did in the study just to reflect why or that different depots of fat are harmful. And so the the human body has two distinct fat depots, and you and I described them subcutaneous, which is the fat beneath the skin, or visceral, which is the fat tucked within the organs of the abdominal space. And if you move subcutaneous fat, Which is like the belly fat? The belly fat, and and from one animal to another, you couldn't do this in humans, if you move belly fat, if you will, or subcutaneous fat from one animal to the other, the animal's very healthy. It's no problem. Subcutaneous fat is inert. It really is just sort of hanging out there and minding its own business. But, in that same study, if you move the visceral adipose over, now all of a sudden that animal that got that extra dose of visceral fat is going to become sicker. It's going to become more insulin resistant and diabetic because you've increased its visceral fat the amount of fat that it has in that space. The body wants to limit the amount of fat that it has there because if the fat, again, if the fat grows too much, you can physically start compressing and squishing organs that you need to be functioning, like the kidneys and the intestines. Have you seen Bryan Johnson? I have. I don't know him personally, but You've seen the documentaries and stuff made about him and the the work that he's doing. What do you make of what he's doing to extend his age? Cuz, you know, one of the subjects that I think's linked to this is the idea of longevity and aging, and he's become a bit of a poster child for the subject of longevity. Right, right. Well, I want to address this cuz this is a real person, so I want to address it very politely and diplomatically. I think that I want to distinguish the difference between longevity research and science, which is a very real, living, breathing field, and I'm proud to know individuals who are longevity scientists, and distinguish them from um longevity you said poster child, so the the gurus of longevity, and that's not the same thing. So, what I say, I don't mean to it to be an indictment of longevity research, but I don't mind if people hear a bit of an indictment in my voice of the modern longevity guru approach. So, these individuals, and he is certainly the most well-known, they do have the advantage of never really being able to be proven wrong. You know, so there's an inherent problem here. But, I will say that the the application of being a longevity expert or not a scientist, but a guru, and I don't mean for that to be negative, but it does have a bit of a negative sound to it, is that you have to rely on what I would call weak evidence. Now, what do I mean by that? Uh so, all of the approaches to longevity nowadays rely on either correlational studies or basic research or animals and insect studies. And then extrapolating that results or assuming those same results will apply to the human. So, let me briefly just mention my concerns with correlational research. So, the longevity guru will say, "Correlational evidence suggests that people who eat meat um die more." Well, a correlational study is, by my estimation, some of the weakest evidence that you can ever generate. A correlational study would just have someone come to your home and say, "Steven, can you please answer this survey about what you eat?" You answer the survey. You may lie. You may not remember. You may have things that you don't even think about including, like, for example, that you're part of a very um well-put-together religious organization. And I actually used that example very deliberately because people who are known to be part of good tight social circles, like a formal religious group, always live longer than people who don't. Maybe you're really lonely. Loneliness is a greater contributor to death than cigarette smoking, and it's not even close. So, there could be things on that survey that you just cannot capture. And yet, we end up making a conclusion. And so, all of that correlational evidence is deeply flawed research. And yet that becomes the basis for the longevity guru to determine diet. So, if I'm trying to extend my longevity, trying to live longer, then exactly what should I be thinking about? So, my view on longevity is a metabolic view, no surprise. I'm a metabolic scientist and I don't mind someone sort of smirking at me declaring that or admitting it. But, I'm somewhat justified. Just by way of setting the stage, the earliest the birth of the modern longevity research uh at least if it didn't start, it was heavily influenced by the work of a woman named Cynthia Cynthia Kenyon. K E N Y O N Cynthia Kenyon was one of the kind of she really did, in my mind, kind of give give birth to the modern longevity focus. What her lab found using an insect model, and this is again a problem with the longevity gurus is that they rely on insect data and for example, but it was compelling what she found. I think it was worms. She found in worms that if they restricted the glucose that the worms were eating, they would live 50% longer or some some fantastic increase in the how long the animals lived. That kind of gave birth to the idea of fasting being beneficial, but it also allowed her lab to start playing around with some of the genes of these little insects. And when they started knocking down or under expressing some of the genes involved in insulin, they didn't have to restrict the food, the animals just lived longer. And so, that touches on this metabolic aspect and everyone nowadays is really interested in autophagy. Autophagy is a term for a cell essentially cleaning itself out. Which is typically associated with long fasting. Yeah, that's Yeah, yeah. In fact, yes. So, that is partly why fasting has been so embraced within the uh longevity community. it's because if you can promote longevity or autophagy rather, if you can promote autophagy, the cell keeping itself cleaned out, that is thought to be a key contributor to longevity. So, autophagy equating to longevity. I don't disagree with that. I think that probably is a very valid view. Then, the question comes, well, how can I control autophagy? Well, there is a humble hormone that comes from the pancreas that has a very powerful effect on autophagy called insulin. So, as much as people are fasting, what's the value of fasting in reducing autophagy? It's because insulin comes down. Now, what becomes interesting is what happens if you were to put someone allow them to eat calories, but the calories are such that their insulin is staying low and they're making ketones. In other words, a ketogenic diet. You also enable autophagy. There was a very well-done animal study finding that they didn't have to restrict calories and fast the animals. They could let the animals eat as much as they wanted, but it was a ketogenic diet. They lived significantly longer than their other littermates that were eating the normal high-carb chow, similar to what humans eat nowadays. And so, autophagy probably does matter for longevity. All the more reason to keep your insulin in check because insulin is a powerful inhibitor of autophagy. So, as much as we have longevity gurus who are taking thousands of dollars worth of supplements, I can't help but look at that and think, just control your insulin. That within every cell, there's this battle. There's a yin-yang of growth and death or building and breaking to say it a little more politely. In fact, that is metabolism. The very word metabolism encompasses anabolism, which is anabolic or building up, and catabolism or catabolic, which is breaking down. The key to a healthy growing living cell is this nice ongoing balance of build and break, build and break. You have to build something up and then modestly break it down. And then you build somethings up again. And autophagy is a very important part of that breaking cycle within the cell that hey, it's time to get rid of some old parts and now we'll rebuild some of that again. Now we're going to break down these parts and rebuild it. Insulin is the key to that process. If insulin stays high for too long, you never allow the catabolic or the breakdown. This is one reason why insulin is so facilitative to cancer. Insulin wants things to grow. Cancer is a disease of growth. We don't ever let the cancer start to break down. Insulin won't let it in part. You even repeatedly talked about ketosis. I have. Ketones. We'll eventually get there. We're kind of teasing the audience a little bit. Yeah, we are. Yeah. But rightly so. I mean, ketones are a very vilified misunderstood part of the body. And and to my great delight, um it's getting it's getting a sort of new appreciation. Well, I'm currently on the keto diet as well. So, I am incredibly interested to understand A, like what's going on in my body, but B, I I'm quite compelled by both the pros and cons of doing it. And I want to talk about the cons and the pros. Um because they both exist. One thing you say in your book, Why We Get Sick, is that the longest living humans are also the most insulin sensitive. So, you're telling me that the longest living humans are the ones that are able to stave off that Yes. Yes, so there are keep their insulin levels low. That's right. Yeah, in fact, most of the a sort of a final point on this, um is that when you look at these studies that look back in time and say, "Okay, what is it about these people? What variables tend to go along with the longest lived humans?" One of them is that their insulin sensitive and their blood glucose levels are In fact, a very well done study just last year out of Sweden. I think it was just 1 year ago. They looked at all and Sweden is meticulous in its in its record keeping, which is an advantage. And and a fairly homogeneous society, so it kind of eliminates some confounding variables. But they attempted to document what were the what were the variables that were just the most consistent theme of people who lived very long. One of them was good glucose control. And this next one is very controversial because they found that they also the longest lived people had high cholesterol levels. And isn't that funny? It is one of the most consistent themes of longevity research that the longest lived people have higher cholesterol. And yet we live in a world that hates cholesterol and the moment cholesterol goes up we put them on a cholesterol lowering medication. We could be doing the perfectly wrong thing to help these people live longer. So, that was and and then low uric acid and there's a handful of other little variables that fit into this. So, they they found that some of the longest living humans had high That's right. That's what the Sweden study found for example. The paper just published a year or so ago. What were some of the most consistent themes? They had good glucose control and high cholesterol. I'm a great defender of of cholesterol. It is a molecule of life. And and so many so much depends on it. Mitochondria for example. Mitochondria have to have a cholesterol molecule in them in order to work. Like the very powerhouse of the cell. And the more you lower cholesterol through say drug interventions, the more you compromise the mitochondria. Um the sex hormones. All sex hormones are built on cholesterol. It's no surprise if someone takes a cholesterol lowering medication their sex hormones go down. This is why some men experience such terrible loss of libido because he's becoming low testosterone because of the war on cholesterol. But there's good and bad cholesterol, right? Well, that's as the story goes, yes. And yet I think that's overly simplified. Where people will say LDL cholesterol is the bad cholesterol. And yet, that gets included in these studies of longevity. So, I think the good and bad aspect of it is not entirely fair or accurate. We need LDL. And LDL is just as much a component of the immune system. LDL actually helps the body fight infections. So, it's also an unsung hero of immunity. There was research suggesting that in very old age, high cholesterol levels do not always correlate with higher mortality. And in some studies may even be linked to longer life. Exactly. Which is bizarre. Yeah, well, you say that and yet maybe our anti-cholesterol view is the bizarre one. And so, as a cynic who's very familiar with biomedical research, I sometimes will look at clinical markers and say, "Why are we so obsessed with glucose? Why not insulin? Why are we so obsessed with cholesterol? Why not triglycerides, which is another lipid that can be measured that is far more predictive of who's going to have a heart attack or not?" And I think it's because we have chosen markers in modern medicine that we have well-designed drugs. So, it's a really, really good way to sell a lot of drugs. So, there's no drug that's going to address insulin. So, let's not measure it. But, there are lots of drugs that will lower glucose. So, let's measure glucose because then we can diagnose the problem and then we can give them a drug and make a lot of money. That's a cynical view, but I don't think it's unjustified. Similarly with cholesterol. Why look at LDL when triglycerides, another lipid marker, are a much better indicator? It's because we don't have a drug that effectively lowers triglycerides. You can with diet, but we do have drugs that very effectively lower LDL. One thing that really surprised me when I was reading your work is there was a study done in Bulgaria which proved that smoking causes insulin resistance in humans by having seven healthy non-smokers smoke four cigarettes over an hour for 3 days. What did they find in that study? Yeah, so they found that if you took healthy non-smoking people and had them start smoking, they became insulin resistant. I believe I invoked that study in the section where I was talking about inflammation. Um where when you cigarette smoke that elicits there's a lot of junk coming in and there's a powerful inflammatory response and that contributes to insulin Is this vaping as well? Oh, so that is a very good question. I have in fact published now multiple papers with a very good friend and colleague who is a lung expert at my university, a guy named by the name of Paul Reynolds. Paul and I, we have published reports together looking at cigarette smoking and the inflammatory and insulin resistance effects that come from that. And now we've even started looking at the molecules, the hyper-heated molecules from vaping and they're they're terrible. In fact, yes, very similar results. If you were to take a comparable amount of the chemicals from normal cigarette smoke with its filter versus vaping, the vaping ones are probably worse chemical for chemical. In terms of their insulin in terms of their inflammatory effect, of the damage to the airway and the insulin resistance that comes from it. That's horrifying. It is in part because of just how common it's become. Does smoking make us fat? Uh that's a great question. It doesn't because it replaces other interests. So if the cigarette smoker ate the way everyone else was eating, it would. But because the cigarette smoke satisfies a craving, they have less of an interest in food. What's so interesting about cigarette smoking is again, as I said, you begin to smoke other things don't tempt you as much like the cookies and the cakes. But one of the ways the smoker helps kick the habit of cigarette smoking is actually eating candy. Like they will literally start carrying around little candies in their pocket. So that they feel a craving for cigarette smoking, they will take out a little candy, open it up, and pop it in their mouth. And so it's no surprise that very commonly when a person quits smoking, they gain significant weight. They end up trading out their addictions, if you will. Um and unfortunately, in humans, all of the study of addictions with food, people only manifest an addiction to one type of food, and that is carbohydrate. There's no evidence of addiction to fats or proteins. You published a study in 2024, which found that exposure to diesel exhaust gas was associated with increased fat mass, enlarged fat cells, insulin resistance, and increased levels of inflammation. And that was published in the International Journal of Molecular Sciences. Yeah, that was one of the studies I just was referring to with regards to my colleague Paul Reynolds. Paul and I, we That was one of the papers we published looking at these inhaled particulates. The reason I was interested in this field of study in the first place was just to continue to kill the caloric model of obesity. So our And this touches on an earlier part of the conversation. Overwhelmingly, if you ask someone, "Why do we get fat?" Well, because you eat more calories than you burn. "Why do you lose fat?" Because you eat fewer calories. And I have long just been frustrated by how naive that view is. Yes, energy matters, but again, the fat cell must be told what to do with the energy that it has. That, of course, points an obvious finger at insulin, which is the strongest of all signals. But what we found in that study is that even something as seemingly unrelated as diesel exhaust particles, mind you, we did not do this study in humans. Full disclosure, we did the study in animals where we could perfectly control how much diesel exhaust they're getting. Um so we have this mechanism through in Paul's lab where you can aerosolize these particulates and know exactly how how the animals breathing. And then at the end of the study, after even though they ate the exact same amount of food, the animals that were exposed to the diesel exhaust particulates had fatter fat cells and more insulin resistance than the animals that had just been breathing normal room air. So, what we're breathing in theoretically could then be determining how fat we're getting. Yeah, yeah, in fact yeah yeah this evidence would suggest that it goes beyond theory. So, our evidence would state conclusively that yes, what you breathe does matter. Then theoretically we would say, well, how much does that apply to humans? That is where it would get into the realm of theoretical, but the evidence certainly suggests yes, the very air we breathe matters. And you see this at a population level. Look in areas where there are Now, there are confounding variables here. Here I am invoking correlational research and I was just criticizing it a moment ago with regards to longevity. But you look in areas where they have higher pollution levels, where the particulates are higher in the atmosphere, and those same areas are always fatter and more diabetic. Interesting. But of But of course that's correlational, so it's hard to say. Exactly. Yes, thank you for pointing it out. And but again, as much as you and I are citing the problem with the correlational study there, we need to always cite the problem with correlational studies when it comes to informing nutrition policy. Like, don't eat eggs because they cause diabetes, but when you actually look at the studies, you find nothing of the sort. What about other sort of environmental toxins and their impact on insulin resistance? Mhm. Yeah. So, there are the ones that you inhale. A handful of inhaled particulates will matter. We have shown in my lab alone with my with my collaborators, diesel exhaust will do it, cigarette smoke will do it, and more We have a funded grant right now to look at the effects of vaping. So, apparently stuff we breathe will matter. To some unknown degree, things that we drink will that are non-caloric. So, there can be like people have heard of the microplastics. Microplastics are things that you can't They're so small that you drink them and they will absorb through the intestine and get into the bloodstream. For reasons that are unknown to me at the moment, one of the sites where those microparticles will go is the fat cells. And once there, they will directly promote the growth of the fat cells. So, that's actual microscopic segments of plastic. But separate from that are molecules that can come from plastics and soaps and detergents like BPA or diethylstilbestrol DES. That's actually an estrogen mimetic, kind of what we referred to earlier with regards to other endocrine disruptors. But there are other chemicals that a person can drink um or inhale like I mentioned earlier, but that will directly impact the growth of fat cells or promote to tell that mimic what insulin wanted to do, which is tell the fat cell to grow. I've invested more than a million pounds into this company Perfect Ted, and they're also a sponsor of this podcast. I switched over to using matcha as my dominant energy source, and that's where Perfect Ted comes in. They have the matcha powders, they have the matcha drinks, they have the pods, and all of this keeps me focused throughout a very, very long recording day, no matter what's going on. And their team is obsessed with quality, which is why they source their ceremonial grade matcha from Japan. So, when people say to me that they don't like the taste of matcha, I'm guessing that they haven't tried Perfect Ted. Unlike low-quality matcha that has a bitter, grassy taste, Perfect Ted is smooth and naturally sweet. And without knowing it, you're probably a Perfect Ted customer already if you're getting your matcha at places like Blank Street or Joe & the Juice. But now, you can make it yourself at home. So, give it a try and we'll see if you still don't like matcha. So, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to give you 40% off our matcha if you try it today. Head to perfectted.com and use code Steven 40. Or if you're in a supermarket, you can get it at Tesco's or Holland & Barrett or in the Netherlands at Albert Heijn. And those of you in the US, you can get it on Amazon. question I get asked is why use Whoop over other wearable technology options and there is a bunch of reasons, but I Because screens equal distraction. So, So, let's talk about ketosis and Um the diet the keto diet is becoming increasingly popular from what I've seen. It's actually the diet that I'm on at the moment. How does that play into everything we've talked about? Yeah. Yeah, so it it this is an opportunity for me to do a little bit of um bio nutrient biochemistry or a little discussion of metabolism so that people appreciate what ketones even are and where they come from. So, the the entirety of the human body is a metabolic hybrid in that the body is largely burning fuel from two sources. It is burning blood glucose or sugar blood sugar or it's burning fat. Those are the two main fuels for the body my extension. Now, the brain was an exception. The brain is glucose or ketones and but I'll get to where the ketones come from. The rest of the body isn't really relying on ketones as much. It's fats or glucose or blood sugar. Insulin is what decides which fuel is used. So, as much as the metabolic engine has two fuel sources, insulin will decide which one is opened and which one is closed. If insulin is high, the body is sugar burning. And you can measure this in the whole body level by measuring the amount of oxygen and CO2 that the body is producing. Because different biochemistry or the burning of the fuels will produce a different amount of CO2. So, if I'm burning glucose, I might be producing more CO2. Yes. Yes, so we could hook you up to something called an indirect calorimeter and measure that your RER, the respiratory exchange ratio, the balance between CO2 and oxygen, would go higher. So, we we increase your insulin, like if I infused you with insulin in the next few minutes, we would see that your RER would go up and we'd say, "Boy, you're sugar burning." Or we allow insulin to come down and then the RER goes down, which is reflective of fat burning. So, it's insulin that determines whether the body is sugar burning or fat burning. Now, when insulin has been low for about 16 or so hours, something interesting starts happening at the liver. So, the liver, with insulin being low, is burning a lot of fat. Including its own fat that the liver can store. The liver can store fat, but also fat coming from fat cells. Because if insulin is low, the fat cells are just leaking out fat to be burned by the body. And because insulin is low, the liver keeps burning it. And the liver essentially burns continues to burn so much fat that it it fills its own needs. It meets its own needs and says to itself, "Hey, I don't need to keep burning fat. I have all the energy I need. I'm I'm doing great." But it can't stop burning fat because insulin is low. And if insulin stays low, fat burning keeps going. And so, Because the body doesn't have enough Well, it's acting Yes, so in this sense, it's doing it to help replace the glucose that isn't coming in. That's what value of the ketone. So, as the liver is continuing to burn fat, it essentially gets to a point of fat burning where it's burning more fat than it needs. And that excess, if you will, is what becomes ketones. So, ketones are kind of a metabolic release valve for the liver cell to say, "I I can't I don't know what to do with all this fat burning. Okay, I know what I'm going to do. There's not a lot of glucose coming in. And so, the brain may start to get hungry. So, I'm going to start making ketones." And so, ketones are nothing more than a product of a lot of fat burning. And anyone who even fasts for 24 hours, you wake up that next morning, you're in some degree of ketosis. Lest anyone think it's an extreme thing. People are going in and out of ketosis ideally often. Now, why do I say ideally? It's because ketones are, as we've already outlined, perhaps the best fuel for the brain. The brain thrives on ketones. You can take a person with early stage Alzheimer's disease and have them go through a series of cognitive tests and they do horribly on them. Like one example is you ask the patient with Alzheimer's to draw the face of an analog clock, a circle with 1 2 through 12 and then some hands on it. And it is utter chaos. This is published reports. You then put them into ketosis, ask them, "Can you please draw the face of a clock?" It's still sloppy, but it is absolutely the face of a clock. You ask them, when they're not in ketosis, to try to tie their shoelaces, they can't think through the puzzle of tying the shoelaces. Ask them to do it again when they're in ketosis, all of a sudden they can tie their shoelaces. More than that, they can get themselves dressed. All of these are published case reports. It's just my long-winded way of saying the brain thrives when it has ketones as a fuel source. But, the benefits don't stop there. My lab published a report finding that when humans were in ketosis, which is just a term for ketones being elevated, we pulled out small pieces of belly fat and measured the metabolic rate of that belly fat. And we found that in ketosis, the metabolic rate of that belly fat was three times higher than when the people were not in ketosis. What does that mean? Yeah, so that means that the fat was suddenly behaving in a much more energetic way. That fat tissue has a very low metabolic rate. And then all of a sudden when the ketones came into them, they started getting much more active and they started burning more energy. Which is going to be very helpful for someone who wants to lose fat. If your fat cells now have a three times higher metabolic rate, that means that the fat cells are starting to act a little bit more like your muscle cells. And they're just burning more energy. So does that mean that I'm going to lose fat faster? What does that mean? absolutely. And that is what happens. There are very well-done controlled studies to show that if you control for all calories, when a human is in ketosis, the metabolic rate goes up. Your body Your whole body is just burning more. Um it it it's just everything's kind of been turned on a little more. The the the the furnace of the metabolism has just been it's you have a little more fuel kind of stoking the fire. So ketones will increase metabolic rate of fat tissue. We found a paper that we published documenting how we took muscle cells and kind of insulted the muscle cells to determine how tough the muscle cells were. When we incubated the muscle cells with ketones, they were much more resistant to injury. So the ketones act to protect muscle tissue. And in a way that is reflective of a function of ketones. Ketones are a defender of muscle. Ketones are basically the way to tell the brain, saying, "Brain, you think you need a lot of glucose. And if you don't get enough glucose, you would start stripping the protein from muscle to turn it into glucose. But I'm here as a ketone, so you can eat me instead and not and leave the muscle alone. So we published again a direct report finding that ketones actually make muscle more resistant to injury. And this could be why you're seeing more and more elite athletes using ketones as an actual ergogenic aid or like a supplement to help them better be better. So my university at BYU, just this year, our men's and women's cross country team took the national championships, the best college runners in the nation, pretty impressive. One of the things they do is they take these ketone drinks before they train and before they they race. Some more and more of the Tour de France teams take ketone supplements because it is just another fuel. It is something that the body can burn. The that we always say, well, if once you start running out of glucose, you're going to bonk or you're going to hit the wall. Well, what if you don't really use glucose because you're burning a lot of fat and a lot of ketones instead and that keeps your glucose kind of untouched. You're not You're not relying on the glu- And we see this in humans. If there's an a human that has adapted to a ketogenic diet, they burn fat at a higher rate than was ever thought humanly possible. That that fat is basically fueling all of their muscle movement during the exercise session rather than relying predominantly on glucose. The body has adapted. It's burning fat for fuel and when available, it's burning ketones for fuel and it's leaving the muscle as sort of a last resort when it really needs a big kick. I've seen these keto drinks. They're little They're almost like little shots. Well, there's a bunch of different types. If you look at the spectrum of ketones, you on one end you have the cheapest, most readily available, although less effective, called ketone salts, where it takes a molecule of ketone and binds it to a mineral like calcium or magnesium. Um not as effective and it's a lot of minerals, so people will find that they might get a lot of plaque on their teeth, maybe increased risk of kidney stones, so comes with some consequences. Then you have the ketone ester, which often comes in shots. Then you have the bioidentical BHB or the bioidentical ketone. One company, which is original ketone, um they make it. Now, these ones are more effective. You take a little bit of these and you will get an increase in ketones. They're a little more expensive, too. But as the space is becoming more competitive, the price is coming down. And what exactly does it do? So if I took a shot of bioidentical ketone drink, what would go on in my body and how would I how would that impact my cognitive performance or athletic performance? Yeah. Yeah. So it would result So you're drinking it in, you're immediately absorbing it from your gut. So if you were not in ketosis, let's say you had and I'm not encouraging people to do this. You would just have eaten two bagels and a cup of sugary coffee. You're no ketones, undetectable cuz insulin has come up, it's inhibited ketone production. And then you drink a shot of the ketone, within an hour we would detect your ketones. They would have gone up maybe to 1 millimolar, which is a pretty significant bump. And they're capable of that kind of movement. And maybe you do so because you're thinking I really need to be sharp right now. Would that make me sharper? Well, that's where we have to speculate. There's no I My lab published animal evidence suggesting that yes, indeed, it makes you sharper. That we had these animals navigate mazes and recognize objects. And when the animals were on a ketogenic diet, they were much sharper. They were much quickly, much better at solving problems and remembering solutions to previous problems. It's one of the I asked this in particular because as my team know cuz I've said it to them a lot over the last couple of weeks since I've been on the keto diet and I've been literally pricking my finger to check my keto levels and the highest I've gotten to is like 2.5. Which is high. Is it high? That's not problematic. that is just proof positive that you're in ketosis, which itself is proof positive that you're burning a lot of fat and three that your insulin levels are low. Fat dropped off my body like I've never seen in my life. Yeah, it's crazy. So the power there is like if you'll allow me to kind of springboard off of that comment the power of So So if someone is listening to this and they're thinking, "Okay, I need to shrink my fat cells." Unfortunately, they don't realize that there's two variables to what caused their fat cells to grow in the first place. They have no awareness of the value of insulin in this in this um um formula. All they do is pay attention to the calories. And so the average individual is looking down the road of this fat cell shrinking journey and they're thinking, "Okay, what I have to do is just cut my calories." And what do they do to cut their calories? They do the exact wrong thing. And before I even answer that, let me just present the scenario. Let's imagine that Steven and I everyone listening is invited. Steven and I are hosting a buffet. We have the world's best chefs. It is going to be a table filled with the most delicious food you can imagine. You're In our invitation, we say, "Come hungry cuz you're going to want to try a little bit of everything." Everyone listening, ask yourselves what would you do to come as hungry as possible. You'd probably do two things. Or think, "How did you go to your Thanksgiving or your your Christmas dinner as hungry as possible?" You would eat a little less in some period of time before the event and you would exercise a little more. And it would work. You would be very hungry. That's why the traditional advice given for weight loss doesn't work because we tell people, "Eat less, exercise more." Sure, you may be lose a little bit of weight in the short term, but all that does, you've given them the perfect recipe to promote hunger. And hunger always wins. As a good example uh in the US, we have a game show. Maybe there was some version of this in the UK called The Biggest Loser. It was essentially who can lose the most weight. And it was through a punishing regiment of caloric restriction. Eat less, exercise more. That is like the perfect embodiment of that approach. They were starving and they were exercising to insane degrees. And oh my goodness, did they lose a lot of weight? And yet you never see them again. They don't do a reunion tour 5 years or 10 years later because they gained it all back. Do Do you know they gain it all back? In fact, a paper published in the US from the National Institutes of Health documented not only the degree to which they gain weight back, but also how it almost literally breaks their metabolism. That normally a person's metabolic rate is connected to their body mass. A bigger body has a higher metabolic rate. A smaller body has a lower metabolic rate. This is just human physiology. And no surprise when someone loses weight, there's less of body and so metabolic rate goes down. As they gain weight back, metabolic rate will typically go back up as well. Except for the contestants in The Biggest Loser. They started with a high metabolic rate because of a high body fat level. They lost a substantial amount of weight. No surprise, metabolic rate went down substantially. But if this is such a dramatic change that as they started gaining weight back, metabolic rate did not come back with it. It stayed lower than it should have. Normally it's connected sort of one-to-one. Wherever body weight is going, metabolic rate is going. Except in these people. That method of dramatic weight loss through such severe restriction, which is based purely on the caloric theory of obesity, leads to such It leads to significant hunger. So no surprise, if a person's attempting to shrink their fat cells or lose weight, if the first step is I'm going to cut my calories and they don't address their high insulin, they're never going to lose weight in the long run. They're going to step right back to where they were. Because if they start cutting calories, but insulin is still high, that's going to make them very hungry because insulin wants to be storing energy. A A professor from Harvard named David Ludwig found this. If you have people eating a lower calorie meal that spikes their insulin, it makes them much hungrier than a lower calorie meal that doesn't spike insulin. So, that's the key. Anyone listening, if you're thinking I need to be on a fat cell shrinking journey, let the first step of that journey be I'm going to lower my insulin. Which means Which means I'm going to control my carbohydrates. I'm going to stop eating carbohydrates that come from bags and boxes with barcodes. And while I am restricting those carbohydrates, I'm going to focus more on protein and fat. So, control carbs, prioritize protein, and don't fear the fat that comes with those proteins. Fat and protein together is a a miraculous combination of helping you feel full, and it is literally giving everything you need. There are such things as essential proteins. There are such things as essential fats. So, focus on those. And that will be the key to helping insulin come down. Then, as you have found, you have and when you're hungry, eat. If you're not hungry, don't eat. But, what the person will find as they're lowering their insulin, all while their metabolic rate is going up. They're learning how to burn their own fat for fuel, because remember the metabolic hybrid, that metaphor, that if you want to lose fat, you need to burn fat. You're not going to lose fat if you're always burning glucose. It's fat that you need to burn. And as you start burning more fat, you realize that it's like the hump on a camel. That hump exists because it is a big source of fat for that animal to be using its own fat for energy. We have our own version of that. So, where the you think about the average individual who's chubby, they have hundreds of thousands of calories waiting to be burned in those fat cells. It's just that their chronically elevated insulin is never letting them burn it. And so, as the person starts making these changes in their diet to lower insulin, they now can finally start relying on their own fat for fuel. So, it's no surprise that their hunger starts to come down. Let that be the natural way in which you're controlling your calories. Don't control your calories because you're forcing yourself to be hungry and eat less. Control your calories because you simply aren't hungry. So, I have to I'll leave it at this with my own sort of anecdotal experience. So, I every year do a keto diet for usually for about 8 weeks. This time it's going to go on for a little bit longer. Um the reason in part why it's going to go on a little bit longer is I just learned more about what's going on in my body, and also because I podcast now and do a lot of speaking on stage and those kinds of things, I see tremendous variance in my ability for my brain to articulate what I want to say. way. It's like it's absurd. Yes. I I was saying this the other night to the the team that were with me here in Los Angeles, and I tried to say it to so many people. As someone that can spend 9 hours a day trying to think of the next question to ask or trying to remember the research or on stage in front of a thousand people trying to deliver a story or a point, I get to see variance which I've never been able to explain. Um where some days I'll go up on stage, I'll be in a podcast, and it's like my brain and my mouth aren't connected. And then on other days, specifically when I started doing ketosis or having a ketogenic diet, it just flows. Yeah. It just flows so well. And I was saying to my team, it feels like I'm looking at the world like this these days. Like I've got this intense I probably anyone that can't see me, I just stretched my eyes, but like I've got this intense focus on the world. Um the other thing I've noticed with my diet is I I get hungry, but not like I used to get And then very quickly after I start eating, I stop. I don't seem to be like doing like these I used to kind of binge a little bit. I used to have like a longer eating sessions. And my hunger goes very quickly. Um I also found that I didn't have these like fluctuating energy levels throughout the day. I didn't crash anymore. I used to get like slumps. Yeah, for sure. I don't slump anymore. And then the other thing which a lot of people will care mostly about is the the fat, so like belly fat. I have never seen anything that has stripped belly fat off me faster. And I'm talking in a matter of weeks that I could you know, count on one hand than doing the ketogenic diet. And if I I could literally show a picture of my scales cuz I have these digital scales on the screen and it's just trundling along and then there's this cliff edge where it goes directly down. And it and so much so actually that one of my concerns with the ketogenic diet is how the hell do I keep my muscle? Oh, that's a great question. Because my girlfriend, to her credit, when I did ketosis the first time, she was like, "I've never ever seen you look like this." When I took my top off. But also, it was quite clear that my my muscles had got smaller. I was as lean as but my muscles were small. So, with I with with caution this time I did ketosis again and I've been thinking, "How the do I keep my muscles?" Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so first of all, let me just add a hearty amen. I'm an advocate of a ketogenic diet, although it can be applied differently across different people. But I would say anyone would benefit from having some modest period of time of elevated ketones, at least in some portion of the day. Now, how do you maintain muscle mass in the midst of such obvious weight loss? I can only speculate. Now, there are peer-reviewed studies that I can cite which do support the idea that a human can be on a ketogenic diet and have a total maintenance of muscle and strength. That is published. So, we know it's possible, although that isn't that doesn't seem to be what happened with you. I would suspect that there were two things two things happening, possibly. Now, I'm speculating here and I'm pretending to be your coach or your expert here. One could have been that you had relatively lower energy during your workouts because of a slight degree of dehydration. And then the other one would be calories, which I'll come back to in a moment. I just wanted to put it out there. So, when insulin comes down, one of the other one of the many effects in the body is that another hormone comes down called aldosterone, which is one we've never invoked yet. But low insulin leads to lower aldosterone. When aldosterone comes down, the kidneys become much uh begin to eliminate salt and water much more rapidly. Now, that's not problematic, but it does mean that a person does have to focus more on hydration and salts. So, if someone's going on this strategy and they exercise fairly often, you need to be much more focused on your hydration, literally drinking more because you will be urinating more, which is partly why people's blood pressure gets so good so quickly. And just to pause on that point, there if if someone is on one or two blood pressure medications and they adopt a ketogenic diet, they usually have to stop their medications within 2 days cuz their blood pressure goes to normal so quickly that if they stay on the medication, they're going too low. So, one could be that you were actually working out a little less intensely because of the But then two, it's possible that you were eating too few calories to actually maintain muscle. Muscle is a hungry organ. It is metabolically expensive for the body to keep that muscle on. And as you start to get leaner and leaner, it gets harder and harder for the body to defend that muscle. In fact, that's the difference between fasting and starvation. The longest known evidence of a fast was a man in the UK who fasted for 384 days, literally not eating or drinking a single calorie. He was under medical supervision, getting vitamins and minerals and water, and he was went to live on went on to live a perfectly healthy life. Um so, but what was the difference? Why was that not starvation? Starvation is when you run out of fat. So, you might have gotten to the point of so lean that you didn't have enough fat to burn to make enough ketones to fuel the brain. If you don't have enough fat to burn to make enough ketones, and the brain is saying, "All right, well, I wanted to switch to ketones so that I could spare the glucose, but I can't. There's not enough ketones here, so I have to rely 100% on glucose." But, if you're not eating glucose, now the body has to start stripping the protein from muscle. And then it sends those amino acids to the liver, then the liver is so capable, it will turn those amino acids into glucose. So, it turns my muscle into glucose to feed the brain. So, my comment then, getting finally getting to my answer is in your version of a ketogenic diet, with your level of muscle mass, and your inherent metabolic rate based on your body size and your activity, you probably ought to eat more fat. I wasn't actually doing the blood test at that point. I'm doing it this time around, but I wasn't doing the blood test, so I can actually see my keto levels. So, maybe I wasn't even in ketosis cuz I was coming off and you might have been, but it could have been that you were simply not eating enough calories. That I have to So, this is an instance where That's what I'm trying to do this time. I'm trying to more fat. Like every time you're making a steak, put butter on there. And when you're drinking a cup of coffee, as crazy as it sounds, I I drink yerba mate every morning, I will put a big dab of butter In your coffee? dab of butter in my tea, and I'm sipping on it while the world's still asleep and the kids haven't woken up yet. And so, I know because I want to keep my muscle, as a guy who's almost 50, um I I find that when during my strict ketogenic phase, and I'm currently in it as well, every January I go to kind of a carnivore diet, to and I mostly do it to one lean down, but also to check any addictions and habits. I don't like feeling addicted to things. And and my wife will comment and even as an almost 50-year-old it's fun to see my six-pack coming. I don't want to lose my mass, my muscle mass because you have to work so hard to get it. And what I find is if I increase my fat, I always get plenty of protein. But if I increase my fat content, I have an easier time maintaining my bulk. Are there any downsides of following a ketogenic diet that we need to be aware of? The only downside I can articulate, so in fact, I didn't even finish because I distracted myself mentioning some of the benefits of ketones, but ketones are further anti-inflammatory. Like they directly reduce inflammation in the body by inhibiting inflammatory processes and they also improve antioxidant defenses, so it helps reduce oxidative stress. So ketones do have benefits that go beyond even what we've taken the time to articulate. If there's any negative to a ketogenic diet, it could be that you start you acutely or you temporarily become less metabolically flexible. Now that's me invoking a term we haven't brought up yet, but metabolic flexibility is is a term to refer to the body's ability to when it eats glucose, to burn glucose. When it's not eating glucose, it burns fat. So you're shifting between the two metabolic fuels that we outlined earlier. When someone has been adhering to a ketogenic diet for some time, it's almost as if their body is stuck in fat-burning mode. And that if you and I, being in such adapted ketogenic state as we are, if we were to go to lunch and eat two bagels and a sugary drink, it would take us a very long time to clear that glucose from our blood. Um much longer than otherwise. Like let's say we go out with the production team, they're eating a normal higher carb diet, all things equal, same body size, same activity, their glucose levels would come up and down in 90 minutes for perhaps. Yours and mine may take 180 minutes to come back down. So the person may say, well gosh Steven and Ben are no longer burning glucose very well. And that's true in that one moment our bodies had almost forgotten what it was like to burn a bunch of glucose because we had adapted to fat burning. So what about the gut microbiome? Oh yeah. Cuz cuz I told someone who is a nutritionist that I was doing a keto diet at the moment and they said oh your poor gut. Ah yes, well what a naive thing to say if I may gently reprimand your friend. There's no evidence to support that there's any harmful change in the microbiome. In fact, a paper was just published that looked at a man who went from a normal omnivorous human diet with abundant plant matter to a purely carnivorous diet. Literally zero carb. And they documented precisely no change in his microbiome. None whatsoever. But is he eating plants? No. Well he had been eating plants. So the case study was a person eating a normal diet of of plants and meat. A normal omnivore diet. And and then looked at the microbiome and then adapted to a purely carnivorous diet. Purely meat. And the microbiome didn't change at all. What's the time period? Months I think. The problem with the microbiome, the reason I don't take microbiome research too seriously as a scientist is that it is a big black box. You You came from the UK to London to to to LA to California. If we took a microbiome sample analysis of your time in the UK now it would be different now. Even though you're eating the same but you're drinking different water, you're breathing different air. Things I was just on a plane from Utah to California. Give me a day or so I would have some sort of shift in my microbiome. So the microbiome can change in response to all kinds of things. The idea that you somehow have decimated your microbiome because you aren't eating fiber is absolutely false. That is That is completely false. Now, there might be a change in some of the population of your microbiome, more of one, less of another, but there's no evidence to suggest that's problematic. Your microbiome is intact. Those bacteria do not die. They're just simply metabolizing other things. Maybe they're relying more on short-chain fatty acids. Maybe they're relying more on amino acids. They're not eating as They're not eating fiber, but there's still stuff in the meat or the eggs that the microbiome will eat. But if eating lots of plants does give me a more diverse gut microbiome, then if I stop eating plants, I'm going to have a less diverse gut microbiome. but Steven, but even then there's a bit of an assumption built into the question because it's Do we know that the microbiome will be less diverse? The case study I just mentioned found that in this one single man, it didn't change his microbiome at all. It was the exact same populations in all the same proportions. Because isn't the Aren't the plants like feeding the bacteria? Yeah, yeah, so the the fiber is. So, fiber will, but again, it's not That's not the only thing bacteria can eat. Bacteria can eat fats. Bacteria can eat amino acids. They can eat glutamine, for example. They They can even meat will have a little bit of glucose in it. Where the muscle has something called glycogen. And so, there's you know, trace amounts of glucose in even the meat that you're eating. So, I do not look at the argument that, you know, you're destroying your microbiome. That has no That has no scientific support. You may be changing your microbiome, but who's to say that's a bad change? Maybe it's a better change. You certainly are feeling better. You're thinking better. You're getting leaner. Your insulin sensitivity's improved. Cognition's improved. I would argue if there is a change in your microbiome, it's probably one that's for the best. And no one can prove that wrong. As much as I just stated that comment in a speculative fashion, it's speculative because there's no evidence. This is why I look at the microbiome and just say, "Yeah, it appears to matter, but in ways that we don't know." But the the You agree with the argument that if I sat here now and I ate a wide range of plants for the next, let's say, 6 months, when you analyzed my gut microbiome, it would be much more diverse. I'm not agreeing to that, really. I don't know if that's true. Um And again, I would cite that one case report I just mentioned now, which is the a man who did this, they reported that the microbiome was identical. That there was no significant change. But that's just one man, though. It was one man. It was a case report. Which is not a randomized clinical study. So, um but even still, I I with my speculation uh um heavy-handed here, I would say probably more plants would result in a more diverse microbiome. But I would say But then the next step is a harder one, which is is that good or bad? I don't know. Maybe all you're doing is promoting the growth of bacteria that make more gas. Because they're fermenting the fiber and you just have more flatulence as a result of it. People dieticians will say, "Well, a diverse microbiome is a good microbiome." Well, prove it. How do we know that? Like, how can you prove that to me as a basic scientist? I want to see the hard evidence. Because what I can prove is that we can take humans who are overweight and diabetic and hypertensive eating a standard American or global diet and put them under a ketogenic diet, which is going to be much simpler diet, and yet every clinical marker gets better. And so, if someone were to say, "Yeah, but sure, you reversed your diabetes and your hypertension, but your poor microbiome." I would say, "Well, I don't care about my microbiome. I care about the human." And so, if there's less diversity, but every single clinical marker has gotten better, perhaps more diversity is not what we want in our bacteria. I'm And I'm speculating, but so are the is the person who states that. Yes, I'm I'm not aware of um research that links the two. Um But I mean, I could always have a look, but um I would I I I was always under the assumption that a more diverse microbiome is a healthier person. I don't know. Yeah, but but do you do you feel healthier now? feel healthier. I certainly feel And And it's only been a short amount of time, so I don't know what what my health might look like if I'd done this for like 2 years. Right, cuz then that could be a really sort of deeper change to um my whole composition. for more than 2 years, and they're they're great. Because some of the some of the changes that occur in our health take time. Now, you you show this a lot in your work with insulin resistance, that if you're insulin resistance for 10 years, your brain, I think I read in your work, is like It ages. It ages by an an additional 2 years, is that correct? accelerates the aging. I wonder the same thing with like my gut microbiome. If I'm if my gut microbiome is not diverse, so I have a very sort of narrow diet or, you know, I'm not getting I'm not eating my plants, could it take me a couple of years to really understand the the net negative impact that has on my overall health? It It's entirely possible. Yeah, yeah, I would just I would just ask that we be careful with the assumptions that if there is an an increase in diversity with more plant matter, that's an if. Um is that change beneficial? Are the bacteria that we're now promoting the growth of, are they better for us, or are they just bacteria that exist in order to handle more fiber? And again, the outcome being that it perhaps is just making more gas. Um you know, the more plants you eat, the more gas you have to produce by fermenting more fiber. What if those bacteria are only existing to just eat the fiber and not actually improve the human host at all? Psychotosis. Possible to live in a It's I think one of the important points on ketosis is when I do my blood keto test, I fluctuate wildly. After I've gone for a run, my ketone levels are super high. Sometimes later at night, I'm just on the verge of ketosis sometimes. Um and I think that's interesting because we don't have to live in this necessarily deep state of ketosis the whole time. We can fluctuate uh a little bit in Maybe even sometimes drop thought on it is that a person would benefit from some state of ketosis on on a frequent basis. If for no other reason than to really give the brain a heavy dose of just straight Um not that everyone needs to be as strict as perhaps you and I are being at the moment. Um but I would say the more a person has a disorder or a disease that benefits from ketosis, the more than they ought to focus on it. Like if someone has type 2 diabetes, if they adopt a ketogenic diet, they will be off all of their diabetes medications in months. All of them. Um if someone has epilepsy, if they're or migraine headaches, if some of the if from 19 uh 13, I think, was the first published report on this. If there's someone who suffers from migraines, as long as they're in ketosis, they may never have another migraine again. I mean, it is completely curative or preventative for the disorder. Same with epilepsy. There many forms of epilepsy. So, depending on the person, they would benefit from being ketosis forever. For everyone else who's just sort of a normal individual who wants to be lean and keep their brain healthy and happy, etc., I would say it's generally prudent to just control your carbs, be mindful of the type of carbohydrate you're eating, and as I said earlier, just try to focus on the carbs that don't come from bags and boxes with barcodes. I'm actually quite liberal in my view when it comes to whole fruits and vegetables. I would say eat them, enjoy them liberally, but then also make sure you're getting some good protein and fat because there's no such thing as an essential carbohydrate. That sounds controversial, but humans do not need, we have no requirement for carbohydrate. We do have requirement for fat and protein. What about artificial sweeteners? It's one of the things that I I'm tempted by when I'm on a ketosis diet is like the soda zeros of the world or the diet sodas of the world. What impact does that have on my insulin levels, etc.? Yeah, yeah, great question. There is such a breadth of of diversity when it comes to sweeteners, from artificial to natural to another rare sugar more and more, you know, there's all these random I'm not random, but a very broad spectrum of molecules that we have developed or found that taste like sugar but don't have the effect of sugar. So, on on the good end are things like that have been shown to have no insulin effect. And so, you know, I appreciate everyone listening letting me kind of stay with that as my framework because people are going to go on and criticize all kinds of other things about other sweeteners, and that's just too broad. That's a topic for a a whole book. With regards to just insulin, on the good end where they have no effect, it would be one as common as aspartame. So, like diet drinks, not the zero drinks, but the diet drinks will have aspartame as the sweetener. Is there a difference? There is a difference, and I'll get to that other one in a moment. So, I should be having diet instead of zero? Well, I personally go to diet rather than zero, um but that's because aspartame is the sole sweetener in the zero in the diet rather and it has no effect on insulin. So too erythritol sorry erythritol is a little right around aspartame is generally a good one but monk fruit extract stevia and especially allulose those are inert when it comes to insulin. You know allulose stevia monk fruit extract aspartame no effect erythritol no effect but erythritol that ending OL is reflective of a class of sweetener called a sugar alcohol and that does not mean it's alcoholic that just refers to the actual chemical structure that puts it in the alcohol family. Once you get into the sugar alcohols you start to get a little problematic. Where erythritol is a good one and xylitol is generally a good one but then you get to things like maltitol and mannitol and they do have an insulin And what what's what kind of foods have they some? Yeah so often like you can get mannitol in like artificially sweetened chocolate sometimes for reasons that I don't know. I don't know why the food formula that puts them in some things and not other things. The the problem I chuckle because it becomes so apparent with some of those artificial sweeteners like the sugar alcohols is that as you eat them you taste it sweet in your mouth and it doesn't have any caloric value in the body because it stays in the And this is something that is largely unique to the sugar alcohols where as it stays in the intestines it starts pulling in water from the body which starts to create a fairly inconvenient degree of flatulence and diarrhea. And so a person will know if they've eaten too many of those types of sweeteners because their intestines will tell them so. So but also on that spectrum kind of in the middle is the one that's in the zero drinks which is one called sucralose. And while sucralose is generally not a problem with insulin It is a sweetener that has been shown to cross the blood-brain barrier. And so the reason I avoid the zero drinks and refer or go to the diet drinks is that aspartame does no such thing. Aspartame just gets divided into amino acids. We just digest it and absorb amino acids. Sucralose will go can cross the blood-brain barrier and I don't know what it's doing there, but I don't want it there. And so I avoid the zero drinks because I don't want that sweetener. But but personally, um when I'm adhering to this diet, a diet soda is my actual indulgence where I want something sweet um and yet I don't want the metabolic effect of it. One thing you mentioned earlier which I've been thinking a lot about is salt. And I think a lot about salt because I went to the doctor many years ago and I think I was using this like Maggie seasoning that I put on my food. And the doctor said to me that my salt levels were too high. And I And then I've heard since then from other people that we're actually probably not getting enough salt in our diet. Yeah. So I'm interested to hear that your physician would have said your salt is too high. That is very rare that that gets measured. Not salt sodium I think he said. Yep, yep. He could have measured sodium and that could have been higher. They absolutely could have. It's just not common. So salt has has earned a terrible reputation because of a series of studies that implicated salt consumption as a cause of high blood pressure. And and really briefly, as a as a momentary physiology that is a real effect. If you and I were to go eat salt, our body for the next several hours afterwards would retain its water in order to balance out the salt so that we didn't get too salty. So we would retain water in order to keep our salt at a normal level. And so that could be reflected by an elevated blood pressure. Um however, multiple huge studies have found that if you go to a population of humans that have high blood pressure and you tell them you need to cut your salt in order to correct your blood pressure, they may at most move their blood pressure by one or two points. It has an absolutely negligible, irrelevant Um and it's because salt is not a key contributor to blood pressure. It's actually insulin resistance. Insulin resistance will force the body to hold on to salt. Insulin resistance will force the blood vessels to be very constricted. All of which play together to make for a very high blood pressure. So, as much as we have been telling the world that we should be cutting back salt, no, we should have been telling them to cut back on what spikes your insulin, refined starches and sugars. But with regards to salt, it's interesting for me to note where did that whole view come from? Within the United States decades ago, there was a study that was published and they called it the DASH diet. Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, D A S H, the DASH diet. And in the DASH diet, one of the critical changes was to tell people to eat less salt. And when they found that when people adopt a DASH diet, it's amazing, their blood pressure goes down. However, unfortunately, they also tell people to do lots of other things with the DASH diet. Like when they tell someone to go on the DASH diet, they also tell them to eat less sugar and less refined starches and sugars. Well, it's possible, indeed, I would say it's absolutely the case, that what's actually lowering their blood pressure isn't that they cut their salt back, it's that they were cutting their refined starches and sugars back. And it's that that had the main effect. And the cutting the salt was just some innocent bystander. But to put a fine point on it, in human studies, if you have humans cut back their salt considerably, they become insulin So, you take a healthy group of humans, say you need to eat less salt, and they do so. If you measure them a week later, while they're adhering to this, they will be significantly more insulin resistant than before they ever cut back their salt. It's one of the ironies of the whole scenario where a physician may be telling a patient with high blood pressure, you need to cut back your salt. And they end up eating less salt, and yet their their blood pressure their blood pressure gets worse. It's because the main contributor to high blood pressure is insulin resistance. And by telling them to cut back on their salt, you made them more insulin resistant. And that whole mechanism is because one of insulin's many, many effects is to want the body to hold on to salt and water. And so, if you start cutting your salt, all of a sudden insulin says, well, there's little salt coming in. I need to do what I can to retain whatever salt we do have. And so, it starts retaining salt and water more in order to try to offset the lack of salt coming in. And while insulin's going higher and higher, the body's becoming more and more insulin So, salt restriction can cause insulin resistance in humans. You talk about four pillars to eating in your book Why We Get Sick. You outline these four essential pillars to develop a strategy for maintaining low insulin levels and combating insulin resistance. What are the four pillars? Yes, so when it comes to controlling insulin resistance, the key is to manage macronutrients. And the best way to manage macronutrients is going to be a strategy that helps lower insulin. Lowering insulin is the key to both slow insulin resistance and fast insulin resistance. So, the more the strategy lowers insulin, the more effective it's going to be. And there are poor There are four pillars. So, the first one, control carbohydrates. Second, prioritize protein. Third, don't fear fat. And then fourth, after the first three have been taken care of, four, frequently fast. So, with the first one, very briefly, by control carbohydrates, I mean that it is time to focus more on whole fruits and vegetables. Eat them, don't drink them. And then don't get your carbohydrates from bags and boxes with barcodes. That the more you're opening up a package and getting your chips or your crackers or your cereal or your bread, the more you're going to be spiking your glucose and your insulin. Keep that on the shelves at the grocery store. Focus on whole fruits and vegetables. That's going to be the key for number one, control carbs. Now, while you're eating fewer carbohydrates, you need to eat something. And so, prioritize protein. I would say particularly animal source protein, which is the best source of all of the amino acids that humans need. And then with those proteins will come fat. Don't fear that fat. That's number three. Fat is very satiating when combined with protein. When fat and protein come together, we digest it Sometimes people will find that if they just have a scoop of whey protein, it can be very upsetting on their stomach. It's because we're not supposed to eat protein alone. In nature, that never happens. In nature, protein always comes with fat. That's how we should eat it. We digest it better. And human studies have shown that when a human eats pure protein, there is some degree of muscle growth, albeit microscopically minuscule. But when we eat protein with fat, we have significantly greater muscle growth than we do with the protein alone. So, that is the three pillars that encompass the macronutrients or the big parts of our diet. But once a person has done that, then they are well positioned to adopt a strategy, a structured strategy of fasting. And that can be There are as many ways to fast as there are people who want to do it. There's no right way or wrong way. My goal by invoking that fourth principle, and and I do think it should come last once you've learned how to eat better food. Your your your body has adapted to burning its own fat for fuel. But it can take it can take intermittent fasting where it's one meal of the day. You're fasting through it can do where people do alternate day fasting. There are countless different ways to do it. Even if I'm in ketosis? Then you don't need to do it as much cuz you're already lowering your insulin. So if a person's already in ketosis in fact, if a person were in ketosis and frequently fasting depending on how lean they are, it's going to become extremely difficult to retain muscle. So those are the four pillars. It will be an extraordinarily effective way to address insulin resistance. But the problem as I started when I that I mentioned is that while these concepts are simple, that does not mean they're easy. Because humans show addiction addictive tendencies to only one macronutrient. Not fats, not proteins. All of the evidence of the neurobiology of addiction in humans points to carbohydrates. It And so as much as I lay out this simple plan, it can be difficult. And this is why this self-discipline required is difficult enough that it's why people find that they have to result in you know relying on drugs for these kinds of things. Physical activity? Exercise? Useful for keeping my insulin levels in check? Yeah. Yeah, I'm really glad you brought up exercise. I'm an enormous advocate of exercise. The best exercise to improve insulin sensitivity is the one you'll do. And so if someone listening to this is an 80-year-old grandma if she if her form of exercise is walking around the street down around the block with her girlfriends. But then if someone else has the ability to go cross-country skiing or CrossFit, do it. So the best exercise is the one you'll do. Now having said that the better exercise is the one that you'll do that keeps muscle. Um muscle-building work is going to be minute for minute a more effective way of improving insulin sensitivity than than any kind of aerobic activity. And that's because muscle is the great consumer of glucose. Um and back to the In fact, not only does muscle eat the most glucose from the blood, but it's also how it eats the glucose when it's exercising. So, earlier we talked about how insulin kind of comes and knocks on the door of the muscle cell. And then the muscle cell will open the door and allow the glucose to come in, thereby lowering blood glucose. Unless the muscle is exercising. When a muscle is exercising, and I'm kind of mimicking the contraction and relaxion relaxation of a muscle, when the muscle is exercising, it has its own way of opening those doors. So, there's an insulin-independent method where the muscle cell essentially tells insulin, "Insulin, I know normally I have to wait for you to come and open these doors, but I'm so hungry during this exercise that I'm not going to wait." And so, the doors just open. So, the contracting muscle has its own way to rush to pull the glucose in, which means, of course, that a person's going to have an easier time controlling their blood glucose, which in turn would mean a better time controlling insulin. But, the more muscle a person has, the easier it is. And this could be one of the reasons why, if you look at longevity and look at the markers of muscle strength versus the markers of cardiovascular aerobic fitness, the aerobic fitness markers are terrible predictors of longevity. It's muscle and strength that predicts longevity for multiple reasons, including just the very active living and moving, but also because if you have more muscle, you're going to control your glucose better, which means you're going to control your insulin better. Then you're back to these variables that people use to predict or what are the most accurate indicators of longevity? It's who has the best glucose control. More muscle helps that happen. There's a big debate around whether we should be calorie restricting and low-fat diet, whether we should be calorie restricting in a moderate fat diet, or calorie restricting in a low-carb diet. What's What's your take on that? Yeah, I am unabashedly in favor of carbohydrate restriction. Um I I would say for two reasons. Um that one reason I think that carbohydrates should be the macronutrient that is most scrutinized is because it's the one we eat the most of. 70% of all calories consumed globally come from carbohydrates. That is the one that has the biggest insulin effect. For And that's a problem for all the reasons we've discussed. But two, carbohydrates are not essential. Um this is controversial. People don't like to acknowledge it, but there is literally no biological need that humans have for carbohydrate. Um the In the United States, a report decades ago from the Department of Agriculture looking at the needs of human nutrition, there's a quote there, and I'm not going to get it exactly right, but I'll get it pretty close. It stated in this document that the lower limit of carbohydrate consumption in humans is zero. In other words, there is no such thing as an essential carbohydrate. Now, I'm not saying, "Well, then let's not eat any of them." No. But I am saying, "Why is that the one we focus the most on as 70% of all calories globally are coming from that one?" You're telling me that we Most of what we eat comes from what we don't need. Why not put the focus on the things we do need? There are such things as essential fatty acids. Let's eat fat. There are such things as essential amino acids. So, let's eat protein and make sure we get what we need. And then, on any remainder of the plate, we can get some other things that we want to nibble on, like plants. Why don't we just cycle this off and just take a Zempic then? Ah, yeah, great question. So, the the I have a I have kept my finger on the pulse of the whole field of gut-derived hormones, which is what we talk about with these weight-loss drugs, almost since their beginning. My dissertation work was in a lab, one of the first funded labs to look at these drugs, although in the context of diabetes, and then it's blossomed into the context in the use of obesity. This This is the class of drug, GLP-1 receptor agonist. First of all, what is GLP-1? GLP-1 is a hormone that we all make from our guts. Our small intestine will make GLP-1. We're making it all the time to varying degrees. Some things we eat will result in a higher GLP-1, sometimes it'll be a lower GLP-1. Like, for example, a paper just published a few months ago found that if you have people eat the exact same meal of calories, but lower carb or higher carb, the lower carb version of the meal will increase GLP-1 three times higher in the blood than the high carb version of the meal. Which means that they'll feel Yeah, so then the What So, what's the point? Who cares about GLP-1? One of GLP-1's main effects is to tell the brain that we're full. Okay, so more GLP-1 means More satiety. Yeah, yeah, more GLP-1, less hunger, which is very impactful. In fact, I would be remiss if I didn't mention a study that was published in humans a while ago. They took obese humans and lean humans and had them eat fat and found that like pure fat, and they found that the GLP-1 response was the same. Whether you were lean or obese, you had the same amount of GLP-1. That would suggest that whether you're lean or obese, both of your brains in both of these populations will have the fat and have the same sense of I'm full. It would cuz it was matched with GLP-1. However, when they had these same groups eat pure carbohydrate, the lean group had a robust GLP-1 response. Big GLP-1. In other words, they would eat the carbohydrate and say, "I'm full." Cuz GLP-1 would tell them so. However, in the obese group, they ate that exact same amount of carbohydrate and they had an almost negligible GLP-1 effect. They were still hungry. In other words, they would eat the same amount of carbohydrate as their lean counterpart and then just say, "Okay, what's next? I'm still hungry." And so, it is prudent to focus on GLP-1. GLP-1 is a powerful hormone that does have an effect on human health. What I feel inclined to comment on is the negative side effects because the only thing we hear about is social media influencers extolling the benefits. And hey, I'm on this weight loss drug and I've lost 50 lb. Someone has to be the voice that says, "Yeah, but what about this?" And there are some significant but what abouts when it comes to these um weight loss drugs. One of them is the loss of muscle mass or lean mass. You've mentioned a couple papers from the New England Journal of Medicine. A paper a couple years ago from what was called the Step 5 trials looking at these drugs. They found that for every 6 lb of fat a person was losing on these drugs, they were losing 4 lb of fat-free mass or lean mass. So, 40% of the weight they were losing uh on these drugs is coming from lean mass, like including muscle and bone. So, there are now case reports of young healthy women who are overweight who go on the drug for some period of time and after they get diagnosed with osteoporosis where they have eroded their bone health. They're losing lean mass. So again, They've eroded that bone health. Yeah, so 40% of the weight that people are losing on these drugs appears to at these high doses is coming from lean mass. So, fat-free mass including muscle and bone. The reason I find that so troubling is that in the UK at 2 years on the drug 69% of people get off the drug. They don't want to be on it anymore. And now imagine this individual. Imagine if you will a 60-year-old woman who's been on the drug. I take that age and that sex on on purpose because it's so hard for her to to grow new muscle and bone. Let's say she's been on this drug for a year and she's lost 20 kilos. Well, 40% of that will have come from her lean mass and 60% of it came from her fat. And then when she gets off the drug now all of a sudden her lean mass, her muscle and bone, that's never coming back. The muscle and bone that she has lost is gone forever probably at that age because we can't at after the age of 60, good luck developing new muscle and bone. But what can come back rapidly is the fat mass. And so at 2 years she decides to get off the drug, which again about 70% of people do, they're going to gain that fat back. But they're not going to gain their muscle and bone back. That is a significant loss that may be depending on their age gone forever. I was scrolling on Twitter the other day and I saw a video go viral, which is now being reported in a bunch of news publications. It was yesterday that I saw um this video go viral. And I'm going to play this video to you. It's from a singer called Avery. And she talks about her experience with Ozempic. I just left the doctor's office. I went to get a checkup because I've been off of the Ozempic for 2 months now and I just wanted to see my body was in better condition, if there were any permanent damages. Kind of in shock right now because I wasn't expecting this. But um I guess Ozempic can cause bone density loss. And I didn't think that that would happen to me because I was only on it for a year. Um but I have significant bone loss. I have osteoporosis and um osteopenia. So, there are There's like several of them that I have. I wasn't expecting that. But, that's what happens if you um if you use Ozempic uh for weight loss and you lose too much weight. Yeah, I wonder. She's so lean. I wouldn't be surprised if she had it even worse than normal because we see it has become I don't mean to suggest this is the case for her. But, you do see people using these weight loss drugs who are already very lean. I mean, I've got a picture of her here. And she does look incredibly lean already. But, see this is what people are doing. They're basically using it to facilitate an eating disorder in the people who are lean. Um this has become so common that there are complaints saying that you know, lean healthy people are getting the prescription and people who are obese and diabetic aren't because of shortages. The more the the leaner I've seen this. I know someone personally who is already a perfectly lean healthy woman and then she now looks sickly. Um and what caused it? Well, she wasn't lean enough. And when you take enough of that drug that you just have no more hunger because of how it's acting at your brain, you do just stop eating. And the malnutrition at least in part is going to cause a loss of lean mass. Um but that also play it it it is even further exacerbated by the mental health problems. Where There was a paper recently published with the use of these drugs finding that people when they begin the drug, their risk of suicidal thoughts doubles. It It up by over 100%. and their risk of major depression triples. And this so as much as we talk about these drugs and we say the drug helps you control your cravings. What it's hap- what it's doing is perhaps reducing your craving for everything. That while you are eating less food, which is resulting in the weight loss, you also are not interested as much in exercise as you used to be, which is going to make it even easier for you to lose your muscle and bone. You're also less interested in hobbies like going to play pickleball with your friends or going out and drinking with the boys. Um so there is this kind of what's reflected across all of their interests is that their cravings for everything starts to decline. In the case of that girl who mentioned that Avery, I've just seen she's uploaded a post that says, "Thanks, my record label told me I was fat. They dropped me. I got addicted to Ozempic." I got addicted to Ozempic and now as a result I have osteoporosis and my bones are as as fragile as wafer cookies. Yeah, it's heartbreaking. Um so now that Obviously, you know, these are claims that she's alleging. Now we don't know the full picture of her health and there might be something more. But we do know based on that one report that 40% of weight loss is coming from fat-free mass and so it isn't people's best interest to be mindful of that tendency and that if they're going to explore the use of the drug to do so responsibly. And and I want to mention that um kind of caveat or angle to everything because I don't want someone listening to me thinking "All right, Ben says I should never touch this and it is uniformly evil and bad." I'm not saying that. I find that I have to speak a little more boldly about the negative consequences because nobody talks about them. What would she have done if she knew about them, for example? No one knows about these kinds of negatives because people want to sweep them under the rug. Now, I believe there is a use case for these drugs, although different from how it's being used currently, in my mind, the best use of these drugs is to help someone learn how to control their carbohydrate addiction because it will help you control your addiction. Sweet cravings goes down significantly within 6 months of the person taking the drug. So, I think in addition to getting proper education, and if I may be so bold, I would say it's those pillars I mentioned earlier. Control carbohydrates, prioritize protein, and don't fear fat. All the more reason prioritize protein and fat to help preserve your muscle and bone. Muscle and bone are not made of carbohydrate. They're made of mus- of protein and fat. Eat protein and fat. Lift weights to keep any of that lean mass you can. Keep the integrity of your bones intact. But, take advantage of the drug helping reduce your cravings for sweet things especially. I would say find the lowest effective dose you can where you are able with a little bit of self- discipline where you're not assigning all of the self-discipline to the syringe that you're going to inject into your tummy. There is value in learning to deny yourself something you know you shouldn't be doing. There's life lessons to learn there. And so, enough of the drug that makes it a little easier for you to overcome your carbohydrate addiction. At the same time, you're learning how to eat well. You're learning how to eat properly by managing your macronutrients and lifting weights. And then over time, ideally I would say, you find that you are able to reduce the dose of the drug and then eventually get off of it entirely. It's worth saying that I I did also search to see if there was a link between Ozempic and bone density, and there was no clear link in the studies that have been done. I I don't know whether there's been a lot of studies done. It says in the studies and reviews semaglutide generally shows no harmful effect on bone mineral density, although rapid weight loss itself can sometimes affect bone health. Yeah, so I actually think it's an artifact. That's a term that we would use as a scientist to say that it's it's an it's an effect that's happening without being a main effect. So, I don't believe the GLP-1 drug is attacking the bone. I think it's because the person has just stopped eating and stopped moving. Remember what I said earlier, people find that they're just less interested in doing stuff like going to the gym, for example. Um and so that is probably combining where a little bit of malnutrition combined with a little less physical activity means you're accelerating some lean mass loss. One of the things that this podcast has taught me is that liposuction is dangerous. Do you agree with that statement? I do. From a metabolic perspective, I absolutely do. Um liposuction is not dangerous to fit into the clothes you want to wear, but it's deeply problematic for metabolic health. And that's because, as a reminder, it's not the mass of fat we have that matters most when it comes to metabolic health. It's the size of our fat cells. So, let's imagine an individual who has more fat than they want in some particular part of the body. The best way to help reduce that fat is to shrink your fat cells. So, that's very important for people to realize. When you lose weight, you're not killing fat cells. You're not You're not getting rid of them. You're shrinking them. And small fat cells are very healthy fat cells. They are literally anti-inflammatory. They're releasing hormones that fight inflammation in the body, and they're very insulin-sensitive, which helps the body, by extension, be very insulin-sensitive. So, very healthy. Small fat cells are healthy fat cells. The problem with liposuction is that you are going in, and rather than shrinking the fat cells, you are sucking them out. Now, let's say, like a study that was done in the US in women, they found that when women had liposuction from their buttocks and hips area, um which is where most women gain their weight, which is because of sex hormones telling her body to store that weight there, they may look at that fat on their buttocks and hips and say, "There's more than I want. I'm going to suck it out." So, they do. But, they don't change their habits. So, they're still eating the same way they were before. Essentially, now they have fewer fat cells, but the body wants to store that same amount of fat based on how they're eating. In other words, there's enough insulin telling the body to store a certain amount of fat and there's enough calories to fuel that fat storage. But, the the fat would be saying, "Hey, we don't have all these fat cells in the buttocks and hips like we used to. Let's go somewhere else." And so, it's no surprise that over the ensuing years after she's had liposuction, not only does she not experience any improvement in any health marker. Nothing gets better with regards to her health. And that is again reflective of the fact that it's the size of the fat cell that matters. Maybe she has lost 10 kilos of fat. That might be a little much for liposuction. 6 kilos. And you would say, "Well, you have 6 kilos of less fat. Clearly, you're healthier." And yet, they're not at all. Nothing has gotten better. And then, if you follow them over the years, they cannot gain that fat back on their buttocks and hips because it was literally sucked out and adults have a hard time making new fat cells. So, it's no surprise that they start storing more fat in an area that wasn't sucked out, namely their belly. And so, a woman who's gone through liposuction, yes, she will have lost fat by liposuction at her buttocks and hips. But, if she doesn't change her lifestyle habits, the body will take those 6 kilos and say, "Well, I need to store those now somewhere else because you're eating in a way that makes me want to store that much fat." And so, her remaining fat cells that are intact get bigger and store a bigger burden. And so, over time, it's no surprise that health outcomes can start to get worse. By having fewer fat cells, she's increasing the burden that the remaining fat cells have to carry. Not only does that result in a a change in where she's storing fat, namely storing more on her abdomen, but all the fat cells will get bigger. And thus, metabolic health can get worse. We have a closing tradition on this podcast where the last guest leaves the last question for the next guest, not knowing who they're leaving it for. And the question that's been left for you, Ben, is who in your life gave you a chance or believed in you when no one else did? What a fun question. Um thank you. probably my wife. Uh frankly, I just adore her. I think about So, when we were newlyweds, uh we got married quite young, if you'll allow me to be a little personal for a moment. We both really wanted a family. We knew that we wanted to be m- uh mom and dad. And she really wanted to be uh a at-home mom, just full-time mom. Which I loved. I benefited. My mother, um who died when I was quite young, she was a full-time mom. And most of my memories come from her being home. When I would come home from lunch or I had a tummy ache and she would come pick me up. And I I mean, I think I thank God for my for my mother, of course, but also for the time I had with her because I had so little. Um and we both really wanted Cheryl to be able to be full-time mom. Mom is just that special. That meant, as a young newly married husband, I was anticipating a future where I would be the sole provider for the family. And it was very daunting, uh very um scary for me as a 23-year-old. That's how old I was when we got married. And I worried, how am I going to provide for my family? And And would look at the trust that my beautiful wife had in me and I felt inadequate. And I I have moments where I remember young Ben in his early 20s as a newlywed and how scared I was and how my wife's ongoing devotion put us in a position where I both make a wonderful amount of money to provide for the family and help secure our future and then at the same time still have a schedule that lets me be really home, to go home early and help one of our daughters with her homeschooling, which I do, to always not go into work until I've made breakfast for the kids and we've had some family time. So, um much of all of it is just this the support of my wife because at any moment if she would have said, "No, I'm done. You got to go get a job right now." I would have. I I love her and respect her enough and even rely on her insight that I would have done it. But she just really believed that, "Okay, Ben, you're not dumb. I didn't marry you for your looks. I think you've got something. I'm going to trust you." And that trust was it was both humbling and scary but also very empowering. And it's given us a beautiful life. Ben, thank you. It's been truly eye-opening and you've answered so many of the questions that I've had for so so long, especially as it relates to ketosis and the broader link between insulin, infertility, pregnancy, PCOS, all of these kinds of things which are topics of conversation amongst my friends and people that I love. Ben, thank you. My pleasure. Thank you. Isn't this cool? Every single conversation I have here on the Diary of a CEO, at the very end of it you'll know I ask the guest to leave a question in the Diary of a CEO. And what we've done is we turned every single question written in the Diary of a CEO into these conversation cards that you can play at home. So, you've got every guest we've ever had, their question, and on the back of it, if you scan that QR code, you get to watch the person who answered that question. We're finally revealing all of the questions and the people that answered the question. The brand new version two updated conversation cards are out right now at the conversationcards.com. They've sold out twice instantaneously, so if you are interested in getting hold of some limited edition conversation cards, I really, really recommend acting

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [5200 likes]: Quick question, do you like these types of convos? If so, please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to let us know (also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe & join our community) I appreciate you - SB! X
  2. @indianne9781 [1 likes]: Something weird that I have noticed is that I can eat a lot more if there are carbs involved than just fat and protein. I first noticed this when at hubby’s favorite breakfast place. They had a lovely breakfast burrito on the menu. I would get that without the tortilla and I could eat about half of it before feeling stuffed. Wrap it in a tortilla, and I can easily snarf the whole thing. Weird. I can’t explain it.
  3. @Poj4891: "I really appreciate the Thai version of this podcast. The content was very informative."
  4. @Powerfull458: It was The Best of the Best podcast I’ve listened to EVER, Tank you so much❤️❤️
  5. @madamezenkush: Oh so you dont care to talk about black peoples health? Okay im sorry i wasted 30 mins to hear about how whites and asians are impacted. Idk why you would cater to someone like me. My mistake.
  6. @honeytoone8610: Brain health has declined because they told us we had to eat low fat and the fact that we would eat was fat that wasn’t even good for our brains.   We need to eat the fact that God gave us that’s natural from Meat Dairy avocados olives, nuts., etc….  Why should we use oil that comes from a hard seed that they have to use heat and a lot of Processing to get something out of.  It’s.   not good for us.
  7. @pamboger3729: ...
  8. @runthomas: dr esslestein says no salt...and a lot of his patients are healed from serious disease when they totally cut salt
  9. @anntreacy9053: I see that Dr. Benjamin Bikman's skin is showing signs of aging that seem beyond "almost 50."  His 11 lines can indicate a weak liver and possibly poor fat assimilation.  I believe cooked vegetables are important for micronutrients, and the plate should have plenty of them alongside healthy meats.  Other signs show a silica deficiency. These statements are just my observation and opinion.
  10. @mioaraiordache4313: FACETI CEVA LA ACESTE EMISIUNI VIDEO DEOARECE   NU  AU TRADUCERE
  11. @OneBeulah: Look at the work of Prof Tim Noakes from South Africa. Please get him on your program.
  12. @richardmabe4186: I haven't eaten plants for six months. I feel very well and haven't farted in all that time. I'm not not convinced a more diverse gut microbiome is beneficial.
  13. @hilda7708: Thank you for the informative podcast... learned so much❤❤❤❤
  14. @jenniferwallace5461: Can I get a transcript of this episode
  15. @mavsroadrunner2298: Despite ALL the videos, your Kidneys still can reduce function and stop working, and many other things...  THE BATTLE IS THE LORD'S 💜💜
  16. @ibrahimGulen-tz7lm: Teşekkürler ❤❤❤❤❤
  17. @finnbodenmann5928: Alles fakes , glaubt nichts Leute .
  18. @TruongNguyễn-j1v7g: RẤT ĐÚNG ĐÓ Ạ! 
KHOA HỌC ĐÃ CHỨNG MINH "ĐƯỜNG HỦY TẾ BÀO HỒNG CẦU TRONG MÁU", BÁC SĨ CỦA TÔI KHUYÊN NÊN HẠN CHẾ ĐƯỜNG TỐI ĐA VÌ ĐƯỜNG GÂY VIÊM NHIỄM NẶNG TRONG CƠ THỂ...😮
NAM MÔ PHÁP GIỚI TẠNG THÂN A DI ĐÀ PHẬT...A DI ĐÀ PHẬT...❤❤
  19. @famheirelevation3320: I don’t know to many women getting lipo in the cheeks. They getting it in the stomach and putting it in the cheeks now lol
  20. @famheirelevation3320: The reason his muscle got smaller is because the glycogen stores were gone and along with that fluid leaves too. It has nothing to do with his body eating away at the muscles. When you losing weight the biggest way to keep muscles in to stimulate them. Which he was doing with exercise. He was just low on glucose. In bodybuilding building when they cut then do a refeed, they look amazing. He was flat due to low glycogen in the muscles.

- 109- Dr. Benjamin Bikman- The Effects of Insulin Sensitivity on Health,  Longevity and Ketosis: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the muscle expert podcast with ben pakulski one of the world's top professional bodybuilders and expert on human performance and mindset mastery Ben dives deep to deliver the strategies of the top experts to upgrade your body mind muscle strength performance biochemistry and how to become the upgraded modern man join us on Ben Falco Steve calm to learn the cutting edge techniques to take control of your body your brain and create your greatest life hey welcome to muscle expert podcast I'm your host pentacles G and today we're doing the insulin deep-dive insulin is a very controversial topic with everybody now talking about heat in genetic dieting or insulin restricting or if it fits your macros and some people think it matters and some people think it doesn't and now dr. Benjamin Bickman is my guest and we're gonna dive into everything to do with insulin and what whether he thinks it's actually that big of a culprit causing disease and metabolic disorders and dysregulated function in the body so we're gonna dive into everything from kinetic guiding to how insulin affects the mitochondria how it affects inflammation and everything in between you're gonna love this guy he's a great interview he's extremely articulate he's a professor at Brigham Young University in Utah and he's literally really really articulate in delivering all of these little little tidbits to maximize your body to live the great life so I hope you enjoy this episode and know you're gonna love it listen straight to the end and I would love to get a review on what you think and what else you want to know about insulin and ketogenic diet in because this week is gonna be our deep dive on keto we're gonna have some other amazing guests so make sure you tune back into the next episodes and I look forward to hearing from you enjoy the episode hey welcome to podcast ladies and gentlemen today we're gonna dive deep into metabolic disorders insulin ketones cellular energetics and as much as dr. Benjamin Bickman wants to dump to us because this is an area of massive confusion for a lot of our listeners and a lot of people in the fitness industry there's a lot of debates around you know what should it be high fat diet should be a high carb diet does it matter is it just in a macros equation dr. Vikram what's your answer to that question oh yeah geez well that's a little question yeah what a way to start so um macros matter no doubt in fact I always make the case that as much as people love to focus on micronutrients my sentiment is if your macros are aligned then your micros will be too but but that still brings us back to the question of what what is the ideal composition of macros and and there is no answer to that as frustrating as that may be for any listener here I would make the case that there is no one way to do this I would say however from my perspective which is looking at human health through the lens of an optimal insulin level and by that I mean low an optimal insulin level is a low insulin level at normal you know in in in as many in as much time or as long as possible in any given 24 hour period the longer that 24 hour period has low insulin not to an extreme of course I'm not saying don't eat anything but the longer insulin is kept low the better the body's gonna function metabolically speaking so looking at macro nutrient compositions with that perspective in mind how to control insulin which is how I look at it then the first step will always be I need to be smart about my starches and that doesn't mean don't eat starches there could be someone listening to this who simply finds they really run optimally on 150 grams of carbohydrate per day and then someone else who's listening to this who's kind of recovering if you will type 2 diabetic they may say what 150 no way if I take that much I got to give myself 100 units of insulin they may find that if they're eating 30 grams of carbs per day they don't have to give themselves any insulin and so you know that can that can vary but whatever it may be for that person as they have experimented and found an optimal level at least with that one macro I would say an ideal diet always starts step number one control your carbohydrates and then and then for me the next step is prioritizing protein yeah I don't think I think one of the fears is I look at people who kind of hear me say hey you got to control your insulin they think that means well then I also need to control protein because different amino acids can have an insulin a genic effect and thus I got to avoid protein - for fear of that spiking my insulin and that's I don't think that's entirely justified and moreover I think sometimes it can be pathological where if you have some overweight older person let's say you have a seventy year old person who's got to lose 50 pounds and to control their diabetes they may be avoiding protein and while they go low-carb and that's gonna help them lose weight as their insulin comes in control they're also going to be losing a lot of muscle mass and that's not something they're going to recover from at all or very easily and thus I make the case that if you know your carbs are in control you can be more liberal you don't need to fear protein you can make protein a priority getting that you know 1 to 2 grams per kilogram and that need goes up as we get older to maintain muscle protein synthesis so in other words to maintain muscle mass or muscle recovery we need to make sure you know the person I'd say the moment they kind of get middle-aged and Beyond they really need to make sure they're getting sufficient protein and then let's say all of that controlling carbs and making sure they're getting enough protein you know that gets them to half their caloric needs for the day then be liberal with the fat let fat fill the rest of the calories that that person needs to get in order to really feel satisfied not that they need to count their calories I never recommend that that's too tedious but that I'd say that's kind of the three pillars when it comes to the macros you got to control your carbohydrates whatever that may mean for the person prioritizing proteins so ensuring they're getting sufficient protein to maintain lean mass even in the midst of fat loss so this recom positioning you know this ideal state of losing body fat while gaining muscle it's absolutely possible course and then the third step is don't fear fat and let that fill your calories a fat is the one macronutrient that won't have any effect on insulin in proteins effect on insulin is is is modest and in fact it's even more modest when a person's low carb which is why they don't need to fear the protein if they're eating more carbohydrates then protein actually does elicit more of an insulin response so as long as they're controlling their carbs there's no it needed all the fear protein and then and then of course the base of it going backwards now is controlling those carbs so that's my that's my alliterative answer to what's the ideal thank you so much and that's the easiest articulation for me as well as just like earn your carbohydrates right as people how many carbs on you what did you earn you know yeah but all day you don't need any if you're being active and you're training hard and you're moving a lot well then your body can actually use these things rather than just arbitrarily allowing your insulin and blood glucose to stay elevated you don't need them so in let's typically the way I prescribe people to approach carbohydrates and then you know exactly the way you say yeah that's exactly what you say is prioritize protein and fill the rest with fat I think that's great now one of the questions that kind of came up while you were talking there was do you believe and this is maybe just an opinion do you believe that this chronic insulin issue that we have is a result of human evolution in this new exposure to massive amounts of processed carbohydrates at will or is it more results of the debaucherous childhood that most people have been subjected to like there's you know I think as humans we're probably pretty resilient so do you think it's a matter of you know eventually because of so much accumulated damage as children we just lose the ability to use carbohydrate insulin or is it just kind of the evolutionary process of cellular aging that this is just happening as we age okay G yeah there's a lot to unpack there again Ben I I'd say with regards to an evolutionary component I think it is easy to make the case that we as a species have benefited through the eons by having the ability to have insulin spike in response to certain meals in certain macronutrients and that would be the the justification for that evolutionarily would be this allows us to store energy if it weren't for insulin we would not be able to store energy and that is important because it's important to emphasize because that is an important if in fact that is an essential process to the survival of our species if we didn't have the ability to store energy well we're doomed and so insulin enables that potential so despite the fact that I'm I'm pooh-poohing insulin and I'm talking about it in largely negative terms I don't mean to leave the impression that no insulin is suddenly or is somehow superior to having insulin nope not at all we need insulin and and think heavens the system the body is designed to have it to allow us to store energy for future use so that that's the only thing I could say with regards to evolution I don't think we've evolved over the last two generations you know where the diet suddenly took a turn for the worse or maybe you could make the case that it was a couple thousand years ago in agriculture sort of took a turn but I don't look at that as a uniformly bad thing like some people do I think that's just too hard to you know kind of put a finger on it with regards to this is where the problem started but I don't now with regards to a childhood sort of a miss spent childhood indulging in you know crackers and chips and fruit juice it is unfortunate that that's what we sort of lean the kids that would be a a mild childhood compared to what I see most kids even these days right and even when I grew up no you're right it's like this perpetuating of you know Halloween and Ken and Easter and being hey this is when you're supposed to eat all the junk food in the store right yes rather than you know juices juices and crackers this best-case-scenario yeah no kidding you're right in fact that there it is it is absolutely tragic when you look at childhood nutrition and what is considered healthy and what is provided for them in like school lunches in a formal setting or even these informal settings like I'm going to my friend's house for a little playdate or whatever it's just absolute junk and so there's no doubt our culture Wiens children onto garbage but it's just kids dr. Buckman they this is what they're supposed to eat right in fact it's funny there's a there's a an advertisement that was in like I don't know Reader's Digest or something like that it is a real advertised minds can't remember the source from the 1970s and it's saying something like if on the Conn the top of this little advertisement it's it's saying something like if sugar is so fattening how come kids are so thin and I look at that I think all boy you couldn't get away with saying that nowadays it just it just took a little time it just took a few decades for this to catch up to us but yeah there's no doubt we start childhood early by having insulin elevated pretty much every waking moment and that goes for more than children it just starts then and where you think about the child who wakes up with what are they fed they're fed a bowl of absolute junk it's just pure starch and sugar and then two hours later while they need a little snack and so they either starchy junkie cracker snack then two hours later they eat a starchy lunch then two hours later they eat their afternoon snack and it's just more of the same more of the same more of the same every waking moment every two to three hours they're eating something that's spiking their insulin and that of course that process just continues as we become adults but in fact we're kind of starting this with childhood but it starts it can start earlier than childhood where we have we know that if if the fetus of hyperinsulinemic or gestational diabetic mom is exposed to elevated insulin levels that baby will be born with in a way you could say they're kind of internal thermostat is set to a higher insulin level and they will be born heavier than normal and I just don't mean that it's a big family so they have big babies this will be a larger then it should have been baby and and the baby will be more likely to suffer from metabolic disorders and throughout life and so this is something that we're kind of get programmed even in the fetus now that's not to say there's no fighting it and you're done I mean we know that you can reverse the consequences of chronic hyperinsulinemia within just a couple weeks this is evident and type 2 diabetics so we know there's that changing the environment can elicit a very potent and very rapid correction it's just does the person have the system in place to actually get that done can you Walker this may be a very simple question for you but I think it's important to frame this conversation to skin you walk our listeners down the path of what's actually happening with chronically elevated insulin levels like why does your body stop using it just giving us a brief overview of the mechanism and then really how it starts to wreak havoc on the body yeah so I would I would make the case that instable first of all there's a few things to say insulin resistance is the plague of prosperity it is the disorder that pops up when a culture starts to eat this what we call a Western diet and it then can explain to varying degrees why every other chronic disease starts to suddenly present itself so what happens we know why does an indigenous culture that now starts to eat a Western diet why do they start to have increased rates of cancer diabetes heart disease dementia etc in many instances it's linked to this foundation of insulin resistance so so that's the relevance of it and even beyond that the fact that an insulin resistance is relevant to virtually every chronic disease but also that it is so common it is the most common disorder in the world where we have half of all adults in the u.s. China India Mexico are insulin resistant and over half of all adults in certain countries in North Africa and the Middle East and the Pacific Islands this is the most common health disorder in the world so it matters and in if someone listening to this is overweight and they have high blood pressure those two if they say yes to both of those questions I would be extremely confident that their insulin resistant too so it matters it's it's all around us and then the question of course is well if it matters how do we get there and of the of the handful of causes or the handful of stimuli that can cause insulin resistance the most relevant I submit is chronic hyperinsulinemia so the more someone is living a life that is bumping their insulin and their insulin up the more likely they are going to develop insulin resistance and so then to your question how do we how do we you know kind of control it the insulin it's by controlling macros and frequency of eating and and then that by controlling the hyperinsulinemia we are controlling insulin resistance and by controlling insulin resistance then we're controlling chronic disease and and the the connection between insulin resistance and chronic disease is a combination of two things it's one there's a lot more insulin than normal because that's just that's what's causing the disorder you know that means some people kind of balk when they hear that how can insulin cause insulin resistance but but it's also pretty intuitive where whenever there is an excessive stimulus of something to an organism the organism begins becomes resistant to that stimulus so you think about it like a drug in how the body becomes resistant to that drug so they need more of it and and you think about in bacteria becoming resistant to an antibiotic or cancer becoming resistant to a chemo therapeutic if there's too much of something the body becomes resistant to that something and insulin is no exception and and so as back to what I was saying if they're kind of two ways that insulin resistance is wreaking havoc in the body the first is that there's simply too much insulin and then second insulin isn't isn't doing the same thing it used to throughout the body and that's the resistance part of it where you have like muscle cells for example insulin is very anabolic at muscle cells telling the muscle cell to grow but that effect is compromised when the muscle cells are insulin resistant normally the insulin would have told the muscle to grow now it doesn't and the muscle just stays in an atrophied or smaller state than it would have been otherwise there's no insulin induced hypertrophy and then if you look at something like the liver the liver normally insulin will tell the liver to take in glucose and store the glucose as glycogen however in the insulin resistant liver that doesn't happen anymore so the liver just keeps breaking down glycogen and releasing glucose into the blood and as its as the liver is increasing blood glucose that's of course increasing insulin which is making the liver more insulin resistance so this it's a negative cycle fascinating now can you talk a little bit about how elevated insulin or elevated blood glucose or whichever way is negatively impacting mitochondria so something you brought up obviously yeah yeah so with that's a great question so the mitochondria very simply put that is the part of the cell that is taking in the nutrients that's taking in the glucose the fat and it's breaking those molecules down and and that's the catabolic side of the metabolism so it's catabolized or breaking down glucose and fats and it's doing that for a chemical fuel or a chemical energy called ATP and anyone almost anyone listening would know what ATP is ATP is just this chemical this molecule rather that allows cells to work and get work done and in the case of muscle it allows a muscle to contract well ultimately relax and so it's allowing a muscle to go through these contraction relaxation relaxation cycles and so that's that's the normal function of the mitochondria and what insulin does we published a paper about a year or two ago that found that as insulin is chronically elevated it's increasing the accumulation of a molecule in muscle cells called ceramide in ceramide is a type of molecule and it's not over it's not totally bad we do need it for certain just normal cellular processes but insulin makes too much ceramide and then we have as we have too much ceramide accumulating in the cell this excess of ceramide is causing the mitochondria to tear apart or it's it's forcing what's called mitochondrial fission and so it's taking the big kind of blob like mitochondria and pulling it into small little pieces and it's forcing it to stay in this divided State the mitochondria into these small pieces and that it appears that the mitochondria just don't like to be forced into this divided or fission state and when it is happened when it's pushed into that state of this forced fission it's less able to produce ATP and it's more readily producing reactive oxygen species so you know in other words causing more oxidative stress oh that's interesting so that's the main ever thought about so people who are insulin resistant and actually literally a dots that's these at the cellular aging process we're just we're accelerating the agent aging process is that how that works you know we talked about oh yeah good question yeah so kind of I mean if they're we don't we don't really know why we age so so that's it's a loaded question in a way but insofar as one of the main theories of aging is this just accumulation of oxidative stress and the damage from oxidative stress then yes then that does fit that description in fact even to make it more relevant to insulin we know that in in rodent models we don't know this in humans yet but in like fruit flies in worms in mice if we can reduce insulin signaling in those animals they live you know like 30 to 50 percent longer and this is this is a very rich area of research from a scientist named Cynthia Kenyon she has been really at the forefront of identifying insulin as a key molecule causing aging and so and that might explain why in human instances where we have these kind of familial lines that are living really long from longevity one of the main characteristics of these families that are all just really long-lived is that they maintain exquisite insulin sensitivity throughout their lives whether it's genetic or environmental or probably the combination of the two they have this unique insulin sensitivity that may be keeping their insulin very low and thus slowing the aging process hey guys I interrupt this podcast with dr. Benjamin Beckman to bring you a special message from four sigmak now you guys know I've been diving into this mushroom movement for quite a long time well over a year I've become a huge fan of a lot of the products that for somatic offers particularly that's why I'm holding my hand lines me so we're all trying to live this amazing reality that we are in we're trying to upgrade our body we're trying to upgrade our physiology are trying to upgrade our mind and lines made of something I've been adding in twice a day for the last 12 months and notice a massive cognitive upgrade so I put in my coffee every morning I'll add it with a little bit of MCT oil and a little bit of alpha GPC absolutely love the way it makes my brain feel especially if I'm not gonna be having any food in the morning or if I'm gonna be going to train so typically my morning routine looks like a little bit of coffee with a little bit MCT a little bit of lion's mane and off of GPC I head straight to the gym and I knock out a workout so I'm training in a depleted state which is exactly what dr. Benjamin Bickman is talking about really allowing my body to use fat for fuel and as soon as I'm done my workout I had now I have the option if I want to replenish carbohydrates or if I want to continue in a fat-burning ketogenic state it's completely up to you but linesman is an amazing way to upgrade your physiology if you haven't heard about the mushroom revolution things like lion's mane cordyceps turkey tail for sig Matic is the place to get all of your mushroom needs and if you're not already part of it over the next five years mushrooms is gonna be a massive part of the entire fitness industry for its ability to upgrade your physiology a natural way check out for Sigma TOCOM slash muscle for 15% off if you go to the for somatic page you can use the code muscle mus CL 15% off courtesy of the Malaysian podcast because I appreciate you guys enjoy the rest of the show with dr. Benjamin Vik so I think most of us at some point you know have over consume carbohydrates have some degree of insulin resistance or instant lost insulin sensitivity do you have any recommended lines of intervention so the first thing that's coming to mind is fasting or anything obviously obviously restricting carbohydrate consumption seems like a great answer but there isn't a mask in the question is because I want note the mechanism of do you know if we know the mechanism of kind of regenerating the cell's ability to use insulin is it just as simple as removing the stimulus or is can you walk me down that map of what we know about actually kind of rejuvenating your cells ability to use insulin yeah well that's a great III think you in fact hit the nail in the head it really does seem to be as simple at least conceptually as simple as give the cell a break from insulin and that means giving your body a break from starch as the primary fuel so fasting is one way to do that and and there's no doubt that's effective I would just simply say people need to be very smart when they undergo fasting and depending on how long they're going to do it please be very careful another way to do it is time restricted eating which is sort of a derivative of fasting which is you know within a 24 hour period they're giving themselves let's say six hours to consume their calories and then the rest of the 18 hours is spent in a fasted state that's a very I find that's a very easy way to do it rather than multi-day fasts and yet it is still effective and then without fasting at all it's just simply like we talked about earlier it's just controlling starches but all of that comes back to that one idea that you touched on which was give your cell a break give your body a break from insulin and as insulin is down is pushed down to baseline levels for a period of time that begins resetting the cells sensitivity to insulin and thus the next time they're eating a meal what would have been you know insulin going up ten or twenty times in order to control the glucose from that meal because they're so insulin resistant well now it's going to only go you know four or five times insulin levels will over fasting levels because the insulin works so much better and so the insulin comes up it gets the glucose out of the blood and then it goes right back down to fasting levels you know within just a couple hours or even faster you talk about how inflammation effects insulin utilization oh I love that you asked that I love that you asked that because that was my whole fellowship when I worked with Duke as a postdoctoral fellow my all my work was looking at inflammation as a cause of insulin resistance so we know it happens you can basically stimulate a cell with any inflammatory signal like toxins you know bacterial toxins other harmful molecules that you get from like cigarette smoke or diesel exhaust whether you inhale these things or you you in swallow them or ingest them we know that anything that is or even chronic inflammatory conditions like rheumatoid arthritis you know that's a case where the person's own immune system is attacking their joints and during those active kind of attacks because it is somewhat cyclical we're yet one day is really bad when they you know might be a little better when the body is more active with it's inflammation attacking its own joints the person is demonstrably more insulin resistant and once again at the risk of sounding like a broken record it comes back to ceramide where that that one particular kind of toxic lipid or this lippo toxic molecule when inflammation is up for too long too much that starts to promote the accumulation of ceramide then ceramide starts breaking down the insulin signal and so the cells becoming insulin resistant so that I mean that would be the direct connection and what's relevant about this is that could be why since the early 1900's we've known that if you give an insulin resistant person aspirin or or what was before aspirin existed I think it's from willow bark the salicylate molecule from willow bark that is anti-inflammatory and you improve the insulin resistance you improve their glucose tolerance and that's that's very much part of that mechanism where you're just mitigating the inflammation you're thus reducing the ceramide and the cells and then you're restoring insulin sensitivity one of the things that I think has tremendous amount of traction these days is ketones and you brought that up prior to our call and I want to dive a little bit into just learning I want basically want to give it to people tutorial on this whole ketogenic glucagon insulin balance and this integration because a lot of people are trying ketogenic that now and I used to really in the call they're worried about protein influencing their insulin that they're not sure if they're in ketosis they're chasing high levels of ketones they want they're monitoring their low levels of insulin can you kind of give us a brief download on what's actually happening as someone begins a ketogenic diet and starts shifting into you know a higher fat diet their body starts using ketones for fuel rather than insulin yeah yes so yeah that's a great question I love it so let's just briefly start at the risk of starting kind of too basic let's just kind of describe what a ketone is and then just so that we know that any listener would have a baseline although I'm sure everybody does but I guess I'll put the professor hat on and I can't help but talk here yeah so ketones as the body makes ketones which it does very readily ketones are a consequence of a lot of fat burning so when insulin that that process cannot happen you cannot burn a lot of fat unless insulin is low if insulin is elevated it is absolutely stamping its foot on the brakes of fat burning or in other words it inhibits lipolysis the body will not be breaking down fat if insulin is elevated in contrast if insulin is low the body has no choice but to be burning fat at a very high rate and so an insulin is low for a sufficiently long period of time and that can be as little as 12 hours the person's lip oolitic or the rate lipolysis three to fat burning is sufficiently high that there is almost too much fat burning going on and in a way for the liver to make up for that too much fat burning in other words the body is burning more fat than it actually needs to burn to meet its needs for energy the liver starts to kind of divert some of that fat burning into ketones so ketones become a sort of exhaust or a release valve for this excess rate of fat burning and then the ketones themselves one reason for that may be simply to allow the well one it is a fuel for the body ketones can be used by any cells that can also use fat but ketones can also be used by the brain which does not readily use fat or not at all use fat for fuel and that maybe that's a way just to sort of tell the brain hey look we're in a fat-burning mode we're not in a sugar burning mode and so stop burning sugar for your primary fuel in other words stop using glucose as your primary fuel and shift to ketones and despite what any student has heard and I I have to address this as a professor where students come in thinking the brain has an absolute dependence on glucose and that is absolutely false there's no debating this we know beyond any doubt the brain has a tremendous capacity to shift towards ketone and in a fasted State seventy-five percent roughly 75 percent of a brain's fuel will come from ketones and so there's no debating this the brain does not just rely on glucose in fact what is debatable is whether the brain needs glucose at all whether it can shift 100 percent to glucose I mean it's already ketones and that's that's debatable but not that the brain can use ketones nevertheless I've gotten a little off topic so how do we so if insulin is low ketone ketones are up and that so if insulin is low ketogenesis is now this inhibited or insulin is no longer there to inhibit the production of ketones so insulin goes down ketogenesis is suddenly turned on in the liver starts kind of diverting fat burning into ketogenesis and then what's the use of the ketone so I mentioned that they can be used by a fuel by any of the cells with that can also use fat for a few but also the ketones appear to be very viable signaling molecules in their own right and so as a cell is sensing a ketone the ketone is turning things on turning processes on and turning other processes off in the cell that appeared to generally be well pretty darn favorable for the whole body and like for example we know that ketones promote enhanced function of neurons so the brain benefits from ketones and there are numerous neurological disorders things like depression migraines certain forms of autism Alzheimer's disease there are published reports indicating that ketones if a body is in ketosis all of those neurological problems start to get better that's that's very well-established and we're learning more and more that ketones also reduce inflammation in the body they inhibit a main mediator a main process that's promoting inflammation and that may be why people that are in ketosis find that they their joints start to feel better they don't have as much arthritis or tendinitis and I don't know of a paper to support that I need to disclose that or confess I just hear that from a lot of anecdotal reports just dozens dozens of people mentioning to me how their body just isn't aching as much that could be a result of the ketone induced anti-inflammatory effect and then we're also finding that ketones promote cell well.some cell survival that we're just about to submit a manuscript for publication so this is not published yet but it hopefully will be we find that ketones promote muscle cell survival that when ketones are when muscle cells rather are treated with ketones they live longer they're more resistant to damage induced death and so here in this case if someone is you know very focused on muscle survival or muscle building it appears that ketones can help with that overall situation and then lastly another more research coming from my lab is that ketones appear to enhance metabolic activity in fat cells so it's increasing metabolic rate in fat cells in fact we've been pulling fat biopsies from humans a little we just take a little small piece of fat from the belly fat right by their belly button and we analyze the metabolic rate of that fat tissue and we find that metabolic rate this isn't published we're not done this yet so I need to be careful but in in the fat cells and from rodents and in other fat cells we find that ketones are increasing the metabolic rate and I in in so far the evidence in humans appears to continue to support that story so generally you know kind of from top to bottom in numerous cells in the body ketones appear to be eliciting favorable metabolic changes and then the great tragedy of all of this been you know with a kind of a way to finish my rant on ketones the great tragedy is that most bodies in the US or the world never really see ketones that every waking moment is spent in an in a sugar fed insulin spiking ketogenesis inhibiting state and then the moment they're about to start getting into ketosis at the end of their sleep well they smashed themselves out of ketosis and make sure that doesn't happen by eating a bagel or a bowl of cereal or toast or some starchy sugary pile of junk I told they agree with you and you know being conscious of that in cerebal of that you know in the last four and five years it's really shifted a lot of aspects of my life I mean the dependence on carbohydrate this is rampant and everybody just has this paradigm run I need to wake up and eat I need to get glucose into my body into my brain and you know since I've dived into this whole fasting you realize how much better you actually feel when you don't your body can't actually use ketones for fuel and they even offering that opportunity to an athlete and expose them to that who you know for many years has become carbohydrate dependent to train is they realized hey soon as your body can use ketones or produce ketones your training actually gets better do you feel that an athlete can perform in a high level on low levels of glycogen low levels of insulin and exclusively or pretty oh yeah that's it that's a great question in fact there's a lot to unpack there I keep saying that but but it's true um doesn't change the fact that it's true so yeah what we find is that when an athlete is in ketosis they are using less glucose there's no doubt about that they are burning fat at much higher rate several times more fat than than the normal glucose fueled athlete and what that means is because they have normal amounts of muscle glycogen the even the ketone athlete has normal glycogen they actually can preserve their glycogen in and so there is a glycogen sparing effect of an athlete having adapted to ketones but but the key is kind of in that verb there that they have to have been given time to adapt and what that means is they have to have exposed their body to ketones sufficiently to the point that now the mitochondria have they have more mitochondria than they did before that happens mitochondrial biogenesis is activated by ketones so it's basically ketones are telling the cell hey look if you want to use me for fuel you need more mitochondria than you do now and so that happens mitochondria amount goes up in the mitochondria B can become adapted to using ketone and mind you and very importantly fat for fuel that's a very relevant part of keto adaptation it really is maybe even more accurate to say fat adaptation because fat does provide most of the body's fuel with a low carb athlete most of their fuels coming from fat so while I'm talking about training or adapting towards ketones it also is maybe even more relevant to say they're just becoming better fat adapted and they can use fat to fuel their body at higher and higher and higher intensities and that's usually where it starts to fall off at low intensities like sitting in a chair most of the person's metabolic needs are coming from fat although it's very low metabolic needs because they're doing so little the they become more and more active and intensity starts going up there's this shift in fuel towards glucose and as a person fad adapts they can get to higher and higher and higher intensities still using fat as the primary fuel thus conserving using less glucose and conserving glycogen for those periods of really intense you know high intensity a sprint or a high-intensity period of lifting and then the glucose is recruited as a fuel whereas it had been spared up until that point god yes or might you literally say Guede right on my next question I was gonna ask if you know we know glycolysis is fueling high intensity exercise and now is it possible for someone to build a tremendous amount of muscle to train a really high level with a high fat diet or do they need some level of carb yeah I've been my answer to that as a scientist is I don't know because I don't know that there's a paper published on that while we do have papers published in ketone adapted athletes with regards to endurance exercise I am unaware of the of a non endurance or resistance based regimen in human subjects I don't know of data to support that and so I can only speak to anecdote and anecdotally I have known countless people to have substantial muscle gains while going low carb and in some of the best of these people or some of the best responses are in people that are not fearing protein they're making low carb the priority and they're just really making protein a focus after that and that is evident in people that are kind of the rise of the kind of keto carnivores you know these these humans that really are shifting towards predominantly animal-based food or products as their food and you look at these people they are absolutely in ketosis almost pretty much all the time despite eating a lot of protein because you look at any cut of meat muscle meat and that is predominantly protein and then it can shift maybe to predominantly fat if they're going to something like the or something which happens and it should but not always I mean people are eating mostly muscle meat steaks and hamburger and they're still getting some incredible results and so I would say those anecdotal reports are evidence that that a person can thrive without spiking their glucose in fact it's it's kind of unfortunate for me I have some people that I know personally that are a little heavy their their muscled but also have more fat than they'd like and and I see them when they're about to go lift they're eating like a bag of candy and then when I saw them one time because I was a little surprised because we talked a lot about low-carb and the benefits and they were kind of doing it and they'd seen some weight loss and we're pleased by that and I see him eating these candies and I say dude what's up kind of jokingly hey brother what are you doing eating that candy I said oh why I like to do this before I go lift to give myself the boost and I'm thinking oh man what a missed opportunity it's a missed opportunity to adapt and I'm thinking man why don't you kind of let your body go through that temporary phase of a little discomfort and a little bit of lethargy which it appears to be inevitable when someone's really adapting to fat and ketones as the fuel and I think all they're doing is really ensuring that they're never quite adapting to to fat and ketones for fuel at least in those instances of high intensity when the workout would require higher levels of energy it's I consider that a fortunate that they're robbing themselves of the potential benefit moreover you don't want to eat that kind of stuff right before your workout because then you have this kind of battle of well as insulin gonna go up or isn't it going to go up in normally during a workout insulin is not supposed to be high because if insulin is high during the workout then your muscle is struggling to get its fuel and it's going to be going more towards fat if insulins high insulin is just throwing open the doors of fat cells to take what it wants and you do not want your fat cells to be eating while you're exercising you want your fat cells to be giving their fuel up to fuel the muscles but if insulin is high that can happen that's interesting so it's ask me about that so you know I mean I'm a proponent of low carb during training but I know there's a lot of disease there who are you know proponent of high-carb during training now the one thing you know we know that insulins can affect your brain chemistry so we know that you know taking insulin pre-workouts gonna pull away from your ability to have tremendous focus and high levels dopamine but as far as insulin you know being elevated during the workout oh yeah that is not a natural state I mean there's there's really no other way to say that insulin should not be elevated during a workout if someone wants to try to exploit the the anabolic effects of insulin because insulin is in fact anabolic mind you its anabolic if fat cells just as much if not more than it is anabolic muscle cells in fact I'd make the case it's more anabolic of fat cells but if someone wants to exploit or take advantage of insulins anabolic effects a muscle you want to do that after the workout particularly when blood flow to the muscle is still elevated but muscle has met its needs if insulin is elevated during the workout you are forcing muscle to fight for fuel and that may be sounds like a good thing oh I'm working out and I'm making my muscle work for its fuel no that's not a good thing what do you mean when you say fight yeah I kind of touched on that where if insulin is elevated it's telling the rest of the body to also be taking up fuel in that gym that shouldn't be happening during an exercise bout the reason and it doesn't need to happen when someone starts when a muscle starts contracting the question could be well dr. Bickman that's nonsense if if insulin is low during my workout how's my muscle getting glucose in the first place well the muscle is smart enough it's been designed to have this backdoor where during contraction just the simple process of a muscle contracting that activates a pathway that opens the doors for glucose to come in without the need for insulin to be elevated and so the muscle can get what it needs to get without insulin being there yeah yeah exactly through glute 4 exactly it's that same insulin pathway it just comes it gets activated a different a different step without the need for insulin to be there knocking on the door so to speak and what then so insulin should not be elevated during a work and the muscle still gets what it needs but if insulin is elevated during a workout well now the rest of the body is starting to take in fuel like fat cells in the insulin is inhibiting the breakdown of fat from the fat cells so you're compromising the ability of the fat cell to mobilize its energy and share its energy and so I would make the case that you're slowing down you're compromising your body's ability to adapt to fat as a fuel and of course you're absolutely slamming the door on ketone production - like we talked about earlier so someone was willing to be elevated and I can understand I can understand why they would I really can then then let it be after the workout certainly not during but but I would never anyone who's so determined to get big muscles and they're taking insulin boy they're they're messing with some potent stuff and that that's a risk that's risky business and the fear is one that they're promoting fat and that's a simple fear they're promoting fat gain but second they have this risk of diabetic shock which is where they've given themselves accidentally too much insulin and now they become both hypoglycemic and deficient and ketones in the brain starves the brain can only use one of those two fuel sources and when insulin is too high glucose and ketones are too low and then the person goes into a coma in the best case scenario interesting there's a lot of athletes out there like literally taking exogenous insulin pre work to try to drive more performance yeah and I mean certainly something that needs to be examined a little bit further because I know a lot of athletes is particularly bodybuilders are chasing hyperemia the chair chasing sells swelling and you know when they take insulin the it's in you know undeniable that the amount of swelling goes up inside the muscle now whether or not that's correlated with growth directly remains oh yeah I'm like one I would I would speculate I've never heard that before but but immediately my brain turns to the effects of insulin on water handling by the kidneys and one reason they may feel so much more swole during the workout which admitted is a very cool feeling although my petite body doesn't feel that very often unfortunately petite is what my sisters used to call me for help for heaven's sake so I don't like to use that term but I'll own it for a moment I'm not a very big guy but but I can appreciate the feeling of having the muscles swollen during a workout one of the reasons simply is that insulin is inhibiting the kidneys ability to get rid of water and so they retain they're literally retaining water and that means they have more blood volume and more blood volume means muscles have more blood in them and that's not necessarily a good thing but they will feel more swollen I mean the muscle will have more blood in it during the workout there's just a natural vasodilation during workout and that's supposed to happen and that's why the muscles get swollen at all during your workout I'd make the case then intuitively that if someone is feeling more of that swelling when they've injected insulin it is sort of this artificial state of hypervolemia where the blood volume has gotten high and even then I'd say that could be dangerous because this blood volume goes high so too does blood pressure and it's possible during the strenuous workouts and he sort of valsalva maneuver 'he's you know when they're really kind of holding their breath to get a push up and everything's bulging boy i'm they maybe they'd get to a point where blood pressure has gotten so high that they have an aneurysm or something so there's a downside to all of this but it might just be kind of the pathology part of me imagining processes that aren't real but but what I know for certain is that insulin will promote water retention and by the kidneys and so urine production will be down and blood volume will be up and I would make the case that there's no benefit to that physiologically right can you talk a little bit about this is very subjective but can you talk a little bit about protein consumption and the upper limits that you that you seen I'm speculating that you're on a ketogenic diet yeah based on our conversation or something that resembles a ketogenic diet can you talk about levels of Browdy consumption and you know is there an upper limit before people start to see elevated in signals yeah oh geez great question so I don't know and for I wish I could answer that explicitly and I say I don't know because I don't know of a paper of a published report that has actually asked that question I will say that ingested protein has a different effect on insulin depending on the body's need for the liver to be making glucose now let me say that again in a different way because it was probably kind of oddly stated you can have two people eating the same amount of protein and yet that amount of protein eliciting different responses from insulin based on whether or not they are low carb or high carb and I kind of touched on this earlier and so let's say you take someone who's only eating 50 grams of carbohydrate per day that is not enough for the body to meet its needs simply based on its what it needs for with regards to glucose there are some cells in the body the most prominent one is red blood cells that have to use glucose red blood cells have to use glucose for fuel there is no option and so the combination of the at least the red blood cells and any other tissue that's just using glucose at even normal low levels you need more than 50 grams of glucose and think heavens the body makes it perfectly well so that's why you have people who can eat no starch whatsoever and yet they are not hypoglycemic and they're not dying it's because and they're not anemic they're not losing their red blood cells they're they're making plenty of glucose from their liver and so that's a process called gluconeogenesis and if you're on a low-carb diet you have to have that happen and that's something I kind of state quite emphatically a lot of people I seen the low-carb community talk about gluconeogenesis like it's a bad thing no a thousand times no if it weren't for gluconeogenesis you couldn't live on a low-carb diet you couldn't live during a fast we have to have glucose for some cells in the body and think heavens the body knows that so well that it is so capable at making its own glucose and it does that very well there's no problem there but if insulin goes up that's a problem because insulin turns off gluconeogenesis and so if you have a body that eats protein and yet they still need gluconeogenesis to happen because they're eating so little starch well then you don't get an insulin response and that happened at least we know that from dogs it's these it was a series of wonderful studies from dogs now lest someone think Oh Vic Minh you're citing dogs for heaven's sakes we're not dogs but in fact across the animal kingdom as far as I know and I'm not a comparative physiologist I know study animals as far as I know our gastrointestinal system is closer to dogs than any other animal on the planet from even closer than other like chimpanzees it's much much closer than chimpanzees so so lest someone think well dogs are irrelevant they're probably the most relevant model so nevertheless we know that insulin can have different effects sorry protein can have different effects on insulin based on the inherent level of glucose that's already in the body and then in humans we know that when you give a human protein or you know it mean amino acids there will be the insulin effect is substantially reduced or totally different if a person is fasted or fed a low-carb diet in both of those instances there's little to no insulin response versus a high carb fed person where there's a substantial insulin response to that dietary protein and that appears to be like I said earlier of really a function of whether or not the body is relying on gluconeogenesis if the person is eating sufficiently low glucose in their diet that they need to be making it then there will be a very little insulin response to that protein if a person's eating a lot of glucose and that the liver doesn't need to make its own glucose through gluconeogenesis then the protein response the insulin response sorry to the protein is substantial that's great I've never heard that articulated that way so thank you so much one other question that I think is important for hopefully you to clarify is understanding the different types of insulin response from different types of carbohydrates so we get a lot of people who are you needing starts we get people who are eating fruit and fructose glucose and how those are influencing insulin in the body yeah I love that question so fructose doesn't elicit an insulin response it is it is unique among the carbohydrates so you can eat any other carbohydrate lactose for example and lactose will be converted into glucose so it's just you end up getting two molecules of glucose from one lactose so any other simple sugar the body will convert it to glucose except fructose fructose will come into the blood as fructose and thus it gets handled by the liver and there is no insulin response and the the reason that's relevant is because that may be part of why the body responds differently with regards to its fat changes so there was a study done in humans kind of what I'm getting at is so fructose will not elicit an insulin response to make that clear now that doesn't so someone could hear me say that and say oh well if bickmans whole dietary mo is I got a control insulin well then I'm gonna eat more fruit dose because that doesn't have an insulin spike that would be a tragic take away from what I'm saying because what fructose does is it can turn itself into fat in the liver without the need for insulin and so if in other words it is still very Lippo genic it still turns into lipid and increases lipid in the body very readily but it doesn't need insulin to do it unlike glucose glucose has an insulin response and then the insulin is telling the glucose what to do fructose doesn't need to be told or the liver I should say doesn't need to be told what to do with fructose if it sees a lot of fructose then it turns starts turning it into fat and that's very much what the liver does very similar to deliver does with ethanol or alcohol and that's why fructose is predominantly the cause of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease you know once upon a time 50 or 60 years ago if someone had fatty liver it's because they were drinking too much alcohol and there was really no exception and then with the rise of you know sugar being such a prominent part of our diet then we had this new version of fatty liver disease which is the person coming in and insisting hey look it's not because alcohol I don't drink any alcohol and then finding that it's because of how the liver handles fructose which is very much like alcohol so back to the human study that I kind of mentioned just a moment ago there was a study that took humans and for a certain period of time gave them gave one group of people glucose solutions they were drinking these glucose shakes the other group of people were drinking fructose shakes and they both got fatter not surprising what is so fascinating is how they got fat the glucose drinkers got more fat most of the fat they gained was subcutaneous fat so that's the pinchable jiggly fat that you have right beneath the skin now we don't like the way that looks as it jiggles and pimples and dimples and shakes whatever but in fact it's a healthier body fat that is metabolically benign and that's why women can get fatter than men and be healthier than men because women typically have more subcutaneous fat than men do and in thus they have that healthier way of storing fat in contrast the fructose drinkers most of their fat was visceral fat so they were accumulating the same amount of fat as that as the glucose drinkers and yet more of it was in that central part of their body and I don't mean at their belly like belly fat I mean visceral fat in other words the fat that is under the belly under the muscle layer of the belly and surrounding all of the internal organs in the so called visceral space that's why we call a visceral fat so the difference is sort of visually if listeners having hard time kind of appreciating this if a person had a lot of belly subcutaneous fat and that's the fact that's kind of hanging over their belt and they can grab it and pinch it and just shake it around the if they have more visceral fat then they still have a big fat belly yet when you slap it it's hard you know all their fat is underneath their muscle and so they're they still have a big fat belly but it's not kind of dangling down over their belt it's protruding but it's hard you can't really jiggle it and shake it if that makes sense so that's more of the visceral fat and so fruit dose has that kind of double whammy where it's not only making you fat just like glucose is and you would say well the upside is there's no insulin spike and I guess that's the only upside there is no insulin spike because it's making you fat in a way that doesn't need insulin to do it and that's just because the liver is taking in all that fructose turning it into fat and then releasing it to be stored immediately around the liver or in the liver itself all of that visceral fat and how would fructose affect ketogenesis so if it's not going to allow insulin to elevate will influence the livers production of ketones I don't know that is a great question I have no idea and I can I'm trying to my mind is racing to try to speculate and and I can't think of a good way to I don't know then okay well it's something first both to find out and share with each other I'm sure I'm very interested in talking about the cointegration of cortisol and insulin and how those two things coexist and how they influence each other because we live in an obviously chronically stressed Society and I'm I'm the biggest report on the world of learning to manage stress and balance the autonomic nervous system and but the reality is whether it be from exercise or psychological and physiological stress cortisol there and you know when it comes to chronically low insulin diets or ketogenic diets is there any concern with elevated cortisol and not becoming a problem contributing to people having increased belly fat so you know one of the things that I could get a lot from people on the ketogenic diet is a man actually got fatter particularly around the belly have you noticed that at all and is that a concern for people on occasion I thought this dysregulation yeah it's a great question so their cortisol makes the body more insulin resistant that we know very very well and and so as cortisol is inducing insulin resistance in the body that's generally promoting an overall fat gaining situation but also cortisol is unique in that it is at the same time just as it is increasing insulin enhancing the body's ability to store fat it's also altering the levels the the expression the the tissue levels of of an enzyme called lipoprotein lipase which is an enzyme that is helping cells in different parts of the body know where to pull in fact and so as you look at an easy example of this of how lipoprotein lipase can determine where the body stores fat as you look at a little boy and a little girl and they're both a little chubby little boy and chubby little girl like any little kid really is and should be to varying degrees they look the same and however as they start to go through puberty the sex hormones are inducing differential expression of lipoprotein lipase which is why the little boy starts to look like a man and the little girl starts to look like a woman they're not putting fat in the same place and that's because of the different place the different expression in tissues of lipoprotein lipase and cortisol promotes it increases lipoprotein lipase in the trunk of the body so basically from the groin to the head in you know like even though in the face and around the neck and those aren't common places for a body to be gaining a lot of fat and yet that's very readily happening as cortisol is artificially elevated so I mean that's kind of the basics of cortisol and body fat and then with regards to actual cortisol levels on a ketogenic diet Jeff Bullock's group published that cortisol levels don't change in that that is relevant because it seems like it seems like it would because you're thinking well if a person's low carb they need gluconeogenesis to provide the body with sufficient glucose and cortisol is a main way of gluco neo of activating gluconeogenesis that's true it is and so then how is a person getting enhanced gluconeogenesis if cortisol isn't up because I know of a human paper that shows it isn't then it could be through something like glucagon which is another gluconeogenic hormone that's an even even growth hormone is gluconeogenic and there's evidence to suggest that both glucagon and growth hormone are up in carbohydrate restricted states and it could be that there just picking up the slack from cortisol not being elevated and so how then do we explain why someone might be appearing to gain belly fat while going on a ketogenic diet at the risk of of kind of accusing the person of of not being fully honest with themselves I would say in those instances that's probably a person who is adopting a well they think they're adopting the high fat part of a ketogenic diet but not really the low-carb part and again that that is presumptuous of me and to say but if someone is in ketosis like demonstrably in ketosis and it's not because they're taking a lot of MCT or not drinking oil and they're not drinking ketones but it's because they're just sufficiently low-carb that they're in ketosis they say I've never heard of a situation where persons gaining fat let alone well more belly fat specifically I should I should clarify a fat I have seen people gain weight while going a little carb and that is not common but in every instance where I've seen that happen it's because it was a person who was chronically calorie restricting they'd been eating so little for so long that I kind of make the case that their bodies were finally just finishing growing and getting to a healthy body weight lean mass was just finally growing the word wanted to get if only because they were now provided sufficient calories to do so but a person seeming to see a selective increase in belly fat while going on a quote-unquote ketogenic diet I would suspect that they're not in fact doing it like they think they are they may be deceiving themselves or there's just some anomaly but that I would say that is an anomaly and if a person is in ketosis where carbs are sufficiently low we know from at least one human study there is no increase in cortisol and and I don't know how there would be some selective increase in belly fat unless they're somehow maybe taking a lot of fructose and they're getting more visceral fat and and you know that's not a listener staying in ketosis by the sounds of it ketogenic diet is a great solution if I want to live another 150 years do you recommend just never eating carbohydrates again for someone who really wants to live a long life with great focus and you know great energy yeah geez so you know the diplomatic response would be well no that's not feasible and you know we and we don't know the long-term effects of the optimal right if I want to be focused I want to feel like Superman and I never are at least I want to keep disease at arm's length yeah it's you know I mean I would say as a scientist based on the evidence in humans and some of these studies have gone well over a year I would say on these clinical studies and that's pretty remarkable for a clinical study I would say a person will probably live better longer by staying in ketosis than otherwise in any people who want to alway always say oh we don't know the long-term effects of this well we kind of do I mean we have kids that do to seizure concerns we have people that do to migraine concerns you know even as adults with epilepsy concerns etc there's they've been in ketosis for years and and and we've there these are published papers and there's nothing wrong with these people so anytime there's sort of some trumped-up concern of let's say the kidneys are you gonna go ketosis you're gonna damage your kidneys no that's that's not true you know show me the evidence of someone who's doing a low carb high fat version rather than the the exclusively high protein water restricted version that the first ketogenic diets were in order to control epilepsy yep that's uniquely I'm bad for the kidneys but nothing like what we're doing nowadays where we know better I would say that yeah I I think a perky to longevity healthy living is controlling insulin keeping insulin low as often as possible and the fact that that also means you're in a regular Leela political to the point that you're also ketogenic now there's nothing wrong with that there's no downside there do you think there's any any negative effects to the microbiome I know it's not maybe not your greatest area of focus but I'm sure you've heard some implications around to the lack of starch feeding the microbiome and and obviously you didn't ketogenic diet you can be vegetables but any implications there that you know yeah you know I don't in fact the whole microbiome is such a it is such a black box we know so little about this and so whenever I hear even even scientists who study that speaking about speaking with too much authority in that area I kind of start to shake my head because I think it's someone who's going beyond what they know and I don't I don't like doing that personally and and I don't believe the science justifies any really strong statements what I would say is that in nature we have animals that thrive and maintain perfect metabolic health with eating no starch and so I would say that while fiber can certainly feed bacteria and that appears to elicit a generally good microbiome I would make the case that maybe that's only relevant when they're also eating other starches like sugar that if you're not eating any of them maybe your bacteria which which are still there we know that for a fact it's not like the person suddenly loses all their gut bacteria it's there I don't know it's so no ants I don't guess some have an answer it's my long-winded way of saying I don't know but I would make the case that anyone who says they do know you should probably be wary of what they're saying it seems that way we're very very primitive in understanding and you know if you throw glyphosate in there it definitely has a different wrench to the equation so and herbicides and pesticides and all these other things that are shutting us down so I mean I'd love to know a little bit more about exactly how you eat because I think people would be interested like okay this guy's so bright is it exclusively keto is it fasting is it you know are you doing MC T's or doing the exogenous ketones yeah that's a good question so based on my knowledge you know and it's not it's not any sort of inherent intelligence it's just that I have the good fortune of having a job where I get paid to ask questions and that's a wonderful thing so as I've asked questions on how to what and what appears to be optimal for a body and that as I've said repeatedly that appears to be controlling insulin thus how do I control insulin best it is in fact a low carb diet now I am before I am anything else in my life I'm a husband and father that is absolute priority number one and that means sometimes my own priority to maintain a low carb state and controlling my insulin gets trumped by a family obligation so my low carb diet is low carb no doubt however compared to the average people no doubt it's very low carb but I'm not constantly in ketosis I'm regularly in ketosis but not all the time for example this example just comes to mind because it was so recent I went on a little just a date with my 11 year old my little 11 year old daughter and we went out and I went to a play and she then wanted to get ice cream I'm not gonna just sit there and watch my daughter eat ice cream and me not have it with her you know what I mean and so I mean ice cream I love ice cream and yet that that is a particularly wonderful combination of insulin spiking things so I was out of ketosis solidly for a period of time after that and you know what I had no regrets none whatsoever so I'm pretty practical about it but what that means is I also try to find ways to help my family stay in ketosis or or get there get low carb and so as a dad I'm totally in charge of breakfast I make breakfast and it's a combination of bacon and eggs or some little egg muffins or some other almond flour muffins so I just make or almond flour pancakes I make I take some pretty simple steps to help my kids stay low-carb and then I make simple steps to push it a little further for myself but only insofar as it won't have some negative impact on family dynamic you know I'm gonna eat dinner with my family and if there's a way to make it low-carb for me easily then I will like the other night when the kids wanted pizza I ate the toppings and they joke about it they don't care at all that dad doesn't eat the crust I'd the toppings and that's a pretty innocent way of kind of staying low-carb but my kids kind of adopt this you know when we went out to a burger joint the other day I never get a bun with my burgers and they wanted hotdogs and they didn't want the bun on the hotdog they just ate the hotdog and I'm thrilled I'm thrilled to see that cuz a lot nowadays you know most kids just want to eat the bun they don't want to eat that hotdog and in might the rule in my home is you eat your meat first and then you eat whatever else there's vegetables eat that after I don't care about the vegetables I care about the meat so for me a low carb diet is the way I kind of adopted its making sure my breakfast is absolutely low carb all the time if I eat it at all and if there is a meal that I'm going to fast through it's going to be breakfast simply because it's the easiest one and I feel the best doing it I will very rarely fast through dinner simply because that's a family meal and breakfast is we're eating it as a family but you know it's busy enough in the mornings that there's no one really notices my kids don't really care if I'm eating breakfast or not but if I'm not eating dinner with my family you know that's a little more disruptive and so it's either a low carb or no breakfast it is absolutely a low carb lunch and and that can be usually it can be something as simple as a shake that I put together with like powdered cream powdered egg and some way it can be as simple as that or it can be as complicated as a couple hard-boiled eggs some cheese some olives and avocado you know and some pepperoni are some like beef sticks kind of thing I'm something as simple as that for a lunch and then dinner will be what dinner will be and usually that's some mix of meat and vegetables or something like that awesome I've got a great pancake recipe which probably some of yours which is coconut flour then my kids love it yeah we're Elsie oh yeah they taste better than normal pancakes if you ask me if you can if you can mix the you know the ratios of liquid and flour well and make it like base and fluffy they're amazing and you know I have three kids and I make a vehement effort to keep them as low carb as possible while still fuelling their brains you know with as much fat as we can kind of get into them with yes well said well said I honestly think and this is outside my area of expertise so I say this cautiously I believe that one of the main problems with learning disorders or inability to pay attention is that kids brains are starving while they're constantly fretting fed nothing but glucose and being deprived of another fuel and even the building block um neurons I mean cells are made from fat and cholesterol and is we're cutting these things out of the diet that's one of the worst things you can do to a child yeah I don't blame kids for that right like no there have it don't send a chance when they're you know their their brains are just open barter with crappy food and then they get in trouble for not being able to pay attention you know throw them in front of a TV throw them from the computer thaw them fill them full of sugar and then go hey sit go sit down at his desk and try to concentrate and read a book yeah it's like an impossibility right yep that's exactly right I agree completely I think it is absolutely tragic dr. Beckmann I'm truly grateful for all this time and all this wisdom even stilled in us and thank you so much and continue to do awesome things I'd love to have you back in the future as your research continues to expand I could dig deeper into that amazing brain no all hey Ben this was great I had a great time we covered a lot of neat topics hopefully enough for some listeners to take away some good lessons I know everybody's gonna love it thank you so much sir I appreciate your time thanks Ben that's the end of the episode with dr. Benjamin Bickman what'd you guys think I absolutely loved this guy as you heard with the enthusiasm of my voice this guy knows what he's talking about now I know a lot of you are wondering about this insulin thing and is it really that big of a deal and the answer is it depends who are you what is your history look like how hard do you train who are your parents all these different factors play into whether or not you should be consuming massive amounts of carbohydrates which a lot of people our longevity is a big concern of mine and probably yours you're living an awesome life let's extend this thing I'm so minimizing insulin is never gonna be a bad thing it's never gonna cause a problem will eating too much sugar and insulin and cause a problem yes we know that so I'm not a zealot against carbohydrates an insulin but I'm also of the mentality of if I don't need them don't eat them so if I earn it and I trained I crushed it today guess what your body is receptive of this stuff but here's the catch if you're eating carbohydrates and you're not doing it often your body is now flipping between ketones or fuel and glycogen for fuel and that shift back into using ketones for fuel to be honest is painful you're gonna experience some fatigue you're gonna experience a mental fog so here's the catch if you're trying to get really really lean and feel awesome all the time steam ketogenic the hiding 9 percent of the time if you're someone who's trying to push performance realize you're gonna suffer when you're switching back and forth between glucose and ketones for fuel because as soon as your body gets used to using glucose for fuel because you're eating it consistently when you pull it out there's definitely a period and it's arbitrary it's different for everybody where there's gonna be some discomfort when your brain doesn't have the ketones available to it and also doesn't have the glucose because you haven't been eating it so this is the trade-off and you have to make that decision yourself because both of them have pros and both of them have cons so my greatest adaptation is I'll take in my carbohydrates at night so that my brain can use the glucose by the time I wake up in the morning I'm usually back into ketosis again feeling great having the energy for the rest of the day again decisions decisions but I hope you enjoy the podcast with dr. Pigman as much as I did and if you did please leave us a review go see dr. Benjamin Bickman on Instagram on YouTube he's got some great informative videos leave us a review and as always share this podcast with one person I think you should probably show this podcast is more than one person because we all know someone usually our

  Top Comments:
  1. @emanuelalmas1994 [6 likes]: everytime I hear ''thats a very good questions'' I shot myself 10 units of insulin , is that ok?
  2. @motomatta1 [4 likes]: Excellent information, Dr. Benjamin is a wealth of great information 👍🙂
  3. @zachsavoie9885 [4 likes]: Fantastic Interview!
  4. @johncharles9528 [3 likes]: A+ excellent interview. Fascinating.
  5. @moonstrukk126 [2 likes]: Amazing!!! Thanks! Coconut/almond flour pancake recipe please!!😊
  6. @Shawn-hs8qk [2 likes]: Love Ben's work and enjoy his podcasts he does. But 41:24 ,  I disagree 100%  Wish it were otherwise. I function well with Keto. But always gain strength and mass when I add carbs. When I leave keto, even if I go fairly low carb, I gain strength and mass. The guys on YT doing Keto and Carnivore are all on gear or TRT. Again, I wish it were otherwise.
  7. @cutabove9046 [1 likes]: The problem with low carb diets when you're insulin resistant is that you aren't controlling your insulin.  What you're controlling is your blood sugar.  Low carb diets increase insulin resistance at worse and at best it remains the same (if you're very lucky and depending how long you've been insulin resistant).  And that means whatever carbs and protein you do eat will require two to five times more insulin to process those macros than if you weren't insulin resistant.  Look at the older guys on Youtube who are low carbers and have been that way for a couple of decades.  The first time they eat some carbs their blood sugar skyrockets out of sight.  They haven't CURED their insulin resistance.  The goal should be to cure you insulin resistance so that the amount of insulin you need to control the amount of carbs and protein you're eating is just the amount required and no more.  Excess insulin over time will do as much damage to your body as high blood sugar.  Fix the problem, don't just mask it.
  8. @elec3calengr: What is Insulin effects on NAD
  9. @elec3calengr: What is the relation of NRF2 to insulin resistance? Sulforaphane?
  10. @miroslavmarkov5161: Very good questions,Ben!
Thanks for having Dr Bikman! He is full with knowledge! Well done!
  11. @yvonnekiwior9633: Brilliant doctor scientist!
  12. @joane8651: He is so intelligent and helpful as well, love listening to him, and thank you for spending time with him.
  13. @zeroxox777: Bikman, I'm afraid you are just wrong in your thinking about the fact that you can't gain body fat on a ketogenic diet, and relatedly that people who are on keto but gain belly fat aren't watching their carbs. I have been sticking to around 20g/day carbs from the beginning; I am extraordinarily strict - it took me 2 months before I was prepared to put a couple of cherry tomatoes in my salad. I weight train daily and do allot of cycling and walking. Yet I gained fat and especially a little pad of subcutaneous fat on my belly. I was eating minimal protein considering I lift weights, but because of bulletproof coffees and eating to satiety I ate allot of fat. Other possible factors include a previous very high protein, fairly low fat and fairly low carb diet. You go figure. It is definitely possible to put on fat on a keto diet. There's a youtube demonstration of a guy who ate something like 5,ooo kcal per day keto and although his protein was a little higher than usual (something you think doesn't matter), his carbs were ultralow and he gained significant subcutaneous fat. Go figure. You must have something stinking in your thinking.
  14. @ortizma13: @47:00 that makes sense why you can cramp if you workout after eating
  15. @stevencianfarano3540: What a noob. Diabetic shock from taking insulin? Look up the actual data. Some 2% of ATTEMPTED SUICIDE by insulin, these people Actually try, actually died.
  16. @mjacked555: With Benjamin bikman or did you mean hannibal lecter?
  17. @corey513: Great episode!
  18. @mustseebg1688: Can someone answer this .....if I am weight training pretty hard throughout the week, about 195 lbs, 6'2, what should my carbs be at....do I need them only after my workout ? I cant seem to get rid of lower belly fat at all... why is it good to spike insulin after the workout ? But have levels low any other time
  19. @mathardey: million dollar channe but so less sub ........unfair
  20. @a.schnitzer9325: So amazing.

- SHRINK and BURN FAT Cells by Keeping Insulin Low and Overcoming Insulin Resistance | Dr. Ben Bikman: Kind: captions Language: en I think what we've done within the last couple Generations is something that is totally unique in the history of human nutrition which is now for the first time we're getting very high fat and high carbohydrate foods that doesn't exist in nature really with one exception which is milk milk happens to be high in all three macronutrients fat carbohydrate protein that means it's a perfect cocktail for growth but for those of us that are grown you don't get fat and carbohydrate at high levels together and I mentioned protein what we've done is of course strip away the protein because protein is very satiating so it doesn't make sense for a food manufacturer to want to keep the protein in there because that's bad for business because then someone doesn't want to eat as much and protein is expensive and so they can peel that protein off and do something else with it well then that's just another way to make more money carbohydrate and fat in nature would never come at a high level without some protein we're eating foods from bags and boxes with barcodes and that essentially means we're getting high fat high carb low low protein foods and tragically it's the worst kind of carbs which is refined sugars and starches and the worst kinds of fats which are refined seed oils this is a total departure from an ancestral way of eating that we've put ourselves in in very little time I don't even like to say I'm a low carb Advocate I'm a control carb Advocate just be smart about the carbohydrates if you give one group of people a drink that is made up of fructose like a fructose water drink another group is getting a glucose water drink these are two carbohydrates both monosaccharides and they're isocaloric so there's no difference in their calorie consumption they're drinking the exact same amount of calories and the group that's drinking the fructose Solutions are gaining more fat selectively in their visceral fat and relatively Less in their subcutaneous fat that is the exact opposite compared with the glucose drinking group who is growing more subcutaneous fat and relatively less visceral so we can absolute contribute and or reduce the visceral fat that we have by changing our diet and the low-hanging fruit is just drink less fructose when you're drinking sugary sodas or we're drinking fruit juice that is pure fructose in water don't do it so control the fructose that's not the same as eating fruit you'd have to eat a hell of a lot of fruit to get enough fructose to start changing visceral fat accumulation that's not the concern I'm not declaring war on fruit but I am declaring war on fruit juice and other forms of you know highly accessible and highly consumable fructose like sugary sodas when someone goes to bed they're not eating now for the first time in a long time insulin can finally start to come down because it takes several hours after eating for insulin to come down during that period where insulin is at its low or fasting State the body's becoming more insulin sensitive and the body starts going into a more fat burning State because low insulin means higher fat burning when insulin is low metabolic rate is higher to the tune of about 300 calories per day well if you can fast through that period or somehow prolong it either by fasting through breakfast or fasting through dinner by just starting the insulin drop earlier whatever way you do that on either end of the day you've simply prolonged the period of low insulin which means you're enhancing an insulin sensitizing state or allowing insulin to do its job a little better and stay at lower levels but the tragedy is that someone has eaten a big dinner and an evening snack and their insulin takes a long time to come down well right around the time it's coming down they're waking up and wouldn't you know it they're ending they're faster they're breaking their fast with a starchy sugary breakfast it's bagels or cinnamon rolls or toast or cereal or orange juice and that spikes insulin 10 times over where it had been and it takes three hours to come down and right around then they're having their mid-morning snack and then lunch and then afternoon snack in every waking moment is spent in a state of elevated insulin that's a wonderful way to never burn fat for fuel and it's a terrible way to make sure your body is becoming more and more insulin resistant at every moment of the day one of the problems with obesity even not overt obesity but just fat cells that are getting too big even if the person just modestly overweight is that they become pro-inflammatory and this is why weight gain is associated with the subclinical inflammatory state where it's subclinical because it's not like the person's coming in with some raging fever but in fact the inflammatory markers are higher than you would expect in an otherwise healthy person if a body has inflammation then it will become insulin resistant whether it's because the person's fighting an infection whether they have an autoimmune disease it doesn't matter immunity is activated inflammation is up and that means the body starts becoming more insulin resistant and then the insulin would go up as a result of the insulin resistance this molecule nlrp3 if it's activated it will essentially turn on all of the Machinery to produce all of these pro-inflammatory cytokines and initiate immune systems throughout the body now course we need a healthy immune system but you want it to be turned on when it's supposed to be turned on and turned off when it should be turned off fasting is the most effective Rapid Way of lowering insulin when you simply stop eating or drinking energy in calories insulin has no choice but to start to come down if you deprive a fat cell of nutrients it will shrink an alternative way of shrinking a fat cell is lowering insulin so even if you're eating a lot and there's still fat coming in it likely will not match the rate at which the fat is coming out in order to be burned if you're focusing on a low insulin approach it doesn't have to be a hunger-based approach which is very valuable because you can't beat Hunger you got to be satisfied otherwise you'll never stop eating when insulin is low your metabolic rate is higher so let's say you're eating more calories than your body needs well that's okay because you're pushing out more calories than normal when you're making ketones you're also excreting ketones ketones have a caloric value and so if someone's in ketosis and now they're breathing out ketones they are pushing out actual will caloric loaded molecules from their body and these are calories that didn't need to be burned and didn't need to be stored you just wasted them that is how determined the body is to reconcile energy when insulin is low insulin wants to store store so it will slow metabolic rate and it will promote tissue growth that's not a bad thing we need to grow sometimes you know we need insulin I'm not saying it's bad we just don't want it to be high and when it is high we want it to be very quick it's acute it's up and then it's back down

  Top Comments:
  1. @listeningear-u1j [36 likes]: Please please take off the background music, we want to listen to you, for people with poor hearing it is very challenging.
  2. @gelbsucht947 [14 likes]: I did IF 20:4 but didn’t lose any weight on it. It wasn’t intensive enough for my 69-year old, female metabolism. So I switched to 3 x 40 hour fasts a week and have lost 10lbs in 5 weeks. Everyone is different and everyone has a different sweet spot. In addition, after years of struggling to lose weight, I feel as if I have finally found something that I can use for the rest of my life to keep my weight under control.
  3. @omoreno6181 [1 likes]: I reversed my insuline resistant from mild 56 to  6.  Very low carb and not sugar at all.
  4. @apifunctions1095 [1 likes]: I've visited several dieticians and experts and they instead tell me to eat more number of times. It's messed up. I gained more weight because of dieticians than I normally had when I wanted to lose weight. Don't go to dieticians. They're obsolete, mostly either ignorant of your needs or they try to scam you by suggesting diets that make you gain weight so that you keep visiting them!
  5. @Blaire-f2 [1 likes]: His tone and voice in this video plus the music is so soothing.  Just sounds like he cares… ❤
  6. @oldpoet313 [1 likes]: Good review, simplify complex processes 😊
  7. @peterbedford2610: Fat blocks insulin sensitivity. It works!
  8. @marjoriemartinez9973: I feel horrible when i fast in the evening,  i cant sleep
  9. @TulipP-t1t: Why is background music? It’s a scientific knowledge video.
  10. @lettylett1122: ❤
  11. @seagreentangerine2065: ❤I am 54 years old and it took this long to get to this information
❤You can reduce your weight and improve your health, even in perimenopause and menopause
❤Low carb and fasting
❤D3+K2, potassium, Magnesium, Benfotiamine, Ox Bile Salts, Pro Biotics, Liposomal Viramin C, FOLIC ACID
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  12. @denisdennehy4549: I have been a type diabetic for 41 years, you have to eat if your blood sugar is between 3 and 5 when you wake up or else you will have a hypo. You don't have a choice. We don't produce any insulin at all and it is the high blood glucose that does the life long damage.
  13. @jgarza616: Background music is annoying
  14. @sospecial67: A simple, sincere thank you 😊
  15. @AugustLaw7: If insulin makes you fat, why do GLP 1 agonist drugs(that increase insulin release) help people lose weight?
  16. @葉瓊鞠: Dr. Bikman 主張的核心觀點
胰島素水平低時，脂肪細胞必須進行脂肪分解（lipolysis），因為胰島素是脂肪儲存的主要信號，當它降低，就沒有足夠訊號阻止脂肪被釋放 

**脂肪細胞的成長需要雙重條件：**充足的熱量與胰島素信號同時存在。如僅有熱量而無胰島素，脂肪細胞不會變大 
肥胖的主要形式為脂肪細胞的肥大（hypertrophy），而非數量增加（hyperplasia）。肥大型細胞更易引發胰島素阻抗與發炎反應 
❤❤脂肪細胞的壽命大約 10 年，成人減重主要靠縮小脂肪細胞體積而非減少數量，因此即使瘦下來，脂肪細胞仍可復胖 

如何實際應用？
控制碳水化合物量，優先攝取蛋白質與健康脂肪，讓胰島素保持較低狀態。例如 Bikman 自己在早餐與午餐十分嚴格，晚餐採靈活策略以維繫社交需求 

低胰島素飲食即可促進脂肪細胞縮小、提升代謝與腦功能，並有助於啟動自噬作用（autophagy） 

控制胰島素是長期持續減脂的可行策略，相較於單純拮抗熱量策略，Bikman 認為它更可行、更容易維持 

相較抽脂手術（liposuction），透過生活方式改變減重（如飲食、運動）在改善代謝健康方面更有效 
。

總結重點
主旨	解釋
保持低胰島素	脂肪細胞無法儲存脂肪，必須釋出脂肪。
必要雙重條件	胖細胞變大需熱量與胰島素共同作用。
肥胖形態	肥大比脂肪細胞增多更常見，也更具危害性。
減脂方式差異	飲食／生活方式減脂優於抽脂術帶來的改善。
可行策略	優先蛋白質與脂肪、控碳調整飲食與生活型態。
  17. @葉瓊鞠: 必要雙重條件	胖細胞變大需熱量與胰島素共同作用。
The meaning:


這句話的意思是：

脂肪細胞要「變大」（儲存更多脂肪），必須同時滿足 兩個條件：

有多餘的熱量（吃的能量超過消耗，才有多的養分可存起來）。

有胰島素信號存在（胰島素就像「存錢指令」，告訴脂肪細胞把能量變成脂肪存起來）。

如果只有其中一個條件，例如：

熱量很多但胰島素低 → 身體傾向燃燒而非存脂肪。

胰島素高但熱量不足 → 沒有足夠的能量存起來，細胞也不會變大。

💕💕👌👌~~~~換句話說，高熱量 + 高胰島素 才是讓脂肪細胞「膨脹」的組合。

high fat+highcarbs=高熱量 + 高胰島素


對，就是這個概念。

高脂肪 → 提供大量熱量（脂肪的熱量密度很高，每克約 9 大卡）。

高碳水化合物 → 刺激胰島素分泌（尤其是精製澱粉與糖）。

當 高脂肪 + 高碳水 同時存在時，等於同時滿足了 Dr. Bikman 說的 「高熱量 + 高胰島素」 兩大條件 → 脂肪細胞就會快速「吃飽喝足」並變大。

這也是為什麼許多現代加工食品（像炸雞、薯條、甜甜圈）特別容易致胖——它們本質上就是高脂+高碳水的組合陷阱。
  18. @Joe98-g4i: I eat insulin for breakfast, dinner and supper😂
  19. @maxmarrero-369: You don't need insulin to be fat.  Insulin to get fat  Is a myth.
  20. @graemestephens1894: thats good explaining why . What about a plan ,with times etc..

- Insulin Slows Your Fat Cells’ Metabolism w/ Ben Bikman: Kind: captions Language: en insulin is slowing down the rate at which the mitochondria are working in a fat cell essentially priming that fat pump to store energy rather than use it and in contrast if insulin is low and arguably ketones elevated that is stimulating the metabolic rate so it's pushing this fat cell to shift its characteristic of wanting the store energy to actually using it not just using it but wasting it it's burning through fat and even glucose just for the sake of producing heat which is chemically speaking in evidence of an inefficiency but of course in our calorie rich environment what we would call an inefficiency ends up being a huge blessing because it's helping the body have another outlet for all the energy that it's taking in [Music] thanks for joining us is a great time come next year for the party in Santa Barbara hey friends welcome back to metabolic el summit we're at the last day here and been Bickman just got off the stage dr. Ben McMahon and you gave an amazing talk all about how insulin affects our metabolic rate and a few things that really popped out for me dr. Ben is how in type 1 diabetics their metabolic rate is roughly do you say 30% faster pre insulin treatment which it ends up being 300 calories so about 20% in these people yesterday detected that there was a 300 calorie difference from where they should have been and then once they gave them insulin therapy didn't metabolic rate then matched what they expected and that was this swing of 300 calories so pretty powerful shift yeah now if we can break down kind of what I know you talked about this and you have a book coming out in July later this summer that's gonna expand more on this but how is insulin slowing or affecting metabolic rate in this way yes so there are likely multiple mechanisms but the one that we have pointed a finger at from my lab with the paper last year looking at insulin and a follow-up paper this year looking at ketones it's that there's a change in the fat cell mitochondria and specifically insulin is slowing down the rate at which the mitochondria are working in a fat cell essentially priming that fat pump to store energy rather than use it and in contrast if insulin is low and arguably ketones elevated that is stimulating the metabolic rate so it's pushing this fat cell to shift its characteristic of wanting the store energy to actually using it not just using it but wasting it it's burning through fat and even glucose just for the sake of producing heat which is chemically speaking in evidence of an inefficiency but of course in our calorie rich environment what we would call an inefficiency ends up being a huge blessing because it's helping the body have another outlet for all the energy that it's taking in this is amazing stuff so what I heard you say right there is that cells can kind of adopt different personalities based upon their hormonal or metabolic environment and I think that doesn't really get talked about in the calories in calories out conversation when it comes to weight loss and this is how why hormones are they yeah yeah absolutely my hope is that this idea of acknowledging the evidence that hormones insulin being among the top if not the top in controlling metabolic rate that this introduces a bit more of a nuance where there are these maybe two camps although I would argue the calorie and calorie out camp is far more dogmatic and refuses to acknowledge the other but then the other one being that it's just about insulin I I argue really that it's much it's just more nuanced than that certainly energy intake matters energy output matters hormones just tell the body what to do with energy including whether to store it or to burn it or to just won't waste it fascinating stuff so one last thing that you talked about is how insulin causes the fat cells to actually enlarge what are the consequences of that yeah so there are studies to show that at the actual site of insulin injection in diabetics the fat cells can be roughly five times the size of a normal fat cell as the fat cell is expanding in a way kind of beyond its borders it looses ready access to capillaries so getting the oxygen that it needs in particular becomes a problem just because the cell is just too big and we can't we can't have that gas diffusion taking in the oxygen and pushing off the co2 as the fat cell becomes hypoxic so the deficiency of oxygen it then becomes inflammatory and so and insulin resistant so it starts releasing inflammatory proteins called cytokines and it starts releasing free fatty acids even when insulin is trying to tell the fat cell to keep the free fat and the fat now it's leaking it in that combination of increased cytokines and increased free fatty acids then eventually starts to share this insulin resistance throughout the body so while a fat cell may be one of if not the first cell to fall the others quickly follow so it's like dominoes and once it starts it's just hard to kind of take that back and I'm sure in your book that comes out later there's some are you're gonna talk more about that what's the title of the book and where can people learn more about it yeah thanks Mike the title of the book is why we get sick and it's available for sale pre-order now anywhere books are sold and the official release date is July 21 so be prepared to be schooled my gosh I'm super excited about this and I know everyone was taking pictures of that which is awesome because you're I mean in terms of podcast guests that all these different people have and videos on the internet you're one the most popular because then you have a really unique wave like breaking things down so simply so people can remember this and then translate that message to the people that need to hear it so I just people love your work I love your work I'm grateful that you're here keep it up really appreciate you well thanks so much awesome thanks for tuning in friends hope you enjoyed this video please share it with a friend or family member that would benefit from learning more about how insulin affects their metabolic rate BAM all right

  Top Comments:
  1. @whosafeard8131 [9 likes]: When this guy speaks it's so very wise to listen. Much appreciated Mike!
  2. @Highintensityhealth [6 likes]: You seriously have to join MHS May 2021 in Santa Barbara, CA it's going to be amazing!!  https://metabolichealthsummit.com
  3. @frankiefernandez5252 [2 likes]: I feel a Thermal effect when I'm lifting weights in ketosis. My whole body just gives off insane heat. I feel like a human furnace. Only happens when I have no carbs or depleted the carbs.
  4. @carmenb3059 [2 likes]: I appreciate your knowledge, thank you for sharing.
  5. @CrumbleLives [1 likes]: Ben is great as is Paul Mason.
  6. @etfremd [1 likes]: Hey Mike great video! Can't wait for the book. Here is a video idea...can you lower insulin by taking melatonin and wearing a sleep mask? Thus speeding up metabolism.
  7. @rainy6192 [1 likes]: Thank u Mike
  8. @getter_done [1 likes]: Another fantastic interview with Ben Bikman..  💕 Thanks Mike.
  9. @hanknelson3231 [1 likes]: Burn it, waste it, don't store it.
  10. @ellenka22 [1 likes]: I really wanted to attend the Metabolic Health Summit. It literally hurt not to be able to go!!!! Thank you for these clips. I’m totally getting his book too! 😊
  11. @p.a.russell4210 [1 likes]: If Captain Picard ate meat, he'd be Ben Bikman.
  12. @mimiedwards7791 [1 likes]: Both my fave guys
  13. @Mlmtlvshsglany: Due for another solid interview between these two
  14. @bec7506: Off topic question:  is taking food grade hydrogen peroxide ok to promote health???  Please snd thanks
  15. @thekilla42: What's the deal with that chemo patient ?
  16. @conz000: Can't wait to check out his new book. Some cutting edge science from Dr. Bikman and his team!
  17. @DonyaLane: A six-minute KNOWLEDGE BOMB!
  18. @seymau5974: This is awesome information.  Thanks for being a great teacher.  Looking forward to hearing more about keto summit.
  19. @akhtarhossain5301: Your channel is shadow banned, I don't see your videos on my feed🤔
  20. @crushingt1d: Do you have a link to the pre-treatment Type 1 Diabetic study? "They detected that there was a 300 calorie difference from where they should have been..."

- Insulin Resistance, Ketosis and Chronic Disease with Dr Ben Bikman: Kind: captions Language: en Well, hey everybody. Welcome back to the Dr. Jocker's Functional Nutrition podcast. Guys, I'm excited about today's interview. I've got Dr. Ben Bickman here. He's a professor of physiology and developmental biology at BYU and he's author of Why We Get Sick, The Hidden Epidemic at the Root of Most Chronic Disease and How to Fight It. Really great book, guys. If you want to dive into insulin, insulin resistance, ketones, inflammation. I mean, this is a powerful book. Lots of really great content, a lot of great diagrams and images. Uh absolutely love the book. And so, uh Dr. Ben's research focuses on molecular mechanisms that mediate the disruption that causes and accompanies metabolic disorders, things like obesity, type 2 diabetes, and dementia. Driven by his academic training, he has a PhD in bioenergetics and a post-doctoral fellowship at the metabolic disorders. He's currently exploring the contrasting roles of insulin and ketones as key drivers of metabolic function. He frequently publishes his research in peer-reviewed journals, presents at international science meetings. A lot of really good content on Dr. Bickman at uh on YouTube that you can find as well. And I'm excited to have you on the on the uh podcast today, doctor. David, thanks so much. Uh I'm thrilled uh to be here. Glad to talk about anything metabolism and I I hope the listeners find some gems they can take away with. Yeah, uh absolutely. Well, I loved your book. And so, let's talk start with that. What inspired you to write it? Yeah, thank you. The book was really an effort for me to highlight what I believed to be um something we were overlooking in medicine. And that was that that so much of these diseases that we are all worried about, far from being each a completely distinct and separate disorder, were were mostly either entirely or to to some large degree actually derived from one common problem, in fact a metabolic problem, namely insulin resistance. So, really the book the purpose then, having said that, is to kind of lay out, make the case for insulin resistance as being relevant um in any discussion or any any queries into into health uh where uh so essentially uh explaining what is insulin resistance and and why does it matter. So, what are all the diseases that that come from it and including several that you just uh mentioned. And then follow up with that looking at the causes of insulin resistance. So, where is it coming from? Why is it the most common uh metabolic problem in the world? What is it about our environment that's got us here? And then the last third of the book is the solutions part, the what to do about it. So, basically from from front to end, someone will come away with an understanding of what is this most common health problem and why and how is it so relevant to every other chronic disease. And then from a from a practical standpoint, my hope is that someone would read the book and then have a different understanding with regards to their own health. They may look in their medicine cabinet and see that they're taking a distinct medication for their blood pressure, a distinct medication for their migraines, a distinct medication for their infertility, and then realize after having read the book, each of these is a symptom or a manifestation of one common problem, and that one common problem is best treated not by any medication, but by lifestyle changes because indeed insulin resistance, the most common health disorder, is derived is is a is a result of lifestyle. So, the way we eat or live is either going to be hurting us or helping us. That's a really great explanation. And so, let's start by talking about what insulin is, what kind of role it plays in the body, and how insulin resistance develops over time. Yeah, so insulin itself is a small little hormone that is made from our the pancreas in our bodies. And everyone is making insulin unless you're a type 1 diabetic. The disease in type 1 diabetes is the loss of those cells that make insulin. So, that's what insulin is. It's a small little hormone just flowing through our our blood. It importantly, there are insulin receptors on literally every single cell in our bodies. Every every type of blood cell, red and white blood cells, every type of cell in our joints, in our bones, our liver, brain, you name it. Every one of those cells has an insulin receptor. And an insulin receptor is essentially a small little docking site on the surface of a cell. And insulin as it's flowing past these cells, it will come and bind onto that receptor and then tell the cell to do something. Now, whatever that something is depends on the cell. So, one of the most common perspectives with regards to insulin is to look at it strictly through the lens of glucose control. And that's that's relevant, no doubt. If glucose is going up, the body cannot tolerate elevated glucose for too long. Indeed, it becomes lethal. It is dangerous to the body. And so, insulin comes up and it starts to push the glucose, so to speak, from the blood into the body cells, most especially muscle cells and fat cells. Indeed, muscle is the main consumer of that glucose uptake as insulin starts to pushing it into the muscle. So, that's one of the main features of insulin without a doubt, but to only look at insulin through the lens of glucose control is really unfair to insulin because it does so much more with regards to maintenance of of nerve structure, the production of myelin on neurons, the the maintenance of muscle and bone mass and joint function, brain energy utilization. There's so much that insulin does throughout the body that that we just we need to appreciate its role beyond glucose. That's another outcome of the book in a way. It is to just appreciate the incredible amount of processes or or cellular events that insulin has its hand in. And then, as we look at that uh move from the context of healthy insulin functioning or the insulin sensitive body to insulin resistance, this term that you and I have both mentioned now a few times. Um insulin resistance is best understood in in a disease state, you know, a clinical state as really being a function of two things. One is that insulin isn't working quite the same way as it used to throughout the body. So, some of its signaling at certain cells is is altered. But, in some ways the signaling is unaltered and it continues to signal perfectly fine. But, that becomes itself problematic in light of the second problem of insulin resistance, which is hyperinsulinemia. El- Insulin is elevated in insulin resistance. So, that high insulin the com- combined with insulin not quite working the same way in all the body cells, that creates the two pillars of insulin resistance as we know it in a clinical setting. Yeah, and and so basically, you know, one other element with insulin is when we have uncontrolled blood sugar, we end up getting these glycation end products. And so insulin basically helps prevent that's really toxic to the body. So those high Yeah, yes. Yeah, so it protects us from high blood sugar, which again, those glycation end products, advanced glycation end products, those AGEs, damage our kidneys like shrapnel going through the bloodstream, uh damage the kidneys and nerves, right? All those different areas. And so you got to have that the right amount of insulin output to help regulate that in the system. Yes, that's exactly right. Yeah, well said. That that is an appropriate consideration when we look at the pathological side of too much glucose. Um insulin, lest anyone misunderstand me, insulin is absolutely essential um in any number of ways, in so many processes, and even in the context of just maintaining glucose, it does prevent um that that hyperglycemia-mediated problems like these formation of the advanced glycation end products, which are very relevant in in in chronic hyperglycemia, very likely explaining much of the pathologies that we see with with um neural um problems and blood flow problems like that which accompanies type 2 diabetes very typically. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Let's talk about the difference between being a fat burner and being a sugar burner. Let's go into that. Mhm. Yeah, yeah, uh that's something I I really always enjoy highlighting because too few people appreciate um human metabolism in its kind of hybrid glory. And and you touched on this, human metabolism is basically fueled by well, two main sources of energy, glucose or or blood sugar and fat. And at any moment the body is obtaining virtually all of its energetic needs from a mix of those two fuels. And insulin is what dictates the fuel use. So, when someone has eaten a meal, a mixed macronutrient meal, that it contains starches and sugars, insulin will spike, and that will dictate that the body shifts to sugar-burning mode, so to speak. And much of the body's energetic needs will be met almost wholly by blood sugar. In contrast, after that meal has we've digested it, we've absorbed it, a few hours later, insulin has now come back down, and now the body shifts away from sugar burning and now starts to rely on fat burning. And And that again happens because insulin has come down. Now, that shift that happens, going freely from sugar burning to fat burning in in in the midst of transitioning from a fed state to a fasted state, respectively, that is a phenomenon referred to as metabolic flexibility. And that's a good healthy state, the ability to shift between energy fuel use based on what you've eaten, because you are, after all, you you burn what you eat. And that is reflected in this in the changes with insulin. You eat starches and sugars, you go to sugar-burning mode. You aren't eating starches and sugars or you're eating a low-carb diet, you go to fat-burning mode. And that is metabolic flexibility. That happens when someone is insulin sensitive, because when they eat that starch and the sugar and the insulin comes up, give them a couple hours and the insulin has come back down, because it did its job, one of its jobs, it cleared the glucose from the blood, and as glucose went back to normal, so too does insulin, and and then it's done. In an insulin-resistant person, their insulin is chronically elevated, and let alone when they eat a starch or sugar, then it's bumped up even higher and it stays higher for 4 hours. And that whole time, they are stuck in sugar-burning mode. So, you can imagine someone who's trying to lose weight, they're trying to lose fat. It's not going to happen if insulin is chronically elevated because they And then this mind you, I'm presenting this I'm I'm discussing this in a very kind of superficial way. There's more nuance than what I'm I'm strictly highlighting. But uh there's enough truth here that there's value. If someone hopes to lose fat mass, they cannot do it if they're stuck in sugar-burning. They have to at least have some moments of the day when they're in fat-burning. And that's that's why I am I I hate I don't want to get us too far ahead of ourselves, but that's why I'm an advocate of I I guess I'll say dietary or lifestyle approaches that help the body lower insulin. The more we live in a state of low insulin, the healthier we're going to be. And frankly, evidence suggests that the longer we're going to live, too, insofar as insulin and insulin sensitivity is one of the strongest um common factors across the longest-lived humans. Yeah, that's some really important information there, guys. He talked about how when insulin's elevated, you're not going to be able to burn fat. It turns off your fat-burning switch. And you've got to be able to burn fat for fuel in order to obviously, you know, be at your optimal weight, but also to really feel good and have all-day energy, um have great brain function. You've got to be able to turn on that fat-burning switch. So, really key. Let's talk about the role that insulin plays in inflammation, as well, because when you have elevated insulin, it activates inflammatory pathways, as well. Yeah, so that is actually a two-way um road, where you have both elevated insulin um switching the inflammatory profile of immune cells, um making them more inclined to release pro-inflammatory proteins, cytokines, and then thus increasing inflammation throughout the body. But you So, that goes that direction, insulin resistance to exacerbating inflammation, but it also goes the other way where if someone just has a purely inflammatory response, that will then drive insulin resistance. And we see this in autoimmune diseases, and this is an example I highlight in the book, but you can take humans who have rheumatoid arthritis, which is this autoimmune destruction of joint tissue. And and like any autoimmune disease, there are active and and um I guess inactive phases. So, when the disease is really rampant, their joints are really inflamed and hurting, and then it will subside. During those same peaks and troughs of the immune responses, you can track this almost identical shift in insulin sensitivity that when the disease is active, this autoimmune inflammatory disease, insulin resistance is up. And then when the disease subsides, so too does insulin resistance, and they just shift back to being more insulin sensitive. And so, there indeed that is one of the relevant, one of the pillars of chronic insulin resistance, it is inflammation. Without a doubt, chronic inflammation is one of the causal variables of long-term clinically relevant insulin resistance. Um but that's not quite what you asked. So, yes, um insulin resistance can drive poor immune function, and that's relevant because if your cells are chronically you know, there's there's good inflammation and bad inflammation, and by that I mean that uh you need some of these inflammatory mediators in order to heal. Like normal recovery is is an inflammatory process, and so we don't want to try to ever shut down inflammation in general. That would be actually lethal. We need to have it happen, but we don't want it up all the time. And if someone is following a lifestyle that's keeping their insulin up, it making insulin resistance, that's going to be exacerbating inflammation throughout the body. And then again, it can go the other way as well. So, it starts to feed It's a vicious cycle. Yeah, that's really interesting. That vicious cycle. So, if somebody's having aggravated rheumatoid arthritis or whatever their issue is, it's just going to continue to feed and feed and feed because that insulin's being provoked. And then you know, when I when I think about, in a sense, kind of from a, you know, uh like an evolutionary type standpoint, when I think about why insulin's elevated, like basically when we eat, we're taking in insulin, I think about our ancestors were taking a lot of food with pathogens on it. And so, insulin, you know, basically inflammation's there to help keep us from dying from, uh you know, some sort of chronic infection, systemic infection that gets into our system. And so, when we eat, we're taking in this higher pathogen load, so now the body's producing more insulin, activating more inflammatory molecules to to to to protect us from some sort of bacterial, some sort of pathogen getting into our bloodstream. Would you agree with that? Yeah. Yeah, I would. In fact, yeah, I think that's a good explanation. I would also add, um one of the very unappreciated roles of LDL cholesterol, the the cholesterol-containing and triglyceride-containing lipoprotein that with LDL, Yeah. it is it it it is very, very involved in immunity. And what's so interesting is that someone's eating a meal and their LDL cholesterol climbs, perhaps, if we look at it through the lens of the context that you just presented, that the body's helping reconcile any pathogens that be may be making their way from the guts into the blood. LDL will physically bind pathogens, take them to the liver, and dump them into the bile to be excreted through the through the intestines. And so, one of the far unappreciated aspects, greatly unappreciated aspects of LDL, is its role in immunity. And it is meaningful. In fact, anyone curious about this, go to PubMed or Google Scholar and just type in immune and LDL, and you'll immediately start getting a lot of hits. In fact, to the point that there are some scientists, biomedical scientists, that think that looking at LDL cholesterol in the context of heart health is is actually the incorrect paradigm that the role of LDL in immunity is the one that should be given more attention. Well, that's really fascinating. I always thought of LDL as like a bus carrying vitamin A, phospholipids, coenzyme Q10. I think that's In functional medicine, that's how we look at it, typically as more of this bus that's bringing all these vital nutrients out to the cell membranes to help enhance healing. But I never actually I I didn't know that it actually binds to pathogens and brings them back to the liver to dump them in the bile. So, that's really fascinating, making LDL even more important. I always tell clients I'm more concerned about very low LDL than I am very high LDL. And good for you. Yeah. And let's let's talk about the different patterns. So, let's go into like lipid profiles. Most of the listeners are familiar with that, LDL, HDL, triglycerides. Let's talk about the importance of those and how you can look at that and see signs of insulin resistance, too. Yeah. Yeah, so before I mention that, David, I just can't help it. I have to just mention the relevance of LDL in immunity is is in fact very relevant at the moment. Um I don't know how how explicit we can be here, but the the some of the best data from from China shows that people with the highest susceptibility to COVID-19 infections are those with the lowest cholesterol levels and LDL levels, yeah. And those with the highest LDL are the least likely to have COVID-19 problems. So, this is very timely um for people to to appreciate. And now now they can put it in in perspective a little bit understanding that LDL is so related to immunity. Even in the midst of this global concern, LDL could be a hero rather than a villain. So, with regards to insulin resistance and metabolic um signals or or patterns, uh there are a few things to mention and and and you mentioned the word pattern. Understanding the so-called pattern of LDL is one way to help us know really um appreciate some of the nuance of LDL. I like your perspective in in your interaction with patients being more worried about low LDL. That's the perspective that I very much share. Part of the problem with the data on LDL and it being such a terrible predictor of heart disease, some studies suggesting that it's totally irrelevant, some studies suggesting that it might be relevant, it could be that just looking at LDL number completely misses this deeper level of understanding which is the the pattern so-called of LDL. So, LDL can manifest in in varying um width or or or diameters, size in other words, volume. And a a larger more buoyant LDL commonly called pattern A, that is much less associated with um formation of atherosclerotic plaques and heart disease. In contrast, a small dense LDL is a pattern B, that's much more associated with atherosclerosis and heart disease. Now, what's interesting is that as much as we look at LDL as being manipulated through dietary fat, that isn't going to be the main variable that changes the pattern of the LDL. And this has been done Volek and Phinney, some of the legendary low-carb scientists, they found that they could take people who were LDL pattern B, the the the apparently more atherogenic form of LDL, and push them towards pattern A by by cutting the carbs and focusing more on fat. It it made it made the LDL more buoyant and less we suppose more less atherogenic. So, that's one nuance of LDL that's commonly lost. If someone's looking at their LDL number from a conventional blood panel after a doctor's visit, they won't know what type of LDL they have. It's very rarely measured, but you can do it. Now, if someone wants to get an idea of their LDL pattern, then they can look at two other lipid markers that have value beyond the LDL pattern. They can also even indicate insulin resistance, and that is the triglycerides and the HDL cholesterol. If someone, anyone listening, go look at your blood panel, and if it's in in the units would have to be milligrams per deciliter to do this, but it's if your if your triglycerides divided by your HDL cholesterol is lower than about 1.5, that's a good sign. Mhm. That means two things, that you're likely more of an LDL pattern A and that you're likely insulin sensitive. In contrast, if your triglyceride number divided by your HDL number is higher than around 1.5, that's a bad sign. You're likely more pattern B LDL and you're likely insulin resistant. Yeah, it's a good analysis. So, basically, if your HDL, you know, typically you're looking at that over 50. You want that to be over 50. Um and let's say your your triglycerides were 75, your HDL was 60. That would be a good ratio because that's less than 1.5 as opposed to if your triglycerides were and your HDL was 60. Now that's, you know, like a 2.5 ratio, triglyceride HDL ratio. It's a sign of insulin resistance there. So That's exactly right. That's well said. So the I I say that's the the triglyceride HDL ratio. It really is predictive. It does have a lot of value and it's something that almost everyone gets from every blood test so it can kind of be the poor man's method of of killing two birds with one stone. You get a better idea of your heart disease risk and second, you get a better idea of your insulin sensitivity. Yeah, for sure. Now let's talk about and you you went into detail on how insulin resistance impacts hypertension. Let's talk a little bit about that, how it impacts our ability to, you know, basically retain or excrete sodium and everything else that goes on with the the pathogenesis of high blood pressure. Yeah, yeah. In fact, that connection is so strong that if someone has hypertension, like typical hypertension where there's no known aggravating cause, you know, there's no like obvious endocrine defect or or kidney defect. I I it is I I submit it's a very safe bet insulin resistance is the cause of most instances of primary hypertension, which is the most common form of hypertension. So anyone listening if they have hypertension, it's probably insulin resistance. And and to you and to your point, and I of course elaborate in much greater detail in the book than I will right now, but insulin resistance has a a really phenomenal and even broad effect on on causing hypertension um from from of the kidneys and even including the nature of the blood vessels themselves, that that the caliber, the the width or diameter of the blood vessels. But, high insulin will stimulate the a different hormone called aldosterone to be over secreted or overproduced. And aldosterone tells the kidneys to retain salt. Like what like you said, and then where salt goes, water goes. So, the person is basically they're they they have too much water in their blood. And if they have too much water, that means the volume of their blood is too high. And as volume goes up of of blood, then pressure follows it. That's just fundamental physics. So, the pressure is higher just because they have too much water. And and the kidneys are just waiting to dump this water, but they can't because insulin won't let them. But, this phenomenon is is so um acute that someone can lower their insulin by just making dietary changes within just 1 day, and they will find that their blood pressure will go down. Their their systolic blood pressure, the first number, it'll go down like 10 or 20 points in a day just by following a diet that will lower their insulin. And and so, that's a very rapid effect. Another one I'll mention is that insulin will increase insulin resistance will not allow insulin to um facilitate the dilation of blood vessels. So, in a normal blood vessel, insulin one of its one of its effects, and there are many, insulin will come to the blood vessel wall, and it will bind the the what's called the endothelial cells, the cells that are the innermost cells lining the blood vessel. And it will induce the production of a of a molecule called nitric oxide. And this little molecule will then cause the smooth muscle around the blood vessel to relax, and then the blood vessel will dilate. It'll get bigger. And of course, as that volume expands, then the pressure will start to go down cuz there's just, you know, it's a it's a larger garden hose, you know, but we're not putting any more water through it, no more blood through it. And now, however, in insulin resistance, those endothelial cells become insulin resistant. And so, insulin is not as capable at inducing vasodilation. And so, when blood vessels should have dilated, now they stay constricted. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So, they lose that elasticity that they should have, which is going to cause the blood pressure to go up. And you know, typically in our society, when people have high blood pressure, they're told to be on a low salt diet. They're not really getting to the root cause. They're trying to treat it downstream cuz it's not a salt issue. It's an insulin issue. So, we need on a low insulin diet, like you were talking about, will actually help the kidneys to be able to get rid of that extra water. And often times, you know, when people go on a ketogenic diet, low-carb diet, or when they get when they're fasting, they actually need to take in more salt. They need to be a little bit more intentional about getting the electrolytes cuz their body starts losing and and excreting so much of it. In fact, David, I'll add to that. There one of the unintended consequences of this kind of broad-scale war on salt is that when you restrict salt, you can actually cause insulin resistance. This is a phenomenon documented in humans. When when you're restricting salt so heavily, salt is so essential to human function that the kidneys are going to start doing anything they can to conserve whatever salt we have in our blood at the moment. And one of the mechanisms the kidneys will do, one of the one of the processes the the body will utilize is increasing insulin to increase kidney salt retention. So, it insulin's helping the kidneys get more miserly because in this case, the body is desperately holding on to whatever salt it can and that chronic increase in insulin will start to drive insulin resistance because chronically elevated insulin is arguably the most fundamental cause of insulin resistance. So, my point being one of the unintended consequences of salt restriction is actually causing insulin resistance. Yeah, for sure. And let's talk about what insulin does inside of a cell in particular the mitochondria. When we have high levels of insulin, how is that going to impact our mitochondria health? And and for the listeners, mitochondria what produce the energy within every cell of your body and you can eat a diet that helps helps your body actually to get rid of bad mitochondria and helps helps you create new healthy really dynamic mitochondria. But you can also eat a diet like most people in our society are doing that actually damages the mitochondria, makes it less efficient and um and and aggressively ages your body. So, let's talk a little bit about that. Yeah, you bet. Yes, so the mitochondria are the so-called powerhouse of the cell and and what what is important in that idea is that mitochondria are the site of burning energy, burning nutrients like fat and glucose and ketones and and lactate which are other fuels actually for cells. Um but uh mitochondria have I like you used the word dynamics. Mitochondria do have a life and a cycle. These are parts of a cell that are very fluid where they they come together and they they pull apart. Insulin prevents chronically Well, I should say insulin itself is necessary for normal mitochondrial production and function. We need to have some insulin. But insulin resistance and the chronically elevated insulin prevents that dynamic um cycling of mitochondria. And I like what you mentioned a moment ago where uh mitochondria get old. Uh one the the process whereby the cell replaces old parts of itself and makes new parts of itself is called autophagy. Mhm. So, some one of the key ways to help our cells maintain optimal function and then by extension our body is to help insulin be low enough, at least from time to time, that the cells can go through autophagy. Because insulin is is probably the most powerful inhibitor of autophagy. So, when insulin is up, autophagy has stopped. And that would include the cell kind of digging, burning through it old mitochondria to replace it with new mitochondria. So, we can't we we we don't want that process to be inhibited. Uh one of the keys to longevity is autophagy. At least we know this from other animal and and and insect models, and we can only assume that the same thing holds for humans. And that is all more to my point that the key to long healthy living is keeping insulin low. Much of that is likely that we aren't inhibiting autophagy constantly. But the reason, David, that's so relevant because the average person, and you mentioned this you alluded to this a moment ago, doesn't let that happen like ever. Uh because they they wake up in the morning and right in the morning insulin has finally come down overnight. And it has been able to just hum along at its kind of fasting baseline levels. But the average person, one, they ate way too late into the night, you know, they eat around up to 10:00 or 11:00 o'clock. And so, they have a very, very limited window of when insulin is finally been able to come down. But let's just say it was able to come down. Unfortunately, the average American then immediately stops that from happening and it immediately we shut off autophagy because we start this never-ending well, this this daily I should say spike of insulin where they wake up and they immediately break that fast with a bowl of sugary junk or toast or bagels or orange juice or or whatever. But it's it's this sh- sugary starchy bonanza and that just starts this insulin cycle that basically goes the rest of the day because they've been told eat a high-carb diet and eat six times a day. Eat six meals or snacks per day. And so they eat that crappy breakfast at 7:00 or 8:00 a.m. And then a couple hours later they're ready for their mid-morning snack and that's going to be junk. Then they're ready for lunch and their afternoon snack. But basically they're living every waking moment with elevated insulin and that has I mean among many, many consequences, they will be inhibiting autophagy all the time. And they will be in sugar-burning mode all day. Which is tragic because that's when metabolic rate itself is higher. The body's energetic demands are much, much higher while we're awake than they are while we're sleeping. And so let that be fueled by fat. Let fat fuel much of of our of our daily activity and our daily exercise or just living. Let fat be the fuel for that. And if insulin is elevated every waking moment, you can't touch your fat. You're sugar-burning the whole time. Yeah, I'm totally with you on that. I think about it. I'm 38 now and when I was 19 years old, I was a personal trainer 19, 20 and I was eating six meals a day and just uh I thought I had to do it to maintain my muscle mass. And so I would have a protein shake before I went to bed. I'd wake up in the morning, have the you know, the big bowl of uh you know, Quaker Oatmeal Squares with milk and blueberries and peanuts in it and really literally eating every three to four hours and I had constant brain fog, fatigue, uh joint pain, um terrible delayed onset muscle soreness after I'd work out. Like I was it was pretty bad for for a day or two. Now at 38, I eat one or two meals a day, all day energy, really great mental clarity, um very little delayed onset muscle soreness even though I'm working very intensely when I work out, and I just feel great, you know? And so and and I'm twice the age. So it's just a sign that my body is much better at autophagy, like you were saying, the self-eating process. It's so much better at repairing itself and running more efficiently. And you know the biggest change I noticed was in the brain. We have, I believe, something like 10,000 mitochondria per neuron in our brain. I think it's like 1 to 2,000 per muscle cell and about 5,000 per heart cell. I believe that's that's about the the right range. So Sounds good to me. Yeah, when you're taking good care of your mitochondria, often times you notice that in your brain. And I've heard that um that uh Alzheimer's disease is actually a disease and we call that, you know, type 3 diabetes. It's it's associated with insulin resistance. I've also heard it's an inability for the brain to go through a process of autophagy and clean out the trash in those neurons. Yeah. Yeah, in fact, I love that you're bringing this up. Anyone who wants to learn more beyond our discussion, look up someone look up the work of Amy Berger. And she's highlighted this very very well in in in the book and numerous um um talks on YouTube. But yeah, basically, what we see in Alzheimer's disease and other uh neurological disorders like migraines and epilepsy is that there is this phenomenon of brain glucose hypometabolism. And basically, it's it's like this. The brain is a is an energy hog. It is among the highest metabolic rate organs in the body, so it has a high demand for energy. The problem is the brain becomes insulin resistant is insulin resistant is that it is no longer able to meet that energy. There develops an energetic gap. And because the person is eating a high starch, high sugar diet, eating every 2 or 3 hours, insulin is constantly demanding that the body be in sugar burning mode, and the brain is generally no exception to that. However, so in other words, 100% of the brain's energy in the average person is must be coming from glucose because insulin is telling it to, and secondly, because the alternative fuel isn't available, and I'll come back to that in just a second. But there becomes so as the brain becomes increasingly insulin resistant, its ability to get sufficient glucose to meet its energetic needs is compromised. And now we have, as I mentioned a moment ago, this energetic gap. And this is brain glucose hypometabolism. It is a a real phenomenon that is detectable in humans years before Alzheimer's settles in. So we can detect and measure this, quantify this in humans, and certainly confirm it. So this is real. This is not the stuff of speculation. What's so interesting, like and I mentioned this alternative fuel, if someone is able to fill that energetic gap with ketones, then the problem starts to resolve. It's most most explicitly with seizures. A person who has epilepsy, if they are in ketosis, they may never have another seizure again. Many many people, including one of my colleagues just down the hall, they will have frequent migraine headaches, like debilitating headaches, one or two a week. They will go from having one or two a week to having one or two every 6 months. And and so there is even in migraine headaches some of this energetic um deficiency. And then even in Alzheimer's disease, we have evidence in humans to show that if you take someone that is in the throes of disease, put them into ketosis rapidly, they will you can detect immediate improvements in cognition across a variety of tests. So, let the brain be a hybrid. Like human metabolism is a hybrid, burning sugar or fat. With the brain, it's hybrid fuels are blood sugar and ketones. But we have to give the ketones to the brain. And you can only have ketones in your blood if the body is in fat burning mode because ketones come from fat burning. And so, thus the person who's listening already knows that means insulin must be down. And that is why you see so many this explosion in this area of ketogenic diets as a therapy for Alzheimer's disease. Now, my lab has actually taken our first steps into this phenomenon. We literally just this morning submitted for review, which means to say that it'll be months before it's actually published because it's such a slow process, this study where we analyzed the gene expression of human brains, so postmortem brains, brains from people that had no Alzheimer's disease, and brains from people that had Alzheimer's disease. And what was so fascinating is that in the in the Alzheimer's brains, virtually every gene associated with glucose use was was significantly lower than normal. So, this is genes involved in glucose uptake into the brain tissues, the oligodendrocytes, the microglia, the neurons, it they were compromised. So, glucose uptake was significantly down. And glucose catabolism, like the genes involved in actual glycolysis, were also However, when we did the parallel analysis of genes involved in ketone catabolism, ketone uptake, and ketone burning, they were normal in the demented in the Alzheimer's brains. So, all more evidence um surrounding this idea that in Alzheimer's disease glucose metabolism is compromised, but not ketone metabolism. So, the best thing we can do for our brains and indeed one of the reasons I personally adhere to a low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet is to help my brain work and to help fight off Alzheimer's disease, one of the few diseases that I am very much afraid of. Yeah, it's a disease nobody wants to get. My grandmother, unfortunately, passed away with dementia and so I saw, you know, what happened there and yeah, we got to do everything we can to protect our brain. That's for sure. Now, I've I've heard you talk a little bit about the difference between brown fat and white fat and I think that would be a really good to discuss as well with our listeners. Yeah, yeah, I'm I'm glad you brought that up because it's such an interesting topic. So, when people think of fat tissue, we typically just think of fat as this inert storage depot. Basically, a fat cell that is just pulling in fat or a glucose and turning it to fat and then just holding on to it, just storing energy. And then when the body needs the energy, like for example, when insulin is low, now it can start to release the energy to be burned by the muscles, for example. And and that that is true, that is typical body fat kind of acts just like I described. But but once again, it is totally at the at the whims of insulin. When insulin is up, the fat cell is pulling in energy to store. When insulin is down, it is giving up its energy to be used. However, uh there is a type of fat in our body called brown fat that is does not behave the same way. Now, firstly, the differences are obvious and I do mean obvious. You can When we do these kinds of studies in animals, you can see the actual difference and the same thing goes with humans in the color and appearance of the fat. Normal fat tissue like the fat that we pull from our like in my lab we do what's called fat biopsies and we pull a little piece of fat from right by the belly button. That is very kind of whitish yellowish fat just like you think when you look at a steak or the fat in our in the meat that we eat. It's it's white. Mhm. Brown fat is much more enriched with mitochondria. In fact, some of what gives the muscle of the meat that we eat its reddish appearance the mitochondria is this kind of reddish brown um structure in the cell and brown fat has much more of that of those mitochondria. Now, we'll recall mitochondria are involved in burning things and burning energy, burning fat and glucose. And so, these brown fat cells are involved in breaking down nutrients, burning energy, but not because the cell needs the energy. In other words, it's not because the person's exercising a lot that the brown fat cells are burning through so much fat and glucose. No, in in it's in fact a very wasteful process although metabolically that becomes an advantage in our environment, but the brown fat is burning fat and glucose just to create heat. Which which is an inefficiency. You know, we speak about efficiencies and inefficiencies in our environment of a hypercaloric diet where we're all we all have plenty of food, we all have enough fat to burn all the time. Being a little wasteful is actually a good thing because it gives us some of this kind of metabolic wiggle room where we don't have to be worrying about every single individual calorie we eat. If we can kind of hijack our brown fat cells to be more active or a shift a slight sort of new phenomenon I'm introducing of we can help our white fat cells act a little more like brown fat cells. This is process known as beige-ing, then we have a higher metabolic rate. These fat cells suddenly stop just storing energy, and now they just start burning it. Just be just to increase body heat body temperature. And one of the ways we can kind of hack that process of converting our white fat into brown fat. One is through just cold exposure. You can sit in 18° C water, which is not very pleasant. Um or you can increase your ketones. We have in review a manuscript right now where we outline this humans that when a human is in ketosis, the metabolic rate in their fat cells goes up about two or three times. Likely because it's shifting its profile. It's going from this very low metabolic rate typical white fat cell to this much higher metabolic rate brown fat cell. So, that's something we can exploit just by manipulating our diet. Which is really interesting, too, because one of the ways that you uh get in ketosis is through intermittent fasting or fasting. And so, most people think of that as a way that you would slow down your metabolic rate. But what we're seeing here, obviously, with this brown fat activation is that it's actually speeding up that metabolic rate. Yeah, and you see this in human studies. Short-term fasting, even to the point of two or three days, which which is more than short-term by my standards, but that actually increases metabolic rate. So, this idea that fasting, intermittent fasting, is going to slow metabolic rate, it is absolutely false. That does not happen. We can measure this phenomenon in humans. Metabolic rate goes up. Now, the key there is when you do eat, you got to eat well. You got to you got to calorie restriction approach, you are trying to eat a lot of food. I I call it feast famine cycling. So, when you eat eat till you're satiated and then fast and then wait till you're hungry again. And Yeah, well said. Well said. I I like to say the most important part of a fast is how you end it. And and I worry that sometimes people look at fasting this this real explosion in the interest in fasting intermittent fasting um which I think is a good thing for us to be interested in. But they look they use it as sort of a binge and purge cycle where they fast all day and then comes around and they're so hungry and they've not planned well for ending the fast and they just eat they binge on all kinds of junk. They make themselves painfully full. They regret it. They have they have remorse. They sleep poorly and they wake up with this conviction not today. I'm going to fast all day to make up for what I did last night and they end up doing the same thing that night. So, how we end the fast is the most important part of the fast and I encourage anyone just to really plan have that meal planned. Have a a goal in mind. Eat a certain amount and then force yourself just to say I'm going to stop right now and then see how I am in 10 minutes or 15 minutes because very very likely the person will be they'll be very surprised at how little they actually need to eat once they've ended their fast. It's just more habit and dare I say addiction that drives them to eat far more than they should have um when they've ended their fast. Yeah, it's really well said and you know, it's certainly uh somebody that's doing it incorrectly can can actually trigger an eating disorder. So, you know, you need to do it appropriately. Let's talk about an insulin friendly diet. What your best recommendations are for that? Yeah. Yeah, so I like to I elaborate more in the book of course, but I've tried to distill it to what I think are the four pillars and and they are if I may if I may say so sort of cleverly worded here, but let's just kind of go through them. The first one, I like to and I think it's first for a reason. I put it first for a reason. It is control carbohydrates. So, be smart about the starches and the sugars that you're eating. Um limit them greatly, much much more limit them to a much lower degree than what you're currently eating. And depending on the person's underlying insulin sensitivity, you know, what they see from their triglyceride HDL ratio, for example, um I would say that number is best heavily scrutinized to about 50 g per day. But if if someone has a pretty good triglyceride HDL ratio, well, then they can certainly be more liberal with that number. And they don't need to cut it to such a low level. But the first step is control carbohydrates. Stop drinking fruit juice. Stop eating bread and cereal and crackers and chips and focus on real sources of the of carbohydrate if they want them, namely fruits and vegetables. But eat them, don't drink them. And I just generally stop there. There are some other kind of fine levels of fruits and vegetables scrutiny, but we don't even need to get into that. The second variable is prioritize protein. Make sure if you want to age well, eat enough protein and get the right kind of protein. And and so a person who just needs to have a general range, although I hate being this specific, but there is a number. Stu Phillips in Eastern Canada found that 1.6 g of protein per kilogram of of of ideal body mass. So, if someone's very overweight, we would want to say ideal body mass. That's an optimal range for protein consumption. And then the source matters. Um and now I I am very uh I'm very wary of this explosion of interest and availability of plant protein-based foods. And I don't want to ruffle feathers cuz I know this can be a sensitive topic. So, I'm going to say this as objectively as I can. Um but but clear plant uh protein is inferior to animal protein in every way. Um the the amino acid profile is not comparable. It is far superior in animal proteins. And animal proteins also are cleaner. And that might be surprising to say, but all plant proteins, to my knowledge, have molecules in the plant protein that will uh inhibit the body's ability to digest the plant protein. Um like phytic acids or tannins or trypsin inhibitors, these are found in all plant proteins. And that further exacerbates the lower um uh biological value of the plant protein. And then I would also add, there was a uh a study done by a nonprofit organization called the Clean Label Project. And they analyzed protein supplements for the presence and levels of heavy metals, things like lead and arsenic, known to be harmful to humans. And plant proteins were the biggest offenders. And that's a consequence of of basically what we've done here. Plants are so naturally so deficient in protein that when you're trying to get protein from a pea, you've got to get, you know, let's say a a thousand proteins together to get one serving of protein. A thousand peas together to get one serving of protein. And the protein is what you want to get. Although again, it's not as high value as you think. In the process of concentrating those peas, you're also going to get things you don't want, like the natural minerals or metals that every plant is pulling up from the soil. But when you're just eating peas, it is such an insignificant amount. It's so little. But when you're now concentrating the peas to get to the protein, you're also getting these metals with them. And so you have um potentially what they call toxic levels of of these um heavy metals. So, anyway, that's a long belabored point. Prioritize protein, really focus on um animal proteins. And then that kind of touches on my third pillar, which is don't fear fat. And fat and protein come together in nature. The best protein sources, animal, come with fat. And fat helps the protein digest better. The bile acids that we get released when we eat fat actually improve protein digestion. And so there's a reason that fat and pro The best proteins in nature come with fat. It helps Not only are there studies to show that digestion is improved, but it also makes the protein more anabolic. In a study in humans, that when you mix protein and fat together, you have a better muscle anabolic response than than just the protein alone. And then my my fourth point um is uh fast. Uh don't feel the need to eat every moment of the day. I'm strongly I'm a strong advocate of looking at one of the meals on the ends of the day and cutting it out, at least from time to time, if not if not every day, then at least maybe a few days a week. Let the body have a fat a period of fasting when insulin has come down. It might be a little uncomfortable sometimes, but every person has enough fat to fast. You know, even lean guy, you and I are fairly lean. We could easily fast for days. We have hundreds of thousands of calories stored as energy just waiting to be used. So, when I see someone about to go on a little hike, you know, here in the beautiful mountains of Utah, they will have I may see an overweight person and they will have energy bars and energy drinks, and I'm just thinking how tragic. All they needed to bring was some maybe water and maybe some salt. Yeah. Let your body use its own energy. Every one of those fat cells is basically a little energy bar just waiting to be cracked open and used and it can only be used if insulin is down more to my points earlier. But anyway, the fourth pillar to improving insulin sensitivity, keeping insulin low, don't be afraid of fasting. No, I love that and what's a good fasting window? If somebody's looking to stimulate autophagy, I'm sure you get this all the time. For autophagy, we really don't have uh blood test measurements right to look at that. But and and everybody kind of has different ideas, everybody in this industry, but what's a good window that show somebody should look to do let's say on a daily basis or maybe like, you know, on a weekly basis in order to get you know, a decent level of autophagy. Yeah, so I David, I like that you prefaced this question by emphasizing the fact that we we don't know. There's just it is so there there's no clear marker for for showing activation of Uh speculating somewhat, I would say that a decent marker is the presence of ketones. Mhm. Because ketones themselves are a consequence of pronounced catabolism like in other words, fat burning low insulin. So, I like to think that when ketones are starting to come up in the blood, so too is autophagy. And there's some evidence to suggest that that's a pretty good correlation, but please everyone know I'm not stating that with any high degree of authority. It's probably a marker of autophagy. So, if we base it on that, in the average person eating a typical American diet, if they fast for around 16 hours, they start to get into ketosis. And so I I kind of look at that number and I think an 18:6 is a nice easy way to probably have some autophagy from time to time. And of course, if you couple that with a low-carb diet, well, then you're cooking with gas. And you're probably in autophagy almost all the time. exercise maybe right there at the end of the fast. Yep, well said. That's right. That's right. Um just to accelerate things even more along that um pushing the process of autophagy. Yeah, so a an 18:6 um protocol works pretty well, but then I would also say I do think there's value in a true full 24-hour at least food fast once a week. Yeah. And I generally like to do that on Monday. And that's a little practical just because typically over the weekend, I can't it's hard not to indulge a little more even if I'm still really strict. I'm just more at home. I'm out with the family more. It's very likely that I've had some more indulgence. And and I just sort of like to reset if you will and and just kind of take over um discipline again and then have a nice clean full fast on on every Monday basically. Yeah, absolutely. Ben, I I really like that. I In fact, that's always one of my goals when I'm working with somebody. If If If you can fast, do a 24-hour fast and still be productive and work and do the things that you're supposed to do that day, that's a really good sign of metabolic flexibility. And I think it's something that it's a great goal uh to accomplish. And even very lean people can accomplish this. I know for myself, I I'm usually around 8% body fat. And I do a 24-hour fast at least once a week, sometimes twice a week. Um just for the brain benefits. I feel so much better. My heart rate variability is better. So, a sign of parasympathetic activity. I sleep better. I get just more restorative rest. Um you know, my body's adapted to it. But if you're out there and you start with what Dr. Ben was talking about there, a 18:6, something in that along those lines, you know, over time you'll build that fasting muscle and you can be able to push it to that full 24, which is really like a dinner to dinner fast or a lunch to lunch, something along those lines and you'll notice it's not quite as hard as you think. And doing that once a week, that's something that a lot of the natural health pioneers throughout the years, people like Paul Bragg for Bragg's apple cider vinegar, he talked about doing a one-day fast. Jack LaLanne talked about doing a one-day fast. A lot of these people, these ancient healers, talked about doing a one-day fast every single week as being one of the best things you can do for your health and when it comes to stabilizing your insulin levels and helping activate autophagy, it certainly is. And the cool thing is it doesn't cost you anything. It's really just making a decision and and doing it. And and going for it from there. And then when you couple that with again with exercise, you know, I like to get the exercise in. I like to take a cold shower right at the end of the workout or at least like I'll start it warm but then get in and make it cold like the last 30 to 60 seconds. Yeah, activate that brown fat yeah, and really really drive down the blood sugars and get that insulin stable. So, really good. Well, any last words? I know we're running out of time here. Let's talk about real quickly actually about your top five favorite foods that you're consuming on a regular basis and then just last words of inspiration. Okay. Okay, good good question. Um my top five so I I'm a I'm a fan of red meat. Yeah, me too. Uh really it's it's one of the staples that I try to have in my home and it's as a father, that's something I want my kids to eat. It might sound funny to say it certainly bucks convention or or dogmatic thinking of nutrition and diet. I want them to eat their meat first and then whatever they pick on their broccoli and etc. That's great. It's it's fine. It adds some color to the plate but I know the broccoli isn't going to make them grow strong and healthy. It'll be what's in that red meat. So, I'm a big fan of red meat. I personally love hamburger. And my favorite dinner is just we I buy my beef from a a local um actually, he's a professor in the Russian department, and he just has a small little ranch on the side, so to speak, and and so I buy my meat from him. But, we we make a little hamburger patties. We mix in an egg with the hamburger, and then we split it out. I love it. And I And the egg helps it like bind together. That's right. That's exactly right. Yep. And it gives it a little kind of crispy to it as well. It's delicious. Anyone who was going to grill some hamburger, add an egg and mix it in next time. Um so so uh hamburger and eggs are actually probably number two. I I love eggs. I I actually drink them raw sometimes for breakfast if I feel like I need something. Um not that I'm telling anyone to do that. I know that scares some. Um but I I will make uh when I make breakfast for my kids, which I do every morning, it's very commonly kind of low-carb waffles or low-carb pancakes or even crepes, although the crepes are kind of hit or miss. But, I just love those things. they have keto pancakes. Yeah, we make those as well. Yeah, I load them with eggs. So, eggs are a staple. We go through in my little family of five, we probably go through three dozen eggs a week, um if not more, um frankly. So, I'm a huge fan of eggs. Um the third I don't know. I'm kind of running out. Eggs and meat are my are my are my go-to. I will say at the risk of um uh sounding kind of self-congratulatory here, uh but I I I've made a I made a a meal replacement shake with a couple of my brothers, and I'll I won't go any more detail than this lest I sound like I'm a shill, but Oh, good. No, go ahead. You can You can Well, anyone who wants to learn more, go to we created a website we sell it online it's get health and that's h l t h get health h l t h.com and they can learn more about it. But I actually rely on that shake pretty often because um when we when my brother one of my brothers was interested in low carb diets and he had just left uh the supplement industry and said there aren't a lot of shakes out there and I've never really cared about that but there is something I mean one of the one of the beautiful things of a low carb diet is there aren't a lot of of fake foods you can eat. You have to rely on real food. That's a good thing. It's also a little inconvenient. And but and so when we started looking into low carb shakes the sad fact was that almost every one of them was high co- well even when they were low carb they were much higher carb than I wanted but they were almost always built on plant protein. It was pea protein or pumpkin seed protein and those are not healthy and they taste terribly. But I will say from the perspective now having been involved in actually manufacturing a shake one of the reasons shake manufacturers want to use plant protein is that they are so much cheaper. You know, a fraction of the cost of say like egg and whey which are the best proteins and the two that we used in in our shake but they're so much cheaper and when you have plant proteins you can brag about it on your label and say this is you know, vegan friendly or whatever and so it lets you kind of virtue signal to the potential buyer and save money because it's so cheap. We didn't take that easy way out um but but we still kept the price down. So anyway, I I rely on that shake anyone who wants to learn more again the name of the company is health code h l t h and the site is get health h l t h.com. So those are my staples. Yeah, we'll put a link in you know, I'm a big fan of my staples. I'm a big fan of smoothies too because you know, in our society, we're so on the go. Yeah. And really to be able to digest meat well, unless you just have a robust digestive system, you need to be like sitting down and relaxed. You need to be able to produce a lot of stomach acid, bile. Right? And if you're just on the go, it's much better to have a protein shake, you know, a good high quality protein shake like that where the blender has already done the job of the digestive systems. Now you're just absorbing nutrients. So if you tend to have a really busy schedule, I always tell people eat your largest meal when you're most relaxed, right? Like a family dinner type type atmosphere. Well said. Yeah, and that will help you like Yeah, and that's really where the role where where those types of protein shakes come in. They can be really helpful when you're on the go. So really good stuff. Yeah, we'll have a link to that and um the book is Why We Get Sick, The Hidden Epidemic at the Root of Most Chronic Disease and How to Fight It. We'll have the link below as well, so check that out. Dr. Ben, it's Bickman, right? Is that how you pronounce your last name? Yeah. Bickman, okay. Yeah, Dr. Ben me Ben. Everyone calls me Ben. And David, I have I have seven older brothers, so I've been called everything. I'm sure. I'm sure. You can just imagine with the last name Jockers. Yeah. I was called Jock Strap, you know, things like that growing up playing sports, yep. So I've been called it all as well. Um and we can find you out also on Instagram, right? Is it just uh your name on Instagram, right? So we'll have a link there as well. Yeah, I'm fairly active on social media and it's it's never a personal stuff. It's just me sharing insights into human metabolism. And and on Twitter and Instagram, which are my main ones, it's just Ben Bickman. No C, just B I K M A N. Ben Bickman, PhD. Awesome. Well, thanks again for being on the podcast. For those of you guys that are listening, I know you got a lot of nuggets out of this. So go out, start putting it in action, and improve your life. Be blessed everybody. We'll see you on a future podcast.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gaylegonzalez71 [3 likes]: Same w the eggs! We go thru 3 18 pks per week!
  2. @gaylegonzalez71 [3 likes]: Great talk! I was just telling my son about type 3 diabetes, I know its not actually labeled this, but it good to hear that its becoming brought up more, most ppl look at me side ways when I bring it up
  3. @melissadexter5074 [2 likes]: What about the dawn phenomenon? I stop eating at 6-7 pm and then by 7-8am my insulin is usually higher than normal.
  4. @TyronPiteau [1 likes]: Great interview David and Ben. Thanks 🙏
  5. @AskBobnFran [1 likes]: Great video!  We are both in our 80's and are all about healthy aging.  For us, eating a whole-food plant-based is a big part of it!  Our goal is to "Die Young...As Late as possible!"  Need to maintain a strong body, calm mind, & positive outlook.   We're doing some research for our new healthy-aging advice YouTube channel to inspire others.  Learned from you. TY, Bob & Fran
  6. @melissadexter5074 [1 likes]: How do i get my doctor to approve a HOMA-IR test?
  7. @CANAN-07 [1 likes]: Hi thank u so much for this 🥰But something wrong with Ketogenic dieters last especially 2 years they r into Carb Cycling as well as Ben Bikman. So they finally figured out body s not functinonig good enough w/out carbs & keto s not good enough alone 🥰👍🏻 so many long time keto followers aldready have uncontrolable high blood sugar, high A1C again or very low insulin going to Type 1 Diabetic or very bad eye vision or very low seratonin aka GABA or low melatonin / sleep disorder or osteoporosis or pancreatisis or kidney stones or very low gut bacteria flora diversity. So Ben Bikman never ever talks those bad outcomes caused by Keto ☹️sad cos I like him.
  8. @Mani_wellbeing: Am listening 8n again , to refresh what 8 have learned from so many valuable talks such as this one ,thank you 🙏🏻
  9. @ken355555: A great interview..🤔
  10. @ken355555: What level will my  glucose have to be before insulin drops to a level that's starts ketone production.🤔
I'm diabetic and that dawn phenomenon really hinders my numbers ... I don't eat breakfast I don't eat lunch I eat all the right foods no carbs...I just wonder how long it's going to take before I can become insulin sensitive again after being a diabetic for 20-years
  11. @KlaudiaValentova: Great! Many thanks👍
Small schedule:
10.min Insulin Resistance
17.min Inflammation, LDL and immunity = LDL binds to pathogens and bring them to the liver!
20.min Covid19 and Cholesterol
24.min Hypertension and Insulin Resistance, Aldesteron, Nitric Oxide and blood vessel dilation
27.min about Salt and Blood Pressure
30.min Alzheimer/Migrains/Epilepsy - glucose vs. ketones metabolism
41.min Brown Fat
45.min Intermittent Fasting and Metabolism
47.min Insulin Friendly Diet
49.min Protein - plant vs animal bioavailibility
54.min Stimulating Autophagy
1:01.min Protein Shake Manufacture
  12. @bibiramnauth6867: 🥰
  13. @Stephen_Strange: And God rested on the Sabbath (He must have done one day fasting!! lol)
  14. @Stephen_Strange: Can you and Dr Bikman discuss the comparison of Vegetarian IMF Keto'ers (who eat eggs, milk and cheeses) and Meat IMF Keto'ers ?
  15. @Stephen_Strange: 47:09  A 3 course meal has new meaning ; waiting after a smaller plate of food, to see if one is still in need of nutrition.
Imagine that is what they could have done long ago with tiny portions so as to get the most nutrition and still do KETO:
'A 12 course dinner menu includes an hors d'oeuvre, amuse-bouche, soup, appetizer, salad, fish, first main course, palate cleanser, second main course, cheese course, dessert, and mignardise.'
  16. @Stephen_Strange: Advice please: Yes, I want so so much to be Vegetarian IMF KETO, and am trying it. 
One Problem - craving sweets either in between meals or at the supermarket. I don't think it's a nutritional need, i feel it's a mood associated with the addiction to the sugar (in my case chocolate-candy bars). (Once every two weeks I guess)
I just made some stevia chocolate nut balls for an afternoon tea treat or on top of the once a week buckwheat pancakes.
I use mostly vegetable/plant based meals.
I have the 'normal' visceral fat around my midriff.
My mood is usually lethargic and sleepy (I blame the graffiti in my otherwise blue-every-day sky) and I am so stressed I never seem to MAKE time for proper self care, exercise or family time)
I REALLY WANT TO if I could just drag my body and thoughts into discipline!!!

- New Research: Is Keto Beneficial for Heart Health? | Educational Video | Biolayne: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys we're back with another educational video and this week we're talking about the ketogenic diet and blood lipids but first make sure you like the video subscribe to the channel and leave a comment follow the algorithm so I'm doing this video because a new meta-analysis was published in nutrition reviews that looked at the effects of the ketogenic diet on different blood lipids so the takeaway from this meta-analysis was compared with controlled non-ketogenic diets ketogenic diets tended to increase LDL cholesterol by a significant amount there is really no difference in triglycerides it tends to increase total cholesterol which I don't really worry about and it did increase HDL cholesterol some people would say well you're increasing HDL and LDL so that means that it's really a wash that was what I used to think Circa mid-2000s and what we've seen from the new research is that one drugs that lower LDL decreased risk of heart disease while drugs that raise HDL don't seem to have an effect on heart disease furthermore if we look at the mendelian randomized control trials where they segment people into natural low or higher level secreters of LDL or HDL what we see is that people who are high or low secretors of HDL but everything else Remains the Same don't really have a difference in heart disease risk whereas people who have a lower secretion of LDL versus higher secretion of LDL have a significantly lower risk of heart disease in fact if you look at the varying levels of LDL throughout the course of someone's life There is almost a linear correlation between the amount of overall LDL exposure during the course of their life and the risk of a cardiovascular event while HDL is good to have High because it's a marker of metabolic Health it doesn't appear to directly impact cardiovascular disease risk whereas LDL cholesterol does so ketogenic diets can raise LDL cholesterol which is a risk factor for heart disease now I will say that if you're on a ketogenic diet and you're consuming low saturated fat and you're in a calorie deficit losing weight my guess is that you would see a reduction in LDL over time because we know reducing body weight will reduce LDL as well but I think a lot of people who do the ketogenic diet end up defaulting towards higher saturated fat products so if you're concerned about LDL cholesterol ketogenic diet can still be a great way to lose weight but try to select food sources that are lower in saturated fat versus higher in saturated fat I don't just want to deem the ketogenic diet and make it sound like it's a sub-optimal diet if it's something you can stick to and you can lose a significant amount of weight overall you're probably going to be healthier than if you didn't lose the weight so if it's a diet you can adhere to I think it's perfectly fine to do just try to get as much fiber in as you can from vegetables since they don't impact glycemia that much and try to consume most of your protein sources from low saturated fat sources of protein one benefit of the ketogenic diet that seems to be better than other comparator diets is it does tend to reduce hba1c more than comparative diets even when the same amount of weight is lost now the reduction in hba1c which is a really good marker for glycemic control about 70 percent of it can be explained through the weight loss alone but the ketogenic diet or low carb diet does appear to have a little bit extra benefit on hba1c compared to other diets so again got to give credit where credit's due if you are looking to lower hba1c low carb or ketogenic maybe slightly better than some of these controlled diets but if you're looking to control LDL you're probably better off selecting a different diet but again at the end of the day the most important thing if you need to lose a substantial amount of weight is to find diet that you can stick to and be consistent with because in the end if you lose more weight it's probably going to wash out a lot of these differences because all of those markers are going to improve that is why in our app carbon diet coach we have many different options for dietary preference we don't just pigeonhole you into balanced or low fat or low carb or ketogenic or plant-based we give you options for all those so that you can select the option that's best for you as the individual and the one that you feel like you can adhere to best if you're interested in our app carbon diet coach it's trusted by tens of thousands click the link in the description download And subscribe today alright guys if you like the video like the video subscribe to the channel and I'll catch you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @kai6424 [1 likes]: You know all the cheese would actually be ok for you if you didn’t live in USA . Raw cheese unpasteurized has a lot or beneficial bacteria and enzymes that make it a much healthier option
  2. @adim00lah: Imo, most of the fats from a keto diet should come from plants.  Keto diet is a high fat diet, but high saturated fat is no bueno.  It's really impossible to be on a high animal fat diet that is low in saturated fat.  

Plant oils like avocado, olive, flax, hemp oil etc.... that have good ratios of omega 3 to omega 6 are the best oils for keto.  I know it's controversial, but soy products like tofu, unsweetened soy milk, tempeh etc... are great sources of protein while on keto diets as are lean meats, low fat dairy, and eggs.

Lupin beans are also a great source of low carb protein as well as hemp seeds and pumpkin seeds.  Low carb nuts like walnuts, macadamia etc... are a great source of protein, fiber, minerals, and healthy fat.
  3. @MrCalyho: your guess turned out to be wrong though. apparently low body weight was a higher perdicter for high ldl.
  4. @leokat7867: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC9143438/
  5. @fantasticallyfit6030: A1C is more or a predictor for heart disease than LDL. So if someone is diabetic or has metabolic syndrome then the keto diet….. seems to be the better way to go.
  6. @delanaveirs3411: I was a vegetarian for most of my adult life & had low LDL but adding meat into my diet my LDL is higher. I eat a lot of vegetables. I also have never been obese & my LDL had been high even when I weigh 125 lbs
  7. @Mlmtlvshsglany: Layne, have you come across the word of Dr David Diamond ? He’d pull apart the ideia that drugs that power LDL Lower heart desease. You may want to look those studies in further detail and check  again the ideia that LDL
Is actually bad for us. There is evidence  that proves the opposite so at a minimum
Worth looking into and realize we still only barely understand our bodies work . A few heart surgeons online that also believe low carb diets are better and break down all the things that cholesterol Does in our body. And what HDl pele trig..: etc all actually mean in detail. Makes a lot of sense when one dives into the nerdy details . Cheers
  8. @Hfpdhmdpcf: Saturated fat is proven healthy!
  9. @hatman69420: The ketogenic diet is a suboptimal diet for the majority of people, or just overall
  10. @sarahbresson4826: Layne, as I understand it. Some of our LDL submolecules are protective and we need them. Do any studies actually look at this? Also isn’t it true that many people who have heart attacks don’t even have high ldl?
  11. @DrTomMD: Right on. Very rare - if not a ghost - to see anyone do Keto with high fiber and low saturated fat. It’s appeal is a certain subsection of high risk foods are “unlimited” in trade for refined carbs but also most high fiber foods linked to longevity (eg legumes).
Medically monitored partial meal replacement monitors diet that’s high in fiber, low saturated fat does just as well for A1C (see WHY WEIGHT program at Harvard/Joslin - run by colleague Dr Osama Hamdy)

True story. Henry Ford Health patient of mine, an educator at Wayne State University, MBA and licensed attorney with a lifetime of yo-yo dieting, engaged my coaching and program guidance (at that time at Henry Ford West Bloomfield Mich Hospital), leveraging meal replacements along with concomitant long-term lifestyle preparatory intensive lifestyle education with meta-flexitarian, personalized eating. 

Ricardo had severe insulin resistance with borderline type 2 diabetes (A1C 6.4%), hypertension on 4 meds and major dyslipidemia at the start. 

Now, seven years later maintaining a 100 pound weight loss and better fasting insulin levels than me (kind of pisses me off but in a good way).

Keto twist:
His physician brother at one point approximately three years ago wanted Ricardo‘s support to start keto by doing it with him. Wisely, Ricardo consulted me. I said go ahead but let’s make it a controlled and monitored situation particularly for lipids, blood pressure and insulin sensitivity. 

 I told him I predicted three things all of which came true. His fasting insulin and overall insulin sensitivity would remain good while switching from meta-flexitarian to Keto but his blood pressure (due to the typical stealth salt that comes with keto) add LDL particle number (far more precise measure of LDL risk than standard LDL cholesterol, or even non-HDL) would shoot up significantly. 

And…drum roll please…That’s exactly what happened. 

After only a little more than one month on keto (we tested him one month after initiating it) upon receiving his NMR Lipoprofile results (and also noticing his blood pressure was creeping back up via self-monitoring), he immediately told his brother that his bro was on his own. 

Ricardo went back to his Flex5 (meta Flexitarian) lifestyle and all continues to be well.
  12. @genta88able: For the algorithm 💪
  13. @noonevincecarterfan: Dr. Berg, I hope you are watching this...
  14. @alient8118: I heard once that a studies that compare consumption of saturated fat (coconut oil 90++% sat fat vs butter 60++% sat fat) cunclude that people that consume coconut oil didn't raise their LDL, infact have lower LDL compared to butter.

I also heard that statin didn't improve hazard ratio compared to control. 

I believe we must put LDL in the context. I dont think high LDL in insulin sensitive guy have a high risk in cardiovascular disease. 

I think there is no study about risk of cardiovascular disease that compare high LDL with good HDL/triglycerides/ketogenic diet, with the control.
  15. @Hupernike45: OK. How about the fact that large buoyant LDL particles do not contribute to CVD, but small dense LDL particles do?
  16. @snakeace0: This video completely neglects the different LDL´s responsible for arterial plaque. Normal LDL has no actual correlation with arterial plaque, its the oxidized vLDL thats the problem, indeed your level of research regarding this subject does seem to be stuck in the mid 2000´s-. Neither does this video take into account Insulin resistance nor leptin resistance. Thats why total Cholesterol essentially has been shown over plenty of meta-analyses and systemic reviews to be completely irrelevant when it comes to heart health and arterial plaque, if it isnt contrasted with the LDL´s volume and oxidation levels. Insulin resistance drastically increases LDL oxidation and thus prevents reabsorption via the liver, further oxidizing and damaging the LDL. You can have very low LDL levels and STILL have massive amounts of arterial plaque, if most of the LDL is oxidzed. The study you presented didnt even check for oxidation, and you didnt even notice that. 

What you describe as a "bad" blood panel, can in reallity be perfectly healthy. If you dont check for Triglyceride levels and LDL size and oxidation levels, then you will NEVER have an actual picture of the situation. Plenty of MD´s out there who regularly have to point these basics out, and to see it repeated here, really doesnt bode well for my level of trust regarding other information. 

I usually agree with most of the points raised in your video´s, but the ones like these who completely neglect the basics just make me question wether its too biased for me to consume.
  17. @YamatoForever: Al Gore.
  18. @Junitaco: Problem with the ketogenic diet is that a lot of people who are doing keto are, in fact, not doing keto. Either because they underestimate their carb intake or, more commonly, eat way more calories from protein than they should.
  19. @aidanpoulter9514: Not saying I know more than you but keto doctors who have measured everything and helped people lose weight, escape cancer and get very healthy (I’m thinking of Dr. Eric Westman and Dr.Boz and Dr. Ken Berry) say things like ‘if you eat more fat and eggs your triglycerides will go down - Dr. Eric Westman) and they also say (I’m paraphrasing) that people who have elevated LDL molecules not VLDL - if I’m understanding them well that means that LDL are damaged or hardened, have no bad outcomes from that on a diet low in processed foods and carbs in general, and they say that it is well known that 100 yr olds (whom I never wish to belong to haha) often have elevated LDLs and they do not equate that with their ill health but see it as a predictor. I am not a scientist though I was a nurse and appreciate you looking at data and studies so closely. I just fell off my ketovore/carnivore bandwagon merely cos life overwhelmed me and i couldn’t give a shit if i die (not suicidal just saying) but when i do give a shit keto seems satisfying and manageable. To be honest I hope i do go from a big heart attack at whatever age I go. I just mentioned it because those of us who do keto  might be wondering why you didn’t approach those topics as they seem to be mentioned a lot. Thanks for your attention to detail.
  20. @palmenable: Great video Layne! Have you seen any good studies looking at Keto and heart disease or mortality? Would be interesting to se if this raised LDL actually cause harm or not. As some people claim it does not increase risk for heart disease, given all other blood panels look good.

- Does a ketogenic diet result in greater energy expenditure? | Peter Attia & Layne Norton: Kind: captions Language: en bringing it back now to the energy balance question i think today we know a lot more than we did 10 years ago i think 10 years ago at least for me personally there was still an open question about the impact of different macronutrients on energy expenditure both deliberate and non-deliberate so but i think when you look at the body of literature and and you know i declare my conflict here right so i used to be part of an organization that actually funded two of the you know really big studies in this space one out of boston children's hospital by david ludwig and then one was a consortium of people that included rudy libel who you mentioned a moment ago kevin hall was the pi eric robison steve smith etc that's like the heavy hitters name of metabolism right there this was the six pis on this study were six of the biggest names in all of this space and this was a very rigorously done study and look was it a perfect study no it was a pilot study it was really designed to be the study to work out the kinks to do the enormous study that actually never got funded but it was still a very good study and it still answered an important question which was at least comparing a relatively clean standard american diet to a ketogenic diet it'd be hard to make the case that there was more than 50 to 150 calorie difference in energy expenditure at an iso caloric swap now there's different ways to interpret that some would say that's huge if you have a 50k which is what the difference was in the chamber versus 150 or 160 which is what the w labeled water showed that could still be very significant over a long enough period of time there has been a significant debate about the validity of doubly labeled water in a ketogenic diet you mentioned john speakman he and kevin hall wrote a review about this suggesting that doubly labeled water really doesn't apply there's an artifact in a ketogenic diet so if you just look at the chamber data and say well you know 50 kcal per day does that really matter not sure but regardless it wasn't 250 or 500 kcal per day and to me that was a very important insight because prior to that point i didn't really know because if you look back at you know the vermont study from the 1960s if you look back at ansel keys stuff where they didn't have metabolic chambers they're on wards but it wasn't quite the same it was really unclear to me i would say today the evidence has to be overwhelming that if for example a ketogenic diet produces remarkable weight loss it has to be doing it through intake reduction not through an increase in energy expenditure i think that you're 100 right and i'm going to take that kind of piecemeal so the first thing i will say is let's throw out the energy expenditure stuff for now i know we just spent a lot of time talking about energy balance it's important but we're assuming that these measures are accurate there's even air in direct telemetry because you can only measure as accurately as your equipment that you have to measurement that's right and and that those numbers i just touted you could argue that they were at the limit of detection at least for the indirect calorimeter the 57 kcal per day was probably right at the detection so it could have been zero it could have been a hundred it's we're we're really you know we're really on a razor's our uh edge of detection and i think that the point you made was that you know the carbohydrate insulin model of obesity would predict a much bigger change in energy expenditure so therefore at least that version of it it has to be falsified based on that and even with the 150 calories that would not explain the difference again if we look at studies that assess loss of body fat under controlled environments we just don't see differences between low carb and low fat when calories are controlled calories in protein are controlled we don't see it in fact there's actually a very small favoritism towards low fat but again i think that that's probably a data artifact and not actually a real difference um there was you mentioned david ludwig there was a reese or more recent um meta-analysis he did that got a lot of buzz because basically his his assertion was that well if you look at the short term data yes there doesn't appear to be much difference but if you look at after 17 days there appears to be you know a large difference in the energy expenditure anywhere from like 150 to 300 calories per day favoring low carb was that with doubly labeled water again that's it so that's so the issue was and i went through this with a fine-tooth comb and again the meta-analysis itself was very well done the statistics were very good but when there was metabolic chamber data available or doubly labeled water they use doubly labeled water now what i would tell you is that's like saying i've got caliper data available and dexa data available but i'm going to use the caliper data well that's fine but keep in mind that dexa is what calipers are validated against so you're talking about a primary measure versus a secondary measure by the way i i i've already forgotten kevin kevin hall and john speakman's primary criticism of dlw in a kd do you remember the the gist of the thesis where the artifact comes from yes so basically um there's more co2 produced than is accounted for in the constant of the equation the 1.11 is probably too low in number yeah so you overproduce co2 compared to what the prediction would be based on that equation and so basically what that means is that in a low carb setting you're probably getting an artificial increase in energy expenditure oh so the 1.11 would actually be too too big it's probably too big a coefficient what i went back to is i said okay you know what let's say that this isn't an artifact or an effect of the of the um the differences in measures and again direct telemetry if you're on a standard diet the association with double level water is an r of 0.8 which is pretty good for for um for like free living stuff yeah but but it ain't it ain't 0.99 either like 0.8 is good but not exceptional and then a low carb is 0.5 which is a pretty big difference from a 0.8 it basically just means it's not as tightly correlated let's throw all that out i went through every single one of those studies that was that ludwig looked at and they looked at did they measure body composition and what did the body composition stuff say because what do we really care about do we care about what energy expenditure says on a readout right or do we care about losing body fat right i mean i think most people would say we care about losing body fat not one study saw a difference between the low carb conditions or the low fat or stand or balanced diet when calories and protein were equated so to me that's truly the metric and that's what we care about so to me that's actually great news because what it says is hey do whatever diet you prefer if you like low carb heck yeah it's it's not it's certainly not any worse than doing a low fat diet if you don't like low carb there's other options by the way you can just do a balanced diet too there's nothing wrong with that i think balanced diets sometimes can be a little bit harder for people to moderate um you know unless you're doing some kind of portion control but yeah it says that pretty much you can do what you want and still lose body fat this podcast is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute the practice of medicine nursing or other professional health care services including the giving of medical advice no doctor-patient relationship is formed the use of this information and the materials linked to this podcast is at the user's own risk the content on this podcast is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice diagnosis or treatment users should not disregard or delay in obtaining medical advice from any medical condition they have and they should seek the assistance of their health care professionals for any such conditions finally i take conflicts of interest very seriously for all of my disclosures and the companies i invest in or advise please visit petertiamd.com forward slash about where i keep an up-to-date and active list of such companies [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @drsaintdc [25 likes]: From the beginning, Gary Taubes had it right: the discussion of CICO is besides the point, we eat a low carb diet because it’s easier to eat less. Period. The discussion of CICO is akin to telling a person “getting rich is about how much money comes into to your account vs what goes out.” Which is COMPLETELY true… but useless info. We have to leave this behind.
  2. @sc4332 [23 likes]: Of course the keto diet doesn’t increase energy expenditure. But it makes it a lot easier to be in a calorie deficit as the body can easily burn stored body fat for fuel.
  3. @lyleburns8532 [17 likes]: Keto works for me simply because I'm not starving hungry all day like I was for 20 plus years on a low-fat diet. My wife on the other hand hated low-carb and has the self-control to stay on a low-fat diet. We both eat salads and low-carb vegetables as part of our overall plan. However my salads and omelettes look a lot different than hers.
  4. @JonathanWilliams-pr6tf [12 likes]: Yeah CICO is pretty useless outside a lab or classroom. What matters is satiety. Very little exists in low fat diet. I was hungry all the time and didn’t lose any weight. Lost 35 lbs so far on Keto and almost never feel hungry.
  5. @littlevoice_11 [7 likes]: Energy expenditures is a single piece in a complex puzzle. Keto (when done right I.e. quality protein, wholefood fats focusing on omega 3, olives, nuts, seeds, avocado, cacao, lots of non starchy vegetables, herbs, spices, mushrooms and fermented foods) has benefits on health including sleep, hormones, energy, mood, inflammation, body composition, cognitive function, insulin sensitivity and more... this has profound benefits on quality of life. It also, by multiple channels, would increase energy expenditure through physiological, biological and habitual changes across the day. 
As they say  
"When you feel better, you can live more"...
  6. @Michael-4 [5 likes]: This is all very well. Real world, long term compliance is the only way you will keep off what you lose and CICO is not that for 95% of people.
  7. @artsteale3443 [4 likes]: Is energy expenditure really that important? Eating nutrient dense food that stops cravings and snacking is the most important and eat less often will control insulin and weight more than just reducing calories. The ability to switch into ketosis is more important than being in ketosis.
  8. @JD-rc6lq [3 likes]: Layne is the master of spin.  Fat leaves the body primarily as CO2.  So the fact that he is talking past the discrepancy in chamber data between ketogenic and non-ketogenic diets is troubling.  Keep in mind that their formulas posit energy equilibrium.

Also if you want an undisputed metabolic advantage, acetone (a particle containing energy) is wasted in breath exhalation while in Ketosis.
  9. @vexilar1 [2 likes]: Would be nice to see studies linked here.  Great content, however.
  10. @eswyatt [1 likes]: "But fat is sooo shassheeeateinggggg!" Nothing hits the spot like a stick of butter.
  11. @GregariousAntithesis [1 likes]: Well there has to be more to this metabolically when you have so many metabolically diseased people going low carb and loosing 30-40 lbs in a matter of months. You cannot do that eating a high glycemic diet.
  12. @Fluffthestuff [1 likes]: Dr Layne just explain in the video that no data support low carb as something superior for health markers or fat loss.
So don’t you all understand what means no data to support…
  13. @LukasHridesbikes [1 likes]: No
  14. @irishslave51: Seems lately the carnivore diet is the be all end all.. Tried it, and it didn't work.. Carnie is not one size fits all.. Might work for many, but there is a percentage out there it doesn't work for.. They never want to cover that in their lectures...
  15. @sebastianeditz12: Do you feel more energy while on keto?
  16. @lisatowe778: Calories in calories out is still and will always be the bottom line. I’ve maintained for decades that way. Didn’t do it well in menopause and gained about 10#, now will have to shave it off but even the 10# I’ve maintained within a pound up and down for four years which is not usual to keep weight that maintained. I didn’t expect the differences with menopause and should have adjusted when I noticed I was eating outside my maintenance amount
  17. @Nellis202: What on earth are they on about.
Is this even for real people ?
  18. @trotsky88: These guys are idiots for several reasons. First, they don't clearly distinguish between low carb and KETO, while they may be very different in their impact on weight loss. Second, they don't explain how KETO might benefit some people (for example people who are carb intolerant, overweight and type two diabetes) in losing weight, but it might not benefit other people. They are not precise. they suck as scientists and researchers.
  19. @nickeimer: Both professional and are giants in their respective fields. Glad to see them tackle this. Disappointed that he didn’t talk about the satiety and compliance factors that the keto diet prompts… yet what since it’s there on leptin to back that possibly mechanism up?
  20. @mosin9105: Mind blowing

- Separating fact from fiction with Dr. Georgia Ede — Diet Doctor Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Diet Doctor podcast with Dr. Bret Sher. Today, I'm joined by Dr. Georgia Ede. Georgia is a trained psychiatrist and has worked as a general psychiatrist for years. But through her own personal challenges and finding nutrition as a treatment for her, she started to use it with her patients and she's got a fantastic story about how she sort of progressed from Harvard to Smith College and now to sort of nutritional consulting. Her challenges along the way and her successes along the way and how she's reframed how she thinks about treating psychiatric diseases. But she's not just an expert in psychiatric diseases, she is a breath of fresh air in terms of how she helps us understand nutritional research and nutritional news. And the forces behind it and how we can incorporate that into our lives and understand the complexities of it. So, we talk quite a bit about that in this interview, so hopefully you'll walk away from this interview with some specific suggestions of how to see nutritional news and also how to think about psychiatric conditions. It's not so different from the rest of our body and how insulin resistance, pre-diabetes, how it plays a role in our bodies and in our minds. So, I hope you really enjoy this interview with Dr. Georgia Ede and if you want to see the transcripts, you can find those on dietdoctor.com, as well as the rest of our previous podcast episodes. All right, thank you very much and enjoy this episode. Dr. Georgia Ede, thank you so much for joining me on the Diet Doctor podcast. Thank you for inviting me. Well, it's a pleasure to have you on because you represent this world that seems so different than the rest of the low-carb world. It really shouldn't be right? It's the world of the brain, the world of psychiatry, the world of how we think and mental disorders. But, in reality, it's not that much different, is it? The brain is part of the body. Most studies do agree with that. Interesting way you put it. So, you are trained as a psychiatrist, which means you are trained to prescribe medications for psychiatric diseases. Just as a quick recap, was there any discussion of nutritional therapies in your psychiatry training? No. Psychiatry residency training, four years, not a word about nutrition in four years. All right, and then you went on to work at Harvard as a psychiatrist. And I've heard your story many times and it's an amazing story how through your own health challenges, you came to find a low-carb way of living, which really reversed your own health challenges and then you decided maybe I can apply this to my patients as well. And what did you initially see when you started to apply nutritional therapies to your patients seeing you for mental disorders? I think the most predictable thing I've seen in the beginning and all the way through is two things... usually improve. One is anxiety levels tend to come down. And another is that people who tend to overeat or binge eat or even people with bulimia who meet diagnostic criteria for bulimia, which is not just binging but also purging the low carbohydrate diet can be very, very effective for controlling urges to binge because it so nicely regulates appetites and cravings. Well, that's interesting because we frequently hear when people say who should not go on a low-carb diet or a restrictive "diet", frequently the topic of eating disorders comes up. But here you're saying it's potentially useful, specifically in eating disorders. Yes, with the caveat that we want to be careful about anorexia. So, the eating disorder anorexia was good for most people with anorexia, but not all of them are underweight, and most people with anorexia are very, very afraid to eat fat, and so if you recommend a low-carb diet for someone with anorexia, I mean, obviously you wouldn't do that to help them lose weight because that's not a goal. But let's say you were thinking maybe a low-carb diet, a more nutrient dense diet, a higher calorie diet would help them resolve the actual thinking that goes behind anorexia, the disordered thinking. The problem with that approach is that what can happen is that the person may of course not be willing to increase their fat intake. So, now you've taken away another macronutrient and now there's very little left for them to eat. So, in approaching anorexia, it has to be done very, very carefully and in fact I've never yet had that experience of working with somebody with anorexia and applying a low carbohydrate diet. It would have to be very carefully done and on a team. Right, right. So important to differentiate when people talk about eating disorders, it's not just one thing, there are different areas there. But again, no matter what, when you're starting nutritional therapy to treat any psychiatric condition, it seems like probably not the best thing to do on your own and start trying to wean off your medication. It's best to do it under clinical supervision and expert guidance. That's absolutely right, that's a really good point, because low carbohydrate diets are very safe options for most people. But if you are taking a psychiatric medication or really any medication, but a psychiatric medication in particular, when you're starting a low-carb diet, especially the first few days, it's a very powerful metabolic intervention. And therefore, your body chemistry changes very quickly in very positive healthy ways. But that can have an effect on your medication levels and so, if you're taking a medication where levels are important like lithium, a mood stabilizer or Depakote, another mood stabilizer, then it's very important to work closely with somebody who knows what they're doing to help monitor those levels and regulate them. I do have a free article on Psychology Today, Ketogenic Diets and Psychiatric Medications, to help guide clinicians as well as patients through that process, give them some tips. Very interesting, okay. Now, getting back to your path through this maze of nutrition for psychiatric health. So, you're at Harvard and you start instituting nutritional recommendations to help treat your patients seeking care for psychiatric diagnoses. And, from what I've heard, I guess you could say the institution wasn't so favorable about that. Well, at first, they were, you know. So, I was there for seven years and for the first six or so years they were very supportive of my incorporating nutrition into my work. And many students, particularly graduate students and some of the faculty patients were very interested and motivated to change their diet. But then, there was a change in leadership after that sixth year and the new director came on and-- she's no longer there-- but the new director came on and said, we don't want you to do this anymore, this is beyond the scope of psychiatric practice. And I was forced to stop and that's one of the reasons that I left. Yeah, and hearing it now sounds is short-sighted to say that nutrition has, basically nutrition has no role in the treatment of psychiatric diseases. Well, I don't know if that was her thinking, she at least thought psychiatrists shouldn't be involved in giving nutritional advice. And you know, to be fair, psychiatrists don't have any training in nutrition, we would have to seek it out ourselves, and so I guess there's some logic there but it was unfortunate. Right, that makes sense. What authority do you have to recommend nutritional therapies? Well, exactly. Well, what authority does anybody have though, because who's trained in nutritional therapies for psychiatric diseases? Not many people. No MDs are trained in nutrition and therefore no MD should be giving nutrition advice. I don't understand how that works. Okay, so then you transition from Harvard over to Smith College. And here's where I think the story gets even more interesting. Because it's already very interesting, but even more interesting, because now you're in an environment where people have not so much control over their food. They're living in dormitories. Health and nutrition is not on the forefront of most college people's mind. It's an all-women's college and a fairly liberal college where I would imagine a vegetarian bias was probably fairly present when you got there. Mm-hmm. Tell me about your years there and your struggles, the challenges you found and some of the successes you saw in working with that type of population. Yeah, it really was challenging. First of all, I loved working with students at Smith and you're right. You know, most of the students that I saw, their physical health wasn't necessarily their top priority. Their mental health of course was, and that's why they were coming in. But you know, I asked every single student-- this was part of my intake interview-- every student I met with the same question, "Do you eat a special diet of any kind?" And I documented what their answer was and there was actually a very high percentage, if I remember correctly, about 8% of my students ate a vegan diet. And an even higher percentage a vegetarian diet. And, for the most part, not even for health reasons actually but for compassionate reasons. And so, you know, because of the treatment of animals and so forth. And you know, that's an emotional argument that's very hard, very hard to respond to, and I didn't try because I think it's a valid point. But when it came to their mental health, it was my job as an educated-- as their doctor and as an educated person in nutrition to explain to them either that they would need to very carefully supplement their diet, which I didn't meet a single person on a vegan diet who was supplementing properly. Or that they might want to consider including some animal foods in their diet, even if it was you know, shellfish. So, you know that was my approach but of course, that was unsuccessful. In five years, I was unable to convince any of my students to incorporate any animal foods into their diet. -Really? -Yeah. That's very interesting. And did you see a lack of progress that was sort of very frustrating to you in terms of how they were doing? Well, you know, that's a hard question because almost all of my students were struggling, almost all of them were struggling with mental health problems and you know, the nutritional quality of a diet is not just about whether or not a person eats animal foods, it's about how much junk food they're eating primarily. And the vast majority of my students were eating a lot of processed food. So, whether you eat plants or animals or both, that's the main thing that's going to be interrupting normal brain chemistry. And that was really the thing that I was up against. That was the hardest thing to work with students around. So, traditional teaching in medical school and psychiatric residency or an internal residency, is depression, it has to do with serotonin, it has to do with dopamine or norepinephrine. It's just a chemical imbalance that it's sort of hardwired and therefore, the only real treatment is drugs that will counteract those chemical imbalances. I mean, it almost sounds crazy for me to say those words, but that's sort of what we're taught. Speak to that for a minute. Well, there is a lot of truth in that, so yes, there are neurotransmitter imbalances and this has been well documented. Actually the most popular anti-depressant medication, the so-called SSRIs, the serotonin reuptake inhibitors like Prozac and Zoloft and Celexa, those medications are designed to increase the activity of the neurotransmitter serotonin in the brain, which some people associate with happiness. And so, that theory about a serotonin deficit being a cause, a root cause of depression is very, very weak. When you look at the best-done studies about these types of antidepressants, the SSRIs, they can help about 50% of people but in the fine print what you find out is that is only 10% more than placebo. Oh, boy. And there are many other reasons why the serotonin deficit theory doesn't hold up. But there's a little bit of truth in it and there's actually a little bit of truth to the dopamine excess theory of schizophrenia. And there is this new theory, relatively new theory which maybe your listeners haven't heard about. There's a neurotransmitter called glutamate, which is kind of the brain's gas pedal. And that neurotransmitter is found widespread throughout the brain where serotonin and dopamine are found in certain places. And glutamate, the brain's gas pedal is balanced by another equally widespread neurotransmitter called GABA. And so those two, the balance between those two, help your brain decide how active your brain is, the activity level of your brain. There is a lot of strong evidence coming out now that imbalances in the glutamate system are driving a lot of cases of depression and psychosis and even bipolar disorder. So, yes, there are neurotransmitter imbalances but what is causing them? That's what we always want to ask. Okay, you can add a medication to try to address the neurotransmitter imbalance but that's not going to get to the root of the problem. It's not that you have a medication deficiency. What's wrong? Why are your neurotransmitters imbalanced? So, I could go into lots of biochemistry if you want, but I will just state one thing-- and you can ask me more if you'd like-- is that if you eat refined carbohydrates and seed oils, those cause inflammation and oxidation and those turn on-- those shift your chemistry particularly on a particular pathway away from serotonin towards dopamine and further more you can get up to 100 times your normal glutamate level. Wow. Just by eating the wrong foods, primarily processed foods, particularly refined carbohydrates. If you want to unbalance your neurotransmitters, that's the best way to do it. That's impressive, over a hundred-fold just by eating the refined foods. That's pretty impressive. So, then is that how a low-carb diet works? Simply by avoiding the refined carbohydrates and the vegetable oils? Because that would just be to, you know, higher carb diets, I guess a cleaner carb version would work equally as well. So, is there a need to differentiate between the two or do you think they can be equally effective in the right setting? Well, any change you make in the right direction is going to be a good one so, I think start wherever you can and then make further changes as you go along, especially if you're not seeing the results you want. I think a low carbohydrate diet is a very, very healthy diet for the brain because when you eat a low-carb diet, you may or may not go into ketosis, but even if you don't go into ketosis, you have lowered, you've taken a lot of pressure off your brain to process all that excess sugar. Yeah. That's a great point, so do ketones matter? You know, they matter for a lot of things but do they matter for trying to treat depression or to treat schizophrenia or treat anxiety? Do the ketone bodies actually matter or is it the reduction of the glucose and the insulin? Do we know the answer to that question even? Well, theoretically, I could give you all kinds of theories about this, but we have very little clinical, documented, published clinical evidence on this. I can tell you my clinical experience and the experience of several other psychiatrists who are working in this field is that for some people it does matter, for others it doesn't. Okay. The diagnoses that get thrown around and lumped together frequently under psychiatric disorders are depression, bipolar, schizophrenia, anxiety, ADD. Do you sort of see them as fairly similar in terms of their response to carbohydrates and the restriction of carbohydrates, or is there a little variation in them? There's a lot of variation because, you know, it's not all about carbohydrates, it's not all about metabolism, although I think that takes care of a lot of what we're trying to do in terms of address underlying causes. But there are also things like food sensitivities. And in particular, with ADHD, there's really nicely documented studies-- none of them done in the United States and all of them done in the past 20 or 30 years-- where if you take children with ADHD and you put them on a very simple diet where you eliminate all of the potential common allergens and things like most of the processed food and you just put them on, you know, meat and poultry and rice and vegetables, you get a two thirds to three quarters response rate, you know, kids improving and many of them no longer meeting criteria for ADHD after just two or three weeks. Wow, that's remarkable. And that's not a low carbohydrate diet. All right, that's good to know. So, there's the treatment of "psychiatric diseases", where people are deemed to have a problem. And then there's this sort of I guess I'd call it emerging society or emerging population of people who just want better brain function, they want to be more alert, better cognition. And, you know, ketosis has been promoted for that and some people are using Ritalin for that or nicotine patches for that. Did you have experience with that? Would people come in to you for that and wanting their Ritalin? Oh, yes. So, as a college psychiatrist specializing in college mental health, every day more than once a day. Students coming in and saying, "I can't concentrate, I can't get my work done, my memory isn't as good as it used to be in high school." And most of these students were earnest, not all of them but most of them. And I believed them and stimulants really do help most of those people very quickly. They often have side effects, you can develop tolerance, you can even develop a certain type of psychological dependence on them. But by and large, they can be very helpful. The problem is again, they're not addressing the root cause. And so, you know, long term, you're just going to take that medication for the rest of your life and again, they come with side effects. What happens mostly with these stimulants is that you get kind of these peaks and valleys in your attention and so, you get hyper focused and then you'll crash. So, and there are other side effects that happen as well but, you know, again what's causing it, why can't you concentrate, that's what I'm interested in. So, you're not sleeping well, you're not managing your stress well and you're eating too much junk food because you don't have the time to prepare you own meals and think about the quality of your food and you know, I mean those have to be the top three in most college kids right. Absolutely. They're not getting enough sleep, they're eating the wrong food, they're under a tremendous amount of stress. Okay, so well then after your time at Smith, you've made another transition, so tell us about your latest adventure and what you've transitioned into. Yeah, so I made a very difficult decision to leave Smith at the end of Spring last year, so I guess it was May or June. And the reason I did that-- there were many reasons-- but the primary reason was that the nutrition work that I was so passionate about, the writing and speaking and studying nutrition, the advocacy work, it just became very time consuming and I loved doing it and it was like I had two full time jobs and so I had to make a decision. And, you know it was very difficult as you mentioned, sort of eluded to before, it's hard to do really good nutrition work on a college campus. The environment really works against you. Not just against me, but against the students' best efforts as well. Students are required to eat in dining halls, there's not even a whole-foods dining hall let alone a low carb dining hall. There are vegan dining halls and there are gluten free dining halls and kosher dining halls, but there's no, not even a whole foods dining hall if students want to improve the quality of their diet. So, now what I'm doing is a mixture of things. More writing and-- so more writing, more speaking, I've started an online consultation service for people who are interested in talking to me about diet and mental health and any other aspect that they're-- nutrition that they're interested in. And I'm working on a book about nutrition and mental health, many other little projects on the horizon but I'm really enjoying it so far. Well, that's great because it shows you're sort of two hats, you're multifaceted because you are an expert in psychiatric diseases and treating them both with medications and with nutrition. But you're also an expert in evaluating nutritional science and evaluating nutritional reports and I think that's where you've also shown your expertise and where people really look to your writings for guidance. And part of that is represented in the talk you gave here at the conference at Low Carb Denver about the EAT-Lancet report. So, this has been a huge topic in the news over the past I guess month or so. So, give us a 30 second snippet of what the EAT-Lancet report is and then we'll go into your analysis a little bit deeper. Sure. The EAT-Lancet report was published in January in a very prestigious medical journal. It was commissioned by Lancet and it was written by 37 researchers, headed by a Harvard nutrition professor, Dr. Walter Willett, who is arguably the most influential nutrition researcher in the world. And basically, what it is, is a document that lays out the argument for a very low meat or perhaps even zero animal food diet in order to improve our health-- they claim to save a million lives per year-- and to protect the planet. And the way this was publicized was that there was a science/evidence-based report on how meat is deleterious for our health and for the planet. Exactly. And are the claims backed by the information in the report? Why, they are not. And we laugh but we see this time and time again, you know, that the media overplays the results of a study or, you know, the social media just takes a snippet of something and then runs with it. But this was a bit different because this was actually promoted by the people writing it, by the authors as being sort of the be-all, end-all conclusive report. And that's a little frustrating if the science doesn't back it up, so give us a couple of examples of where you see the science falling short to back up that claim. Yeah, so there are many examples but I guess what I would say is that when they use the word "Science", "scientific evidence" that's where I would take issue because the report relied very heavily-- not exclusively-- but very heavily on a certain kind of nutritional study called an epidemiological study. Professor Willett is a nutrition epidemiologist. He is actually considered to have invented this methodology as it applies to nutrition and so, he obviously believes in the power of these studies, but most of the studies used to back up the anti-meat claims are epidemiological studies and these are not nutrition experiments. These are questionnaire-based guesses about food and health that then need to be tested in clinical trials but unfortunately, they're usually doubted as fact and published in headlines and written into our guidelines before they're even put to clinical trials. And when they are put to clinical trials more than 80% of the time those guesses about food and health were wrong. So, you'd be better off flipping a coin. So, that's my main issue with the type of evidence they used. They did use other evidence but whenever it contradicted their low meat/no meat plan, they dismissed it. Yeah, so you used a couple of examples, I mean eggs being a big one, poultry being another one. I mean, they would cite evidence to their credit, they would cite evidence that's not been shown to be harmful in most populations. So, eggs being a big one. Their only caveat was in diabetics where you could say they cherry-picked one study and they ignored others. But they did say there is other evidence showing up to you eating one egg a day was not harmful to your overall health. But then the recommendation was to eat one egg a week, right. So, how do they go from acknowledging the evidence that it's not harmful to then making such a low recommendation? It doesn't even fit. It does not fit and it's just a really good example of bias. How can you in the same breath, say all of these studies show that this was perfectly fine but we're going to recommend a lot less than that? Right. And then there was this other conflict about is this about health or is this about the environment? And it certainly seemed like they were saying both, that this is what's necessary to sustain health and sustain the environment. But then yet now there's this quote from the scientific lead I guess, saying that it was never about the environment. Do you know about that? Because I find that more confusing. I do. So, the report is 47 pages long, only 11 pages are dedicated to nutrition and then the rest is dedicated t o environmental impact, so if they're saying that it wasn't about the environment then that doesn't square. But you know, what happened was-- you know, I'm not qualified to talk about sustainability, it's a very, very complicated topic so I reached out to other people who might know something and I reached out to people with different biases. And what they pointed out to me... one particularly Dr. Frank Mitloehner from UC Davis... He pointed me to the table in the sustainability section of the report that was trying to show that eating less meat or perhaps no meat would be better for the planet. And they looked at all these environmental outcomes. The only - and these are estimated projection because we don't know what would happen of course, these are models, again these are sort of guesses. And so, they were guessing if they did everything just right and you ate this different diet, that greenhouse gases would go down. And then all of the other things-- they looked at water quality and pollution and things like that-- nothing else changed when you lowered your meat intake. But greenhouse gases seemed to go down. And we want that right? That's good. So, when Dr. Mitloehner wrote to the scientific director from Lancet and said he was taking issue with the way the calculation had been done and he wanted to know what model they were using because he wasn't sure if it was correct. And instead of answering him, they wrote back and said, well, we didn't base our dietary recommendations on sustainability, this is completely about nutrition and health. So, that was concerning. That is concerning. And gosh, I mean, I don't want to fall into just everything is biased and they just had a mission from the beginning and they were you know, they were just trying to confound people and confuse people into believing. But it seems like that was a big part of their mission and I wish it wasn't but it's hard to find the other side of this. It is hard and it's probably because they're not transparent. So, I have a bias, you have a bias, we all, you know, all of us as human beings are biased. There's nothing wrong with that and you know, you actually can't avoid it. But you should be aware of it and you should be transparent about it because that way, people know where you're coming from. So, if you are Dr. Walter Willett and you say, all right, I'm not comfortable with the idea of eating animals, I don't eat animals myself-- I mean, I don't know if this is true of him, I'm just saying hypothetically-- if this were the case, couldn't he say well, you know this is what I believe best. This is what I worry about, I'm worried about how animals are treated, I don't personally believe that it's good for us to treat animals. I worry about, you know, how they might be affecting our health even though I can't, even though I'm finding lots of evidence of the contrary. Wrestle with it openly. And you know, I think the emotional argument is a valid one. So, I don't know why they feel the need to at least seemingly hide behind nutrition science when there really isn't any nutrition science there. Yeah, that's the most troubling part of this whole thing, it's displaying something as factual, displaying something as conclusive when really, it's anything but-- And that confuses a lot of people, I'm sure you've seen this. I've seen some people who just come to you like desperate and I'm so confused because I've seen so many contradictory things and this is part of the reason for that. This is overstating the quality of evidence or the certainty of evidence. Yeah, when you were mentioning that the media plays a role in this and I agree that they do, because often, they'll just repeat the headline or the press release that the author or that the journal have given to them. But and certainly, how would they do it all--? I mean, it takes so long to read, it took me a week to read the 11 pages-- a full week, full time, a full week's work to read those 11 pages and to try to understand what the arguments were. No journalist has that kind of time or the ability to do that. And if you were still practicing in full time psychiatry, there's no way you would have had time to do that. So we're lucky to have you, that you were able to do it. Well, it was fun. You have a twisted sense of fun then. I do, I need to get out more. So, what would you recommend to people? I mean, what can we do now that this is out there and it sort of has this steam behind it? But yet, what can we do to help ourselves interpret what it means and kind of help counteract it? That's the million-dollar question. I really don't know. I'm not somebody who knows a lot about politics or power or how financial power works. There are other people who do understand those things or even the legalities in politics of this. I really focus so much on the science that it's really hard for me to even ask those questions. But what I do notice is that this effort to reduce or eliminate animal foods from the diet of everyone living on the planet is very well funded and very well organized and very powerful. And so, you know, it has the potential to affect everybody's food choices, how much food costs, what foods are available. If they're successful, this could have major consequences for us. For everyone, whether you eat plants or animals or both. And so, I do think that people who care about nutrition science, not just low-carb people because this isn't about low-carb and high carb, this is about public health and this is about social justice. And so, if you care about this, we need to find a way to organize better, join forces with other communities, not just the low-carb community but other communities which are interested in health, and find a way to send a more cohesive message and spread more information and sort of at least be able to lay out arguments to the contrary so that people can see both sides of it and decide for themselves. Yeah. That's a good point. And you know, you hinted on this, I meant to bring this up. The point about nutritional completeness. So, we need to organize better like you were saying and not just low-carb. I think that message is so important. But one of the messages can be "what diet is more complete?" and "is this a complete diet that we can all thrive on?" And the answer there is no, I mean, it's a really incomplete diet, isn't it. By their own admission, and repeatedly throughout these 11 pages and I would encourage people who are curious to just read them. But repeatedly throughout the report they acknowledge that the diet that they're recommending, is between-- let's say, let's give an example. Seven grams of red meat per day, which is a quarter of an ounce. Quarter of an ounce. That's the size of the top of your thumb. Or less than that. So, you could have up to two-- you could have up to a whole thumb's worth or you could have no thumbs at all... worth of red meat. So, you know, that diet that they're recommending... I lost my train of thought on the-- I forgot the question Bret, because I was so excited about describing this piece of meat. It was about the completeness of the diet. Oh yes. It was a good description about the piece of meat though, you can picture that. So they repeatedly acknowledge for pregnant women, for infants, for growing children, for the malnourished, for the impoverished, for teenage girls, that this diet-- for aging adults who are losing muscle mass, all of these people - that the diet, even their middle diet with the not zero meat but a little meat is nutritionally inadequate and inappropriate. And that you need to take not just B12 supplements but other supplements on top of that like iron and B2 and perhaps Omega 3. And so, by their own admission, their diet is insufficient and then of course there's insulin resistance, which in the United States and this is around the world in many places as well only one in eight of us are metabolically healthy now. So, the Lancet diet recommends a very high carbohydrate diet with on average 330 g of carbohydrate per day. And for somebody with insulin resistance, that's going to be a dangerous diet. So, this diet really isn't appropriate for anyone I can think of. So, it would be the 12 % of the population that's metabolically healthy but who is not an elderly adult or who is not pregnant or who is not a teenager, who is not growing, nobody who wants to grow or be healthy essentially. That's right and for those people that you mentioned, that very small slice of the population, even they would have to take supplements, particularly a B12 supplement. And that's a choice that you can make if you wish to. But you should know that first of all, there are other supplements you'd need to take. They really downplay the nutritional deficiencies but you should know that's, in my opinion based on everything that I have read, a vegan diet is not a healthier diet. Simply removing the animal foods from your diet, there's no proof, there's no evidence that only removing the animal foods from your diet will get you healthier in any way. And what we know is that when you remove all the animal foods and you remove all of the processed foods, then you get a little bit healthier. Right, that's a very important point because people will cite evidence saying going on a vegan diet or vegetarian diet is proven to be beneficial for our health. But that's the caveat. You're not just removing the meat. You're also removing the processed food, the junk food the refined sugars. Hard to argue with that. But the question of if you're just removing meat that's unanswered. It's never been tested, so we have absolutely no idea what happens if you simply take whatever diet you're eating now and just remove the animal foods from it. We have no idea if you would see any health benefits whatsoever. Well, it's certainly disturbing to see the way things are promoted with the lack of scientific security behind it, or scientific certainty I should say behind it. Well, on that depressing topic, let's transition to another exciting topic - Alzheimer's disease and dementia, all right. So, the baby boomers are aging. They happen to be a higher percentage of overweight and insulin resistant baby boomers and there is this fear that Alzheimer's disease is going to skyrocket and it is a devastating disease not just for the person affected but the loved ones, the caretakers, the family and of course, economically. So, it's a brain disease. You are an expert in brain diseases. What do you see as again a kind of root cause, common theme with Alzheimer's disease and a way to potentially attack it? So, you know, we were talking before about psychiatric disorders and low carbohydrate diets. We have very little evidence there. It's emerging about insulin resistance and psychiatric disorders but when it comes to Alzheimer's disease, we have multiple lines of high quality mature scientific evidence, all pointing in the direction of insulin resistance being not just associated with Alzheimer's, an innocent bystander, but also being a driving force behind most cases of Alzheimer's disease. This is, most brain experts now agree on this point. Now, what level of evidence is that? Because it's hard to do a randomized control trial, right. So, that's the highest level of evidence. I guess it's not quite to that degree, so what do you think what level of evidence supports it? Right, so we're not talking about epidemiology, we're talking about mechanistic studies, we're talking about imaging studies, we're talking about clinical studies; humans, animals, mechanistic studies, basic science experiments. Every kind of evidence, every type of evidence that you can have that isn't a randomized clinical trial is there. And it's not-- you wouldn't want to point any one of these types of lines of evidence because all of them point in the same direction and they're all very strong types of-- the study results are all very strong. Then you have a good case. And it has started to be tested in clinical trials. We have a few studies that have come out showing that if you eat a low-carb diet, even if you have early Alzheimer's disease, you can start to see little changes in cognitive functions. And there are a lot more studies to come, it's an really active area of research. But it really makes sense because Alzheimer's disease is basically-- the brain is dying and it's a metabolic disorder, the brain's not getting enough energy. It's an energy crisis. So, the funny thing about it is that yes, the brain needs sugar and even if you've got a lot of sugar, if you've got high blood sugar, that's all going to-- sugar has no problem going into the brain. It flows in, no questions asked. If your blood sugar is 400, you have plenty of blood sugar, nothing's going to stop that. The problem is that if you have insulin resistance of the body, you will also have it at the blood-brain barrier. And then the insulin won't be able to cross into the brain. And you need insulin to process glucose and turn it into energy. So, the brain is suffering from an energy deficit. An energy deficit despite the sub streak for the energy, the glucose being prevalent everywhere. It's flooded with glucose and yet it's still starving to death. So that's the thing that people don't understand. They think the brain needs sugar, well yes, the brain needs some sugar, but you know, getting it up there isn't all that needs to happen. Right, and yet, there have been hundreds of millions of Alzheimer's drugs and medications but none of them looking at insulin resistance. Do you see the tide starting to change? Do you think there's going to start to be a shift? There have been actually some studies. As soon as scientists in the communities have noticed this connection between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's, the first thing most of them did was to think, oh, we need a drug for that. So, they started to test insulin resistance medications that can lower insulin resistance. And so, some of them have worked and some of them have not. This is very, very early but there are actually studies out here looking at this. But what I would argue now and again is why don't you in the first place rather than use a drug? Why don't you lower these insulin levels naturally by changing your diet? Just makes so much sense doesn't it? It just makes so much sense. Now, would you recommend that someone has to be on a ketogenic diet to prevent Alzheimer's or to treat Alzheimer's or again just getting off of the high carbohydrate, low glycemic index, refined sugars is enough to make an improvement? How do we know when we're getting a benefit and how much effort is needed? We don't know. It's a really good question. So, it really is a matter of degree or how insulin resistant you are. I mean, this is my hypothesis. I want to make clear that this is my hypothesis, this is not fact. I don't know for sure. But what I see when I follow the trends of other diseases as we look at sugar metabolism and ketosis is that the more insulin resistant you are, the more strict you're likely going to be. And so, it's not a one size fits all. But if you have pre-Alzheimer's which is mild cognitive impairment or early Alzheimer's, chances are-- and you can get tested to find out because not everybody with Alzheimer's has insulin resistance, just 80% of them do. Only 80%. If you have resistance it's probably pretty significant. And you know, you can start wherever you can. If you can do ketosis, do it. If you need to work your way down to that and see a little - you know, I think everyone is a little bit different but I think that it's really important to make the changes that you're capable of making because it really can hurt. I think that's refreshing to hear the way you explain things because you admit when you know what you know and you admit you don't know what you don't know and you admit where you're not an expert and where you need to rely on others. And it's refreshing to hear that because especially something like the EAT-Lancet or you know, other people who sort of espouse about a lot of different topics where maybe they're not an expert or are saying things with the certainty that doesn't exist, so it's refreshing to hear that acknowledgement about what you know and what you don't know. There's a lot I don't know. Humility is a good thing, I think. Oh, yeah. It's fun to let people learning though, it's the, you know one of the things I love about it is there's so much more to learn. Every day there's something new and I can discover. Well, we've walked through a number of brain-related conditions and then quality of science related conditions, which both I would definitely consider you an expert on. So, what's next for you? What else do you think needs exploring here? Well, actually what I'm learning about now, I just spoke yesterday at the world's first carnivore conference and so I spoke about the potential for-- well why might carnivore diets be good for the brain. We hear anecdotes all the time. People say that their long-standing illness of whatever type mysteriously disappeared on a carnivore diet or significantly improved. And so, you know the question is-- if we believe these people - why would that be? Why would that be? There's a lot of things and I'm looking into that. Well I had Amber O'Hearn on the podcast and she gave a wonderful discussion about the carnivore diet. So, what are some of your theories? What are you playing with at the moment for why it would work? Yeah, so my talk yesterday was exploring all of these things but as I was preparing for it, I realized how much I didn't know. You know, there are so many other things I'd like to learn. But what I presented yesterday was sort of the-- there are three underlying reasons for pretty much any illness, right. Their toxicity, deficiency and what I call metabolic mayhem right. And so pretty much every disease can be boiled down to one of those three or all three. And so, if you're eating only meat, what you're doing is you're eating a food that contains every nutrient that we need in its proper form. Without any anti-nutrients, all-- many plants contain substances which interfere with our ability to use nutrients and all plants are missing certain essential nutrients. There is no such thing as a complete plant food that gives you all the nutrients that you need. So, you're getting all the nutrients you need and you're not getting any anti-nutrients so that's good. So, nutritionally you're good. But you're also reducing drastically the number of toxins in your diet because plants defend themselves using chemical weapons. Those are natural toxins. I want to make this clear. We have evolved mechanisms to deal with those toxins in many cases-- not all, in many cases. And so, it's not as though you know, everyone's going to die if they eat plants. But for so many of us we have sustained damage in our gut or immune system over time, from who knows what environmental insults, toxins, pesticides, antibiotics, drugs, who knows what things are in the environment? And we've lost our ability to manage those toxins because in most cases, we've evolved to either not absorb them in the first place or rapidly detoxify and eliminate them very, very quickly. So, if that's not, if you're not able to do that, those toxins get in and there are some really powerful toxins in plants that can penetrate the blood-brain barrier. And then, the third is what we've been talking about; this metabolic mayhem. So, if you eat an all meat diet, you're not eating-- you're eating very, very little carbohydrate if you're eating an all meat diet. And so of course, that really, has been shown by many of us including the wonderful Dave Feldman, in meticulous experiments, and I've done this myself, blood sugar is stone cold flat and nice and low, you know 60s, 70s, 80s on a low-carb - on a carnivorous diet, which actually was not the case for me on a ketogenic diet. Interesting. So, it's very good for when you've got fluctuating blood sugar and insulin. Yeah. So, it suggests though that there could be a damage process in the gut that could heal and then potentially we will be able to tolerate plants in the future. Potentially. I think that's something I'd be interested in seeing as this sort of carnivore community grows and if some people try to go back to a keto diet or you know, lower carb but still with plants if they do better on it. I wish-- if you ever find out how to do that, you know, to improve my metabolism and my health so that I can expand my diet, please let me know. Yeah. And I mean, it's limiting. It can be very socially limiting and difficult in certain situations but still perfectly doable because there's a growing number of people doing it. Yeah. And you would ask what's next and so, intellectually it's an area of interest for me. I'm learning more about the biochemistry of the brain and the endocannabinoid system and just things like that, just my own interest. But I don't know if you know about this but there's going to be the first ever low-carb conference in Asia next month in Indonesia in Jakarta. Oh, right. So, I'll be there, Dr Westman will be there, Gary Fettke will be there in Tasmania. And then in Switzerland, there will be a conference, a keto live conference in Bergün Switzerland and Dr. Thomas Seyfried will be there, Ivor Cummins will be there. Many, many people, so it will be wonderful. This low-carb science community is really growing and the message is spreading to more and more places around the world and more and more people are learning about it as an option, so I think it's great. I like how you said that "as an option". It doesn't mean it's right for everybody. But certainly be a potential tool in the toolbox doesn't mean it's right for everybody. Well, I really appreciate your approach and the way you see things and explain things. So, thank you for all you're doing and thank you for all your work and thank you for continuing to try and learn more and sort of be better and help educate the rest of us. Thanks for a great conversation and your excellent questions. All right, Dr. Georgia Ede from diagnosisdiet.com. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PaulSmith-iv5lh [12 likes]: I love this lady she is so level headed and honest.
  2. @albertarancher7780 [8 likes]: As a cow/calf producer, cowboy  ( female cowboy in this genderless occupation) I take DEEP offense about the ignorance of people as to how our animals are treated.. how they are fed , protected, cared for , and yes, LOVED for every day they are destined to BE on this earth .. our cows AND bulls , are our partners in this business of providing g the best and arguably the ONLY real food for humans . We have a bond AND a VOW to FEED, SHELTER , PROTECT, PROVIDE A STRESS FREE ENVIRONMENT , RESPECT AND CARE FOR AND ABOUT EACH ANIMAL AND THEIR OFFSPRING FOR AS LONG AS THEY ARE DESTINED TO BE HERE . . Whether that is 2 years or 2 , when that day comes they will be met with respect and a pain-free end just as your vet provides that for your beloved pet when you decide that it is time . However , our massive abbatoirs ,BY CANADIAN AND USA LAW, must adhere to strict regulations to provide an environment of basic  " like "  animal odors, sounds , and similar domestic structures to the ranch/ farm/ feedlot that they come from , and protected from any sights , sounds and smells that would be stressful ..UNLIKE THE LAST VISIT TO THE VET WITH ALL THE NOISES AND CHEMICAL SMELLS FROM THE CLINIC AND OTHER STRANGE ANIMALS . 
  The other side of this environmental question , is that WITHOUT the inputs of the natural animal manures which are totally complete in nutrient  values and organic matter ESSENTIAL to maintaining our soils' health and continuing on a  regenerative path .  Take the animal component away and we would be left with totally sterile soils and foods grown on them devoid of any nutritive value as we already have today  in fruits and vegetables grown and harvested on sterile ground .. requiring the same supplementation that we must offer our animals if we feed them crops harvested on these soils .. people need to do some research before they decide which side of the fence they are on .
  3. @mikmik7796 [7 likes]: The anti meat lobby is "very well funded, very well organised and very powerful," Bravo Dr Ede, you are cutting through the BS wonderfully and I'm a vegetarian who wishes in a way you were wrong but sadly it ain't so.
  4. @Appleblade [6 likes]: I wish Dr. Ede would be a bit less conciliatory regarding animal welfare. Animals are killed in the billions annually protecting crops and veggies from herbivores... the annual rate of killing from eating a beef centered diet is arguably lower than it is eating some (not all) vegan diets. So... don't concede that a vegan diet is a more humane choice so easily. I'm reminded of this because, as a kid, I watched old farmer Gunderson killing baby bunnies with a stick at the edge of his garden. When he came down the ally to sell us fresh tomatoes I was never under the impression that veggies were 'cruelty free'.
  5. @toni4729 [4 likes]: Thank you so much Dr. Ede. Keep up the good work.
  6. @250txc [3 likes]: Very interesting and well spoken DR.  Cut out sugars as much as possible is again the message here...
  7. @loridukes7273 [2 likes]: Beef butter bacon eggs
  8. @Veritas-TheGoader [2 likes]: This episode of DD has me flashing back to SNL’s NPR Delicious Dish skits.
  9. @NatC1975 [2 likes]: Antidepressants do work and they do save lives, but boy they mess up your metabolism and chemistry in the body.
  10. @clifover [2 likes]: When bias is swayed by money, by profit and the lobby driven coercion we exist under, all major studies are automatically in need of being questions.Dr. Ede is doing a great service in her willingness to ask the honest questions screaming for answers.
  11. @mthomas1800 [2 likes]: Very good information!  I really enjoyed the respectful exchange.
  12. @xo7454 [1 likes]: Going hard on high fat carnivore starting now! Thanks for the validation.
  13. @ivo69tube1 [1 likes]: ❤ Great Podcast ❤
  14. @Dj_Leoguerrero [1 likes]: Fantastic podcast 🙏🙏🙏
  15. @jolie123k: Remember even the Dalai Lama eats meat for his health.

"In 1999, it was published that the Dalai Lama would only be vegetarian every other day and partakes of meat regularly.[29] When he is in Dharamsala, he is vegetarian, but not necessarily when he is outside Dharamsala."
  16. @iury0x58: Bret Scher is a gentleman and Georgia Ede is a joy to listen to. Very nice interview/conversation
  17. @clifdunbar7405: There recommendations  are religiously  motivated satanic
  18. @Ekgoh7: 23:38
  19. @tjan3938: Vegetables are toxic. It is not healthy for anyone. I don't care if beef is $100 a pound I will still eat ruminant meat
  20. @nixodian: It  is uncomfortable that  many are espousing the carnivore or vegan diet as an elixir . perhaps it is a benefit for some. l am certain balance is key for majority. our closest relatives monkeys, apes, eat vegetation as main diet. we are omnivores eating vegetables, fruit, legumes, nuts, some meats and getting the benefits for our bodies and microbiome who feed on the fibers from veg and fruit. indeed countries with the longest longevity eat way more  veg, fruit, legumes.

- What You Need to Know BEFORE Starting a KETO DIET for Mental Health: Kind: captions Language: en-US If you're considering starting a ketogenic diet, please don't do it until you watch this video. This is especially true if you're using it to treat a serious psychiatric condition or if you take psychiatric medications. The ketogenic diet or therapeutic nutritional ketosis is a powerful medical intervention that needs to be done safely. It's also potentially incredibly effective for improving symptoms of mental illness, as well as improving type two diabetes, hypertension and other metabolic abnormalities which have been shown in multiple studies. But first, welcome back to Metabolic Mind, where we're working to revolutionize the treatment of mental illness by providing information and resources at the intersection of metabolic health and mental health. I'm Dr. Bret Scher. Metabolic Mind is a nonprofit started by Roblox founder David Baszucki and his wife Jan after their son Matt sent his psychiatric symptoms into remission with a metabolic intervention called nutritional ketosis. Our goal is to help families like theirs learn about this new approach to treating mental disorders and to offer a message of hope. Freedom from the burden of mental illness is possible. In this video, we'll explain the main reasons you may need to be careful when starting with therapeutic nutritional ketosis, including advice on how to speak to your physician when starting nutritional ketosis. So make sure you watch through to the end to get all that information. But the main points are: first, make sure you're doing this with professional help. And second, this is not about stopping your medications. Now, it may be possible to decrease or eventually stop some medications in the future, but typically that's not done for many months and only with the close support of your prescribing physician. Instead, committing to staying on your medications and working with your physician is crucial. Now, therapeutic nutritional ketosis or simply starting a ketogenic diet is a powerful health and medical intervention that can change your body's metabolism and can dramatically alter brain function, medication levels, sleep patterns, energy levels and other physiologic functions. If you have a psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms or take psychiatric medications, you should not start a ketogenic diet alone. you should only consider starting a therapeutic ketogenic intervention with careful monitoring from your health care provider or an experienced clinician. We hope you'll learn from our information and take that information to your health care provider to discuss whether therapeutic ketosis is an appropriate, safe and potentially effective intervention for you. So let's get to these four main concerns when starting a ketogenic diet, especially for those with mental illness. First, you can actually feel worse before you feel better. Second, it can change medication levels or even side effects from your medications. Third, it can significantly affect your sleep. And fourth, it can either increase or decrease your energy level, which can contribute to psychiatric symptoms. Before even getting into all that, let's hear from Harvard psychiatrist, metabolic psychiatry pioneer and author of the book Brain Energy. Dr. Chris Palmer on why he thinks it's so important to work with a trained clinician therapeutic ketosis with serious mental illnesses like severe depression, bipolar disorder or schizophrenia. So the first one that I'm going to say is that people with those disorders have serious mental disorders. That's kind of what they're called serious mental illnesses. Why are they called that? Because they're serious. And what makes them serious? They often disable people, but almost more importantly, they sometimes come with dangerous or life threatening symptoms like suicidality or agitation. So the first recommendation that I make is that if you have a serious mental illness, I really want you to do this treatment with a medical professional. I don't want you to try to treat your mental disorder on your own. Why? Because it's a serious disorder. And you deserve competent, qualified care. And you deserve somebody to get you through the treatment and manage the treatment in a safe and effective way. And safety and effectiveness are both really important. I think one of the biggest risks in starting the intervention is that during the keto adaptation phase, some patients can actually get worse before they get better. And what that means is that their depression might get worse. Insomnia can develop and that can lead to precipitating a manic or hypomanic episode. Some patients can get even more psychotic before the treatment starts to reduce their psychotic symptoms. It's important to understand the science of why and how that happens. I think once clinicians and patients understand that science, they'll understand that this is something that is still worthwhile to try and to get through. But it needs to be done in a safe way and it needs to be managed in a medically supervised way. But what I'm here to tell everyone is I don't want the takeaway from that to be that ketogenic diet is a dangerous treatment. I want people to take away: These disorders are dangerous disorders. is a very powerful treatment. And when you combine a powerful treatment with a dangerous disorder, you can sometimes have dangerous situations, but the ketogenic diet can transform people's lives. So although there are risks and although I am encouraging people to get medical supervision for it, by no means am I trying to dissuade people from trying it, because I think a lot of people it is the best option for them. And I think a lot of I've seen a lot of people completely transform their lives, go into full remission, sometimes off medications, and that just is not possible with standard treatments right now. That's such a great way to sum it up. You're combining a powerful medical treatment and you should not do that on your own. As you said, you deserve professional care. You deserve to ensure you're starting a safe and effective intervention. And according to Harvard trained psychiatrist and nutritional psychiatry pioneer Dr. Georgia Ede, it all starts with a thorough medical history. Now, now, if you know Georgia, this answer comes as no surprise. Dr. Ede is a very thoughtful and very thorough clinician and the leading clinician educator in metabolic psychiatry. So when she talks, I take note. The most important thing is that to pay close attention to medications, to existing health conditions, and to risk history, if a person is going to their clinician to ask to try a ketogenic diet for a mental health condition, it's really important to share mental health history with particular attention to any higher risk symptoms that they may have struggled with. So such as suicidal thoughts or self-injury or aggression eating disorder behaviors so that your clinical team can work with you to create a safe transition plan as well as a backup plan in case the diet isn't working or makes you feel worse. There are some cases where when you're first transitioning to a ketogenic diet, you may feel worse before you feel better. And it's not true for most people, and it usually resolves within a few weeks. But your safety has to be, of course, of the utmost importance. And so it's really important to let your providers know about all of these pieces so that they can pay attention to all of them as they're working with you. I would emphasize that this is a very - the vast majority of people have a very safe, well-tolerated intervention. It's simply that the transition, as the body is reaching its new equilibrium, as your shifting the primary source of of your energy from glucose to fat. When you're doing that, there are a lot of changes that happen in the body and these are really positive changes and really healthy changes. It's just that as that's happening, it can be uncomfortable, particularly if you start the diet too quickly, too abruptly, and if you're not paying attention to all of these moving pieces. And so one of the things that I help clinicians understand in the training program is that, you know, you can't just launch into a ketogenic diet without taking a really good history and making a very thoughtful treatment plan beforehand. So here's the first reason why clinicians warn you may want to be very cautious when starting a ketogenic diet. You can actually feel worse when you start to your body transitions from burning glucose for energy to burning fat and ketones. And this transition is frequently called the keto flu, but could also be called carbohydrate withdrawal or simply a keto transition. This transition can last a few days to up to two weeks and many people could feel headaches, decreased energy, nausea, dizziness and achiness You you can see why it's called the keto flu. It almost sounds like I'm describing symptoms of influenza now, Beth Zupec Kania, a dietician with over 30 years of experience with Keto Diet, explains her tips for avoiding or managing the keto flu. It's interesting to me that I worked with Keto flu for a long time and never knew that was a good terminology for it. We just call it we just called it an adverse effect of going into ketosis and I think keto flu really makes it sound more real and it's just a more of a pedestrian term. But keto flu can happen. It is very, very avoidable to mitigate these symptoms of keto flu by taking some sort of steps. And I worked on a little media piece with a piece with a dietician from UCLA to get this point across to people and the Charlie Foundation actually distributes this and, and I'd be happy to provide a copy to you of it. But keto flu actually is related to dehydration and loss of electrolytes from when you go into ketosis. So it can happen very suddenly if you're starting this diet all at once and it's less likely to happen if you gradually move into ketosis, which is what I usually do with my clients because they're so far away from me and I want to do this safely. So hydration and some electrolytes in terms of maybe just adding saltier foods or getting some potassium rich foods while you're going into ketosis are some simple things that can be done. The real damage in going into a severe keto flu is A: you can kind of crash and get admitted to the emergency room for fluids, which isn't fun for anyone and totally avoidable. And B: it may discourage you from moving forward because people can feel lousy for a couple of weeks. I work with people like that who just feel really lousy and then they feel great afterwards. But not everyone can get through two weeks of that. You got to be pretty motivated to survive that. But again, it's pretty avoidable if you take some prevention steps. As you heard, the good news is you can treat keto flu and diminish or maybe even eliminate the symptoms by being very aggressive with your hydration. Lots and lots of fluids. Also, adding electrolytes like magnesium, potassium and sodium can be very helpful. Now you have to be cautious if you have high blood pressure or a kidney disease. So definitely work with your physician if that's the case. But some hacks people like to use are drinking bone broth or even sipping on pickle juice, Although I want to emphasize the word sipping, they have to admit I tried drinking pickle juice and that was pretty unpleasant experience. But sipping on it is much better, I promise. And of course, you can salt your food. Some people even drink bouillon cubes that the key is increasing hydration and electrolytes which can help with this transition period. But here's another trick. As Beth mentioned, the speed of starting a ketogenic diet can impact whether someone experiences keto flu symptoms. So let's hear again from Dr. Georgia Ede about whether she prefers people doing so-called cold turkey straight into a keto diet, or if she prefers people starting a little slower. I really like. I mean, I've gradually learned over time that it is for most people much more comfortable and much more practical to go a little bit more slowly for a lot of different reasons, but particularly when people are taking certain medications that affect, say, for example, blood pressure or blood sugar. Blood pressure and blood sugar can change very quickly in the very first few days of a ketogenic diet. In particular, if you have an existing health problem and if you take certain types of medications plunging yourself in from a let's say, a standard diet with, you know, hundreds of grams of refined carbohydrate in it to a squeaky clean ketogenic diet, that's a huge shock physiologically to to the brain and to the body. You will put yourself through unnecessary misery. If you do that, there's what's the hurry? If you if you go a little bit more slowly, it'll be a lot more comfortable. I know there are some people who want to do it more quickly and for some people there's no reason why they can't. But I think if I don't know you, my recommendation would be to say, ease into it. You want to set yourself up for success, You know, you want to be able to experience what's on the other side, what's waiting for you on the other side. And if you don't get there, you're not going to be able to to to experience all of the wonderful things that are possible. Why not ease yourself in and practice simpler strategies first and over the course of several weeks, work your way towards towards ketosis. Now, I think another point that Georgia’s quote brings up is the importance of working with someone who knows you, someone who knows if you're better off starting slowly and working with simple strategies like maybe first avoiding sugar and soda for two weeks and then maybe transitioning to no grains for two weeks or something like that. There are many different ways to approach, but but the key is finding out what will work best for you with your lifestyle, with your personality, with your likes and dislikes. But for instance, others may have a personality more suited to just jumping in and going right at it and eating less than 20 grams of carbs right away. But as Dr. Ede mentioned, that's when you're more likely to get symptoms of the keto flu and you're less likely to get those symptoms if you ease into it. So you have to know what's the best approach for you. Now the second reason to be very cautious with mental illness is how it can affect your medications. This includes blood sugar and blood pressure medications as well, but also psychiatric medications. As we mentioned, is a powerful physiologic and it changes your metabolism and is a medical intervention. And that intervention can change the levels of the medications in your body, in your bloodstream. why it's so important to work with your doctor to monitor you for symptoms or side effects and to monitor to you with regular blood tests. Let's hear what the main medications of concern are from Doctor Ede. Yeah. So in addition to what I think are already aware of from the from the clinical and research work in diabetes and obesity, for example, is of course you have to you have to pay attention to any medication that affects blood sugar and any medication that affects blood pressure. Those are right up at the top of the list. But then when it comes to the psychiatric medications now, I wanted to say that everything I'm saying this is not a complete list, but that the top medications, as you asked, the most important ones to pay attention to among the psychiatric medications are the anticonvulsants and lithium. Their blood levels can change early on in the diet. And so you need to pay close attention to those. But the other really interesting thing that I've noticed as I've worked with so many people is that even when the blood levels of a medication don't change, how you feel on the medication can change. And so I teach clinicians don't just treat the blood test, treat the patient. Pay attention to how that person's feeling, because sometimes as you're going along, a medication can start to feel too strong. You might notice side effects of that medication that that weren't present before you started the diet and feeling your way through that with a patient takes some experience. You want people who are taking medications to also be able to try this diet, not just people who aren't. It is definitely easier if you're not taking There's no question about it. But so many people do benefit from this diet. So don't let that don't let that stand in the way. Okay. Now let's get to the third reason for caution. When treating mental illness with nutritional ketosis: sleep. Sleep is so important. And when some people start a ketogenic diet, they may find they sleep less. This can present as either trouble falling asleep or staying asleep or simply feeling like they need less sleep. Now, as Dr. Palmer mentioned in his previous clip, if someone is prone to mania or psychosis, a decrease in their amount of sleep could trigger a very dangerous situation. And again, that's why working with a trained clinician is so important. Oftentimes, a clinician may increase anti mania or antipsychotic medications in the beginning, or they may prescribe an as needed sleeping medication because it's so important to maintain adequate sleep rhythms and protect against mania or psychosis. But this is not something you should do on your own. Don't change your medication doses or start taking new medications. Sleep is one of the most important things to monitor when starting a ketogenic diet and to work closely with your clinician. And now the number four reason for caution when treating mental illness with nutritional ketosis is that your energy levels can change. And what's interesting is some people can experience increased energy and some can experience decreased energy. For instance, if you're going through the keto flu transition, most people will experience some degree of decreased energy, which can make symptoms of severe depression worse, although others can have increased energy which could trigger hypomania or even mania. So making it very important to monitor. And here's another great point about monitoring. As important as it is, working with your clinician and your health care practitioner, it's equally important to work with your friends and your family. Your friends and your family are the ones who see you on a daily basis and who can be objective voices about how things are changing. Interestingly, you may not notice yourself that you're not sleeping as much or you have decreased energy, or even if you're becoming a little hypomanic. But often friends and families may notice well before you do. So one important recommendation from experts in this field is to let your friends and family know what you're doing and have them watch this video maybe even so, they know what to be on the lookout for. You can help educate your friends and your family so they can be an important part of your team. So let's hear from Dr. Palmer again about why he thinks it's so important to recruit family and friends as part of your support system. Absolutely. And, you know, even if you're just somebody who's trying the ketogenic diet for mild depression or anxiety and you're trying to do it without medical supervision, it's great to have family support anyway, because guess what? Family members or friends or roommates or whoever you live with are going to have junk food that tempts you or they're going to be eating in front of you or offering you food. So it's important that people you live with, people that you go out to dinner with, understand that you're trying this treatment, that they respect, that hopefully that they support it, and ideally, maybe that they even try to do some of it with you. Maybe if they don't need a ketogenic diet, it's fine. They don't need to do that. But maybe they sit with you, have meals that are more consistent with or avoid eating the foods that are really going to tempt you, especially in the first month or two. Avoid eating those foods in front of you, you know, out of respect and compassion. But there's no doubt that family members always play a role in the treatment of serious mental disorders, whether you're using the ketogenic diet or a medication or psychotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy, family members are essential to helping people recover from serious mental illness. And they absolutely need to play a role in this intervention as well. All right. So now you may remember earlier in the video, I promised to tell you how to talk to your physician about all this. But before we get into that, here's a quick review. So when starting therapeutic it's important to do it with professional help because first you may feel worse Secondly, you can alter your medication levels or side effects that you experience from medications. alter your sleep, which may make you more prone to mania or psychosis. you may experience either increased or decreased energy. So it's clear it's essential to work with your family, your friends and your clinicians and not start this intervention alone. It is a powerful medical for a dangerous medical conditions, as Dr. Palmer said, and you deserve to be treating it as such. Now, if you're working with a psychiatrist or other physician who's aware of therapeutic nutritional ketosis or has taken Dr. Ede’s training course and is on board with all this, it's much more manageable to start right? You should have no problem discussing this with your clinician, but I mean, we have to be honest: unfortunately most people may not have that benefit, at least not yet. We hope to try and help change that, along with many others in this field. So what can you do if your doctor isn't aware of how to help someone start or how to treat mental illness with ketosis? I would say the first thing is to share this video with them and share resources like Dr. Ede’s training course or her PDF that we have linked in our description. I mean, you can be a big part of your clinicians education and this is such an important topic. We're going to dedicate a couple of videos specifically to this topic to go into it in much more detail. But here's what I think is the most crucial takeaway point: Work with your clinician as a team. It sounds simple, but it's just like any form of communication, right? Whether it's with your spouse or your friends, your boss. Being cordial and trying to work in a collaborative teamwork manner is far more successful than being confrontational. Remember, your psychiatrist has dedicated their professional career to treating mental illness, so it's probably not a welcome sight for someone to come in claiming they know more than the psychiatrist because they've watched a few YouTube videos. That's how confrontational communication starts. But a collaborative team based approach is likely much more effective. You can say what you want about the medical system, right? Insurance payments and a system that tolerates five minute doctor visits and so on. I mean, that's what's wrong with medicine. But I still believe that at their core, most doctors want to help. Most physicians became physicians to help people, especially psychiatrists who want to help people So I suggest by starting by giving the benefit of the doubt, right? Explain what you want to do, why you want to try it, and that you need your physician's help to do it safely and that you're hoping they can work with you as part of their team to ensure a safe transition to therapeutic And like I said, you can share this video with them and watch our next videos and and share those with them as well. As we go into even more detail about communicating with your health care practitioners about starting therapeutic for treating serious and we'll provide even more resources for you and your clinicians in those next videos. And as always, if you found this video helpful, please get the thumbs up and subscribe buttons and share this video with your family, your friends, and your health care providers so you can help us spread our message to as many people as possible. please leave a comment. We'd love to interact with you and hear what you found most helpful. Thank you so much for watching. Take care of yourself. Take care of others, and we'll see you next time at metabolic mind.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cliona-3395 [4 likes]: I’m doing it on my own. Major anxiety. Please help
  2. @kaylasinclair150 [3 likes]: I don’t have access to a team of clinicians that know anything about this. Have been doing keto 2 months and feel worse still and not better in every way
  3. @cjturner2036 [2 likes]: Fear-mongering about "needing professional help" to eat a proper diet is NOT helping any cause.
  4. @mudpuddles [2 likes]: So processed garbage is safe to consume on your own but a healthy diet you need medical supervision 🙄
  5. @healthyselfwithkristi7459 [2 likes]: Where where where do I find a practitioner in rural Mississippi???
  6. @snowdriftwood [2 likes]: Great video! Thanks!
  7. @thislisa [1 likes]: Your average doctor knows nothing about all of this and couldn't advise. They get almost no nutritional teaching and what they get is terribly is outdated.
  8. @fasttrack9395: Beyond your ideal legal and medical precautions, the reality for patients is that they are often faced with conventionally trained GP gatekeepers who know little about keto based treatments and are therefor not truly suitable to guide the treatments.
  9. @Lycogol: What percentage of people out there have a psychological illness but do not have a doctor and therefore are not on drugs. Maybe they can’t afford a doctor, maybe they don’t want a doctor, maybe they don’t like doctors. Who knows but i’de guess 30% or more. I know you need to protect yourself from liability but do you really believe there is a significant risk of slowly reducing carbs over 6- 12 months for those who fall into the fore mentioned categories?
  10. @Lycogol: What would be the problem with gradually reducing carbs from the average of around 300 grams down to around 100. Anyone would prefer the best health care team but that ideal is not available to many people. Transition to keto over a period of 12 to 24 months.
  11. @niknooruhafizhazrulbinmuhd4465: Hi,sorry to bother.i have a question regarding macros.if my protein is low,will it affect my progress?
  12. @raisingjalapenos4348: They all say to work with your practioner. But most practioners say keto is dangers. I think most of us have to doctor ourselves. My doctor does not think keto is good. Doing it despite his advice.
  13. @LaughandPrayandPunch: Does anxiety meet this criteria
  14. @BenAsksforHelp-k8g: When my VPN is set to USA, I sometimes can’t watch this video. Is that intentional?
  15. @AlexandraVillalobos-h9v: My doctor said that I can drink flavor water because it's better then soda maybe if I exercise before I go to sleep but it takes time for the mind to get stable and better. Like last night I encourage myself to exercise for forty minutes so I can sleep better but yeah maybe tonight before I go to bed I'm going to exercise on the treadmill for sixty minutes or maybe eighty minutes so I can get some sleep tonight
  16. @AlexandraVillalobos-h9v: There are days that I have behavior problems and days that I don't but when I'm going to go somewhere I take my anxiety medicine so I don't act crazy like example I go to the stores or to a family member house and when I take my anxiety medicine it's knocks me out for a hour while my family is driving so my mind can be calm and focus. And in fact I should watch this video once a day and then take notes so I can understand it better
  17. @kilinnnda1: Are there any professionals in Florida taking this approach? I would love to find a controlled study to be a part of.
  18. @Wanderlust246: It’s interesting that these doctors  so easily can say “get a clinician or dietitian”.   Sure, do you want to pay for it?  This country’s healthcare system SUCKS.  And unless you have extra disposable income, you can’t hire someone to oversee how you go about doing it!  So aggravating to want to improve mental health and yet we have to pay so much money for help.
  19. @aguy559: Do I need to keep track of my fat intake and its percentage of my total calorie intake? 

In other words, don’t I need to calorie count everything I eat to stay in the 70-90% range?
  20. @Merzui-kg8ds: Why have a channel that repeatedly encourages an intervention (medically guided keto diet) that is not available?  Metabolic Mind needs to provide a means for health practitioners to provide medical guidance for this keto treatment model.     The presenters on this channel are aware that there are very, very few physicians who trained to provide guidance in ANY area of nutrition, much less specialized advice re ketosis.

- Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind: Ketogenic Therapy for Mental Health w/ Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the metabolic link a medical and science focused podcast that explores the common thread of metabolism in health and disease this is where science meets Society hi I'm Dr Georgia Eid I'm a nutritional and metabolic psychiatrist practicing in Massachusetts and I'm the author of a new book called change your diet change your mind I first became interested in the relationship between metabolic health and mental health when I started studying nutrition for the first time for completely different reasons and uh came across information about ketogenic diets uh for epilepsy uh it's been known for over 100 years now that ketogenic diets can stabilize brain chemistry in people with epilepsy and as a psychiatrist who had been prescribing epilepsy medications to people with bipolar disorder for many years it struck me that if a diet could would help with epilepsy could it also help with bipolar disorder and I started to think about epilepsy because there are so many uh so many uh similarities underlying biochemical similarities between epilepsy and bipolar disorder I started to think about uh uh bipolar disorder as a sort of emotional epilepsy and started wondering whether or not a ketogenic diet could be useful in stabilizing brain chemistry in people with mood disorders and so that one thing led to another and I began to study ketogenic diets specifically not just for bipolar disorder but for all aspects of mental health so I first started incorporating nutrition principles into my clinical work in 2009 at that point it really wasn't about ketogenic diets it was about Whole Food principles and you know meeting the the brain's nutritional requirements uh with less toxicity less inflammation less oxidative stress and and then really from there as I studied the ketogenic diet more and more about 2012 2013 was when I started incorporating ketogenic diets into my clinical work uh in private practice and what I started to notice was that regardless of the diagnosis the ketogenic diet seemed to have unique therapeutic benefits that medications that I'd never seen uh possible with medications so uh whether the issue was an attention issue or a memory issue or a mood issue uh concentration issue productivity uh sleep whatever the issue was uh that a ketogenic diet seemed to have uh benefits for almost everybody who was willing to try it uh now certainly it does not work for everybody but the vast majority of people I've worked with over these many years have uh have have benefited in some noticeable and meaningful way to a ketogenic diet if they're willing to follow it in terms of the role that Ketone specifically uh how how it is that ketones specifically uh help mental health uh for example uh for a lot of people who have insulin resistance meaning that over the years uh from eating the wrong way following a high insulin lifestyle that's led to high insulin levels say for example eating too many of the wrong carbohydrates too often over many many years which places a tremendous Demand on our insulin production system and Insulin signaling system over time that can damage uh the insulin signaling system and make it uh more and more difficult for cells throughout the body to respond to insulin's important messages so this includes in the brain so what happens in the brain in people with insulin resistance is that the more insulin resistant they become the harder and harder it is for insulin itself to cross into the brain so glucose still crosses in no questions asked but insulin has a more and more difficult time and so the more insulin resistant you are the lower your brain insulin level can be so what you can see is in people with insulin resistances you can see a brain swimming in a sea of glucose and still be slowly starving to death because the brain can't process glucose to full capacity efficiently without adequate insulin when you then place somebody on a ketogenic diet those ketones will cross easily into the brain and they can bridge that energy gap uh that is left by that sluggish brain glucose processing so now uh now the brain is now running on two fuels some glucose the brain does still need some glucose at all times but all of those sputtering cells that have been trying to get by with not quite adequate glucose uh processing for a long period of time those can come back online and often even within a matter of a few days people will notice a difference in their ability to concentrate their ability to uh think clearly and and a much more stable stable mood and and better mental energy mental Clarity so um the ketones Revitalize the brain's energy Supply in people with insulin resistance metabolic health is simply the how your cells are functioning from dayto day how are they getting their energy how are they taking care of cells how are they clearing away waste products it's really the day-to-day operation system of the cell and so metabolic health is is the the day-to-day operational health of all of your cells so uh of course then it would make sense that that you couldn't have excellent mental health without excellent metabolic health because the brain is full of cells that need to have all of their requirements met so uh when people go on a ketogenic diet it's as though they're shifting their brain's operating system sort of uh uh to to a more efficient mode where all of the pathways not just one pathway here or there the way medications work but all of the you each cell's uh energy production systems operational systems manag M systems Waste Disposal Systems every system of of every single one of those cells is functioning uh uh more efficiently and so when that happens of course the brain will work better and so no matter what kind of a mental health issue you have or how long you've had it you can see substantial improvements in sort of overall brain health and overall and symptoms of a wide variety of mental health disorders so many people underappreciate the powerful role of nutrition in uh in brain health so when when I was in medical school four years of medical school we probably had two or three hours worth of nutrition education and nothing about the relationship between food and the brain and then four years of Psychiatry residency we didn't talk about food once so when I left residency I really never it did not cross my mind uh that the food choices we made were having an impact on our Mental Health and so it wouldn't be until 10 years later after practicing conventionally prescribing medications uh offering Psychotherapy and despite loving my work and really enjoying all the aspects of my work most of my patients weren't getting better and I wasn't alone um my colleagues also some of who had been practicing for decades all of our practices were filling up with patients who weren't getting that much better so uh when when I started studying nutrition and I I I came to the realization like how fundamentally important our food choices are to our brain health um what I learned was that uh all most of the information that we have about nutrition and how to feed our bodies and our brains is incorrect so what what we really need to be thinking about you know we've thought about for so long you know what is a heart healthy diet what is a a diet that's healthy for your waistline we don't usually ask what is a brain healthy diet and a brain healthy diet is very different when you look at the actual science of how cells work and how foods work in the body um what the brain needs in order to produce energy and maintain itself and work properly and maintain its beautiful balance of neurotransmitters and uh all the other important things the brain does is that you need to nourish the brain with all essential nutrients which the standard guidelines do not do you need to protect the brain from damaging ingredients in the diet which our modern guidelines do not do and you need to energize the brain safely over the lifespan in a way that protects brain metabolism and uh which our modern diets do not do and and really that last point about um about uh energizing the brain safely over the lifespan is largely to do with keeping glucose and insulin levels in a healthy range so my hope for the future of mental health uh so the reason I wrote this book it's called change your diet change your mind is because I want people to know how much more control they have over their mental health than they realize and how quickly they can experience really profound changes in the way they think and the way they feel and the way they behave uh if they understand which dietary changes are most worth making and why because so much of what we're told about brain food is is about strategies that do not work putting more blueberries on top of your oatmeal putting flax seeds in your smoothie having more dark choc drinking more red wine these strategies they don't work not only don't they work they actually can work against you uh because there's there's no science behind these strategies and uh this theory that all we need to do is eat more plant Foods more colorful plant Foods full of uh antioxidants um that superfood strategy not only doesn't it work but the foods that we're being told to consume or the products we're being told to consume that are so rich and these antioxidants are usually also loaded either with sugar or with alcohol so for example in the case of dark chocolate sugar in the case of red wine alcohol what you're doing is you might have a tiny little bit of a plant antioxidant plti oxidant inside you know those those Foods or beverages but in the case of chocolate it's surrounded uh by Sugar which is a powerful promoter of oxidative stress which is what we're trying to fight with antioxid in the first place in the case of red wine that little lonely milligram of resveratol that antioxidant red wine that's supposed to be so good for the brain is swimming in a sea of alcohol which is another powerful promoter of oxidative stress that we're trying to fight with antioxidants so I think what people I wish people understood more and what I explained in the book is that you your body doesn't need antioxidants from the outside your cells are equipped with their own internal antioxidants to deal with oxidative stress so the question is why do we have so much excessive oxidative stress in the first place and all that ex excess oxidative stress that we're told to eat more antioxidants for it's coming from the foods we're eating so if you know which foods are causing are the root cause of that oxidative stress and you remove those from the diet then your own internal antioxidant systems can mop up those excess free radicals that that we naturally expect to see from you know eating even a healthy Whole Food's diet there's a certain amount of oxidative stress that we are we are naturally supposed to see when we eat it's part and parcel of food processing but uh so if you take the culprits out of the way and let your body you can let your you can trust your body to do the rest so when people go on a ketogenic diet especially if it's a Whole Food's properly constructed well formulated ketogenic diet the one of the reasons why that is such a powerful antioxid strategy is because it removes so much of the sugar and flour and other refined carbohydrates uh that promote the oxidative stress in the first place so the metabolic Health Summit is important because it focuses on uh really the root causes of most of the chronic mental and physical health diseases we all fear so whether it's depression or Dementia or obesity or cardiovascular disease or fatty liver disease certain forms of cancer um all of these conditions that we think of as normal normal parts of Aging uh all of these conditions which we think uh we have so little control over they're really rooted in uh living a high insulin lifestyle uh and most of metabolic Health has to do with controlling your insulin levels and not about your glucose levels because uh you know as as as so many people who come to this conference already know we're not looking at the right markers we're not we most people uh at least in this country are are are taught to believe that they I mean I think people are starting to understand they do need to pay attention to their blood sugar levels but their blood sugar levels are one that's one of the last dominoes to fall is the fasting blood sugar and that's the test that most people get when they go to their to their Healthcare practitioner uh but by the time your fasting blood sugar level is uh above normal then uh it's it's you already have a significant amount of metabolic damage what you want to know is how much insulin is it taking for you to keep that fasting blood sugar under control and because those High insulin levels are what are damaging your metabolism over time they're damaging your insulin signaling system uh they are slowly silently uh choking off your brain your brain's energy Supply and of course that's going to lead to all kinds of problems uh for every cell in the body not not not uh uh not just the brain cells but uh where it comes to the brain it's it's particular important because one of the diseases we all fear and that we feel we have no control over is Alzheimer's disease when actually we know we've been known for 20 years now that there's a there's a huge uh um uh relationship there's not not just a not just an association between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease there is actually a causal a direct causal relationship between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease and most people don't know that so most people don't know uh that there's already something they can do right now uh that that could dramatically reduce their risk for Alzheimer's disease so the metabolic Health Summit is really important because it helps get the word out to more people uh to pay attention not just to their glucose levels but to their insulin levels to all these other markers of metabolic Health such as you know to pay attention to your waistline and pay attention to your triglyceride levels uh and and uh and maybe maybe even invest in a glucose monitor for a couple of weeks and see what's happening after you eat the breakfast that you think is so healthy for you just just get curious um get and and and and feel empowered to do something to turn things around uh so many of these diseases we're told we have no control over and that all we can do is take more medication or that runs in our families and what the metabolic Health Summit does is it tells people you know this is something we already know how to manage and so you can take control right now and change the course of your future if you have the right information so the metabolic Health Initiative is really important because we need credible science-based evidence-based uh education platforms to help uh clinicians who may be more skeptical or who may uh not have enough information to see how powerful the science is and hear it from from credible sources uh that they can trust and and and then bring that information into their clinical work so um uh and I have experience with this I teach a a training program a CME accredited training program for clinicians in ketogenic diets for mental health and my experience with that uh uh uh having taught that that course for almost four years now is that people are really hungry for this this kind of information people want new strategies to offer their patients they want the information they want to be able to share new Cutting Edge uh ideas and therapies that actually work um and and and and they they they need the information and they need the tools to be able to do it so in so for example with the metabolic Health Initiative which uh you know being run by by you know scientific uh being being run by you know leading clinicians and and researchers in the field scientists in the field that I I think that that will really help to educate the next generation of clinicians so that we it will start to become normal uh and uh to incorporate these kinds of principles into into everyday clinical practice I think very quickly with the help of the metabolic Health Initiative uh people who don't practice this way are going to start to be viewed as uh using outdated outdated strategies and that's exactly what we need to happen thanks for listening to this episode of the metabolic link if you're enjoying this podcast please share subscribe follow and leave us a comment or review on whichever platform you use to tune in we hope you'll join us next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mjones2619 [17 likes]: So important to know how bad sugar harms the body, it’s also impacts Alzheimer’s and dementia the second diabetes. I’ve been on keto diet for three weeks and my mood and sleep is improving everyday.
  2. @MetabolicHealthSummit [10 likes]: Join us for a live Q&A with Dr. Ede on March 6th! Register here: https://membership.metabolicinitiative.com/georgiaede
  3. @valeriesanchez3074 [4 likes]: Keto with the addition of intermittent fasting does wonders. I personally do a 24 hr fast once a week then eat very low carbs at 12 noon and 5 pm and fast throughout until noon again. Helps to reset insulin sensitivity, heal broken cells, reduce cancer risk, lower blood pressure etc. In another video also mentioned to treat alzheimers , dementia better to perform a 3 day water fast.
Well, long story short, keto + fasting= incredible healing.
  4. @葉瓊鞠 [4 likes]: 一、講座核心內容總結
1. 飲食與腦部代謝的關係
Dr. Ede 強調現代飲食（高糖、高精製碳水、超加工食品）會引發慢性發炎、氧化壓力與胰島素抗性，這些都是導致抑鬱、焦慮、多型鬱躁症等精神狀態的幕後因素 

2. 低碳酮體作為腦部穩定燃料
在飲食導致胰島素升高、細胞阻抗時，腦部能量供應障礙，導致思維不清晰、情緒波動。採用酮體為主燃料的飲食（即生酮飲食）能提供更穩定、清潔的能量來源，有助於提高腦部穩定性與情緒控制 
3. 精神疾病與癲癇之間的相關性
她提到生酮飲食長久以來用於控制癲癇（尤其難治型），同時許多心理健康疾病（如躁鬱症）也涉及神經穩定性失衡。這些類似性使生酮飲食成為一種腦部穩定飲食治療策略 

4. 個人化飲食策略的重要性
並非每個人都適用同一種飲食方式。Dr. Ede 建議從「Quiet Paleo」開始（低敏、低碳、不加調味），若無效再進階至「Quiet Keto」，最後可能演變為「Quiet Carnivore」。透過逐步 reintroduce 食物，找到最適個人化飲食模

5. 飲食對成癮與暴食的潛在幫助
許多案例指出，採生酮或類肉食飲食後，暴食、酒精渴望或賭博衝動等行為顯著改善。這類飲食可協助穩定血糖與情緒，有助於減少衝動性

二、書中重點概念
來自《Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind》一書與講座一致的核心概念包括：

項目	要點說明
胰島素抗性與所謂「腦部第3型糖尿病」	胰島素阻抗時，腦無法有效利用葡萄糖，導致能量短缺與情緒失調 
厭惡植物食物理論	部分植物含抗營養物質（如草酸、苯甲酸、植酸等），可能加重腦部／腸道敏感者的症狀 
Dr. Ronald Hoffman |
營養完整性與動物性食物	建議攝取高品質動物蛋白質、脂肪與適量低碳蔬菜以確保長期腦部營養健康 

三、臨床與實踐建議
若正在考慮飲食介入常見精神症狀（如焦慮、情緒不穩、躁鬱傾向等），建議先諮詢熟悉代謝精神醫學或生酮療法的臨床醫師。

檢測胰島素、空腹血糖、裡脂比、炎症指標等代謝指標，有助於評估生酮飲食是否適合個人情況。

生酮並非一勞永逸，亦需搭配飲食多樣性管理、電解質補充、個人化追蹤。

四、總結
Dr. Ede 的講座與著作共同強調：

飲食是影響腦部能量、神經傳導與情緒穩定的關鍵。

生酮飲食可作為精神疾病的輔助治療策略，特別對於難以控制的情緒或衝動症狀有潛在益處。

強調從簡到嚴漸進個人化飲食調整，並非所有人都適合走到最嚴格的Carnivore。


資料來源
你說：
Quiet Keto 飲食、實際餐單範例

好的！我整理一下 Dr. Georgia Ede 所提到的 Quiet Keto 飲食概念，並附上幾份實際餐單範例，讓你能更清楚了解。

一、Quiet Keto 飲食核心概念
Quiet Keto 是 Ede 博士提出的低刺激、低敏感版本的生酮飲食，目標是：

維持酮症，提供腦部穩定能量

減少潛在發炎與食物過敏原

降低消化與精神負擔

基本原則
極低碳水

碳水攝取量通常低於每日 20 克淨碳水

移除高糖、精製澱粉、水果（少量莓果可後期視情況加回）

中高脂肪

來自天然動物脂肪（牛油、豬油、雞油、鴨油、魚油）、初榨橄欖油、牛油果油等

中等蛋白質

以肉類、魚類、蛋類為主

限制或暫停高敏蔬菜

暫時減少茄科（番茄、茄子、辣椒）、高草酸蔬菜（菠菜、甜菜葉）

常選用低刺激蔬菜（西葫蘆、花椰菜、白菜等）

不使用加工調味料

降低食品添加物與潛在過敏源

逐步重新引入食材

當症狀改善後，可慢慢測試蔬菜、香料、乳製品等耐受度

二、Quiet Keto 實際餐單範例
以下餐單以每日 2～3 餐為範例，可視個人作息調整。

範例 1（初期適應期）
早餐

雞蛋 2 顆，用草飼牛油煎

牛油果半顆

黑咖啡（可加 MCT 油或鮮奶油，若耐受乳製品）

午餐

鹽煎牛小排（油脂不去掉）

清燙四季豆（少量橄欖油拌）

鹽、胡椒簡單調味

晚餐

烤鮭魚（附魚皮）

花椰菜泥（用奶油與鹽調味）

西葫蘆絲拌橄欖油

範例 2（穩定期，可增加食材變化）
早餐

培根 2 片 + 半熟蛋 2 顆

牛油果 1/4 顆

黑咖啡或草本茶

午餐

烤雞腿（保留雞皮）

白花椰菜＋奶油

橄欖油淋少許檸檬汁

晚餐

烤鯖魚或沙丁魚罐頭（橄欖油浸）

青江菜或白菜

少量牛油提香

範例 3（進入長期維持）
早餐（可省略，進行間歇性斷食）

黑咖啡 / 草本茶

MCT 油或牛油咖啡（若適合）

午餐

羊排 200g

烤蘆筍（橄欖油拌）

奶油花椰菜泥

晚餐

烤牛肋條

西葫蘆與香菇（橄欖油炒）

鹽、胡椒調味

三、Quiet Keto 的補充注意事項
電解質補充：生酮初期容易流失鈉、鉀、鎂，可透過鹽水、骨湯或補充劑補足

水分攝取：每日足夠水分，避免脫水與酮流感

追蹤反應：觀察情緒、睡眠、腸胃及能量變化

逐步調整：如症狀穩定，可慢慢測試加入香料、不同蔬菜甚至乳製品
  5. @mataserda212 [4 likes]: What is the best way to contact Dr. Ede?  My wife and I would like to try this ketogenic diet with our son.  We want to monitor him closely for at least  30 days.  We don’t want to eliminate his medications without his doctor’s recommendation.  We would like Dr. Ede’s recommendation.
  6. @Latrelle59 [2 likes]: That's all great but most people can't afford the quality food it takes.
  7. @michelbourassa2369 [2 likes]: Would keto diet help in schizophrenia? Thank you.
  8. @EtienneLeBoeuf [1 likes]: The no 1 biomarker for how well you will age is natural hormone production. When hormones decline health and wellness declines. Sarcopenia arrives loss of bone density and reduced activity levels along with cognitive decline poor moods and increased stress. This is why all biohackers are on TRT to attempt to compensate for this deficit. I went from 334 to 960 in around three months all natural no TRT. This book should be essential reading for all men. Written by a 50s guy with natural T levels higher than most 20s guys
Complete guide to testosterone by james Francis
  9. @jeffcrozier317 [1 likes]: Excellent summary. A keto diet turned my depression around. I had tried virtually every treatment short of ECT, and only a keto diet was effective and durable.
  10. @alessandrodimeo6570 [1 likes]: After day two I felt so down that I had to take a latte macchiato and felt well immediatly, I think I will be doing this until I can live without the milk. (Max 2 per day, so I keep the carbs as low as possible).
  11. @AdamEdwards-m3g [1 likes]: I’m 4 weeks into keto and I’m hoping it helps to alleviate my OCD symptoms.
  12. @bryandaves1005 [1 likes]: Commenting for the algorithm
  13. @laaaiaaiaisa [1 likes]: I'm ADHD and have intolerance (blood tests done) of dairy, egg and yeast, fodmap and histamines. PLUS coeliac disease. Have no idea how to do a keto diet with what I have available..
  14. @nusrathidayatullah5293 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr very appealing and interesting information especially the recent advances in mental health
  15. @dbiswas123 [1 likes]: Thank you for providing such an informative video; I truly appreciate it.
  16. @stanibol [1 likes]: Some good insights there!
All i would add, anyone over 12 years old with weight issues compounded by  mood swing, 'teenage blues", could benefit from parasite cleanse & binders.
Anyone who decide to opt for keto or carnivore diet should do several parasite cleanses thru the year  .  Herbal as well as vet meds .
  17. @kylew.f.7812 [1 likes]: Any suggestions for an MD, psychiatrist, nutritionist, endocrinologist, internist who are aware of your work/research in Houston, TX? None are listed on your website..... I'm 68 year old woman first diagnosed with depression in 1991. Life-long habit of under-eating; recent diagnosis includes ARFID and OCD with hoarding aspect. Focused now on simply eating. Diagnosed pre-diabetic in January 2024. Adopted as infant; learned last year that birth mother died of pancreatic cancer. Thank you, in advance, for any direction. I will be in Massachusetts late April/early May.
  18. @user-xk1ze2dt6h: Thank you !
  19. @ramyapriyadarshini1318: By no
  20. @NikiKrieger: anyone reading this message go find the book the hidden herbs by anette ray. that's the one book that really did it for me

- Can a Keto Diet Cause Hypomania, and How Can It Be Avoided?: Kind: captions Language: en-US I don't want worry about these uncommon symptoms to scare people unnecessarily away from trying these very healthy, very powerful, potentially very therapeutic interventions. Please don't let that be the only reason why you don't consider these diets. - Should we be concerned about the risk of hypomania when treating bipolar disorder with a ketogenic diet? Well, let's hear what two experts have to say. Welcome to Metabolic Mind. I'm Dr. Bret Scher. Metabolic Mind is a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group where we're working to transform the study and treatment of brain-based disorders by exploring the connection between metabolism and brain health. But first, before we get into this, why are we even talking about hypomania and a ketogenic diet? Well, as we've explored here at Metabolic Mind there's emerging data and clinical experience indicating that ketogenic therapy, starting with a ketogenic diet, can safely and effectively help treat symptoms of bipolar disorder. And ketogenic diets can also help treat common adverse effects of many psychiatric medications such as weight gain and metabolic dysfunction. We have many videos delving deeper into these issues that we encourage you to watch for more information. But some providers and individuals have noticed an increased risk of symptoms of hypomania when transitioning onto a ketogenic diet. But without large scale trials, it's hard to know how much of a risk this poses. Should someone avoid ketogenic diets because of it, or is it completely insignificant and we can ignore it, right? As with many things, it's likely in between those two. So we'll hear from metabolic psychiatry pioneer Dr. Georgia Ede and licensed mental health counselor, Nicole Laurent, and they'll describe their experience and their approach towards the risk of hypomania with ketogenic therapy. So, what’s the conclusion? As you’ll hear, experts in the field agree that the risk of hypomania when transitioning into ketosis is real and certainly can happen But many experts maintain that with appropriate knowledge and preparation and with proper clinical guidance it can be entirely preventable or treatable if it does happen. And as Dr. Ede will say, she doesn’t believe it should preclude anyone from trying ketogenic therapy. But before we hear from our experts, please remember our channel is for informational purposes only. We're not providing individual or group medical or healthcare advice or establishing a provider patient relationship. Many of the interventions we discuss can have potentially dangerous effects of done without proper supervision. So consult your healthcare provider before changing your lifestyle or medications. So how often does hypomania occur with ketosis and how serious is it? - So from my clinical experience, what I see is, yes, there is a risk of hypomania, not just hypomania. There's a risk of lots of different ripple effects on mental health that are temporary, usually quite short-lived often minor things, not just hypomania meaning sort of mild manic symptoms or excitation, but also depression, anxiety, irritability, insomnia, and poor concentration, and low mental energy. You know, and so there are many different symptoms that people can experience as they're transitioning Not only are these symptoms largely preventable if you approach the diet in a particular way, meaning that you transition gradually onto the diet and that you put certain protective mechanisms into place, for example, electrolyte supplementation and educating the patient about what to expect. So there are things you can do to reduce the risk of these already very uncommon and usually mild disturbances in mental health. So, but again, these are usually temporary and, and usually by week three, they have resolved. - Now, we can also ask what the science says about it, but we have to acknowledge we don't have large scale trials with thousands of patients, at least not yet. But Dr. Ede points to a study she co-authored with Dr. Albert Danan in France that showed some encouraging results. - In the case of the study that we that we published last year, there were 28 patients with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and major depression, who started a whole foods mildly ketogenic diet in a hospital setting under supervision. And those patients none of them experienced any worrisome worsening of their psychiatric condition that required any special psychiatric management. And that's very reassuring. So now that doesn't mean it can't happen. It can, and there are lots of reasons why it could happen. And, but if you, if there are simple things, there are simple steps you can take to minimize or even eliminate the risk of these happening. So that's what I teach in my training program is how can you minimize the risk? What do you need to watch out for, and what do you, you know, what do you do if they do occur? - But here's another important point we have to keep in mind that not all increased energy is hypomania. As many people do experience increased energy with ketogenic diets. Let's hear from Nicole Laurent. - You do get an increase in energy, and not all increases in energy is a sign of a pathological mechanism going awry, right? So it can be a little bit difficult to figure out if someone is hypomanic or if they're just experiencing an elevated mood, they feel better and they have more energy. So the thing that I look at clinically and that I track is sleep. And I have them track sleep. And if that starts to inch up in real ways, you know, it's bedtime is an hour later. Oh, bedtime was two hours late...two hours later. Now, you know, it's only, I'm always sleeping four hours a night. So we catch it really early. So I say that as soon as sleep starts to become disrupted more than a night or so, maybe two, then it's time to talk to the prescriber about whether it's time to use the bridge medication or not. - Now, both Dr. Ede and Nicole have mentioned transitioning slowly into a ketogenic diet, but what does that exactly mean? Well, here, they each explain it and they have a slightly different take from each other. So it's interesting to hear - How slow or fast we go with that. Of course, some of that is behavioral, how they're transitioning to the ketogenic diet and they're putting things in place to be consistent, because I think it is not good to do it, run out of food or figure out what you're going to eat, go off of it, go back on it, go back off of it, go back on it. I think that is really not a great thing to do. So those behavioral pieces, so usually about four to six weeks is what I like to transition people onto a ketogenic diet with from their baseline carbohydrate intake that their body is expecting - I ask everybody to start with a diet that contains 90 grams of carbohydrates per day, rather than plunging themselves directly to 20 grams of carbohydrate per day or so, right? So that brings you, because most people are eating 200-300 grams of carbohydrates per day. So that just sort of eases you and brings your insulin and glucose levels down more gradually so that you're not, it's not such a shock to the brain and to the rest of the body. And I ask people to do that for two weeks. And there's another very nice way to do it that I learned from Beth Zupec-Kania and Denise Potter's Keto Mastery course is to have people change one meal at a time. So first you start with keto breakfast, then you get that down, then you add a keto lunch, you get that down, and then you transition your dinner and after a couple of weeks or so, you're eating three meals a day that are ketogenic. So there are lots of kind of, you know, friendly ways to ease yourself onto these diets. - Another important topic is how to approach using bridge medications or potentially increasing dosages of medications. We've heard anecdotal reports of patients taking extra medications, or at least having them handy when starting a ketogenic diet. Now interestingly, Nicole, as a non-prescriber, and Dr. Ede as a prescriber have different approaches to this topic, which kind of makes sense given their different clinical scopes. So here's what they have to say. - Risk is very real. And so that need for having a bridge medication on hand, I will actually not work with someone with a bipolar diagnosis unless they have a collaborative prescriber and we confirm that they have that bridge medication on hand. And whatever that looks like for them, that's a conversation with their prescriber. - I wouldn't personally, my prescribing style, I wouldn't personally prescribe a medication unless unless I already knew it was needed, I wouldn't use it prophylactically. And I don't find that I need to, to use prophylactic medicines. So my preference is if I... Is to educate people about what to expect. To put these specific procedures in place to minimize the risk. And then if something does happen, I want them to contact me. I tell them what they can do if they can't reach me, but I, they can reach me. So all you have to do if you're, if you're in a worry, and I put this in the book as well, you know, if you're experiencing worrisome side effects of a ketogenic diet that are too great to bear or concerning in any way, all you have to do is stop the diet. By having a generous serving of carbohydrate, let's say an apple or a sweet potato, within an hour or two, you will no longer be experiencing those transitional symptoms. You can go back to the drawing board. So safety first, go back to the drawing board, and then we can troubleshoot, say, how can we reduce the risk of this? And maybe we do need to use a medication next time around, but I would not normally do that in the, you know, with every patient because it's almost never necessary. That's a really interesting approach Dr. Ede employs. Simply using carbohydrates temporarily to address worrisome hypomania symptoms, then troubleshooting to get right back on track. And that's another reason why it's so important to work closely with an experienced provider to help address these concerns in the safest and most effective manner. Depending on the individual and their specific mental health condition. And finally Dr. Ede describes how she would talk to a patient about the risk, and Nicole shares how she suggests her clients talk to their physicians. - Just be on the lookout for, for any worrisome symptoms, you know, emerging signs of mania or hypomania and especially sleeplessness or any kind of agitation that might be concerning. If you see any symptoms at all that you that are concerning you, please let me know. But because we do sometimes see these when people are transitioning to the diet, but they're usually mild and they usually resolved by week three. - I would have them go to their physician and I would say, I'm gonna be doing a ketogenic diet. It's a metabolic therapy for the brain, and it has the potential to cause hypomania or mania initially, and we don't know why that happens necessarily, although we have some hypotheses. But in doing the ketogenic diet, I need you as my prescriber to help me manage that possibility. I need you to work with me to discuss what types of bridge medication or dosages of my current medication that I could use that would help keep that under control and would ensure that I sleep properly during that initiation phase. I really appreciate their expert input. As you've heard, the risk of hypomania is real. But we'll let Dr. Georgia Ede sum it up with her key takeaway. But before we do. Thank you for joining us at Metabolic Mind. We hope this was helpful. And if it was, please click the thumbs up and subscribe buttons. And please share this content with anyone who you think may benefit from it. And also, feel free to leave us a comment as we'd love to hear you from your experience. All right, now let's hear what Dr. Ede has to say to sort of sum all this up. - Again, this doesn't happen to everybody. It's usually mild and it's usually very short lived. So I certainly don't want people to plunge themselves on a ketogenic diets without supervision, especially if you're taking medication or have a history of any serious symptoms, safety first. But please don't let the theoretical or the or that small possibility that these could happen to you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @unrespiro [7 likes]: I was actively suicidal before I decided to give keto a try. I have cfs/me and life is shit with it. I decided to try it because supposedly it gives energy, and it was my last chance. I transitioned slowly and after a month I started to have more energy and such a good humor! I think I'm mildly hypomaniac, I'm so happy and energized, which is ok, but I started to sleep a lot less and I also want to spend money. I'm very cautious and I'm observing myself, and also asked my family to observe me too, so if needed I can go to hospital and ask for help. But I do enjoy this, I won't lie. Sfc/me is death in life, so having energy and good humour is so priceless!
  2. @unhinged.m1nd [5 likes]: 9:59 having an apple when going thru transitional difficulty
  3. @debracalvin6737 [4 likes]: This happened and I remembered she said to have an apple. I did and within 15 minutes I felt calm and fell asleep. Going a little slower now.
  4. @lancedethian8043 [4 likes]: I would love to see a video addressing the topic of socializing on the keto diet. So much of the human experience is predicated on "breaking bread" with others and there's got to be a psychological impact on having to navigate not eating the foods that everyone else is consuming at a wedding, dinner party etc.. i particularly have wrestled with this and wondered if the therapeutic effects would still be felt if one were to break out of ketosis one evening a week, fast the next day and get back into ketosis for the remainder of the week. This is the case for me as i have a bible study group once a week where a different person each week opts to cook dinner for the group. I don't want to forfeit the social , and often times mental, benefits of fellowshipping with friends and church goers but on the other end of that coin in breaking out of ketosis
  5. @paulcorfield_artist [3 likes]: I'm bipolar 1 and also aspergers. Been doing keto for about 18 months and feel very good on it. Before  keto I used to enjoy my coffee but on keto I find coffee way too stimulating and get mild hypomania any time I drink it. So that's something I've had to cut out. A couple of times I've dipped back out of keto for maybe  a week or two and then my brain feels completely chaotic. Then I get straight back onto keto and do experience a slight heightened mood for a couple of days when the transition back to a ketogenic state happens.
  6. @RIOT690 [3 likes]: As I watch this I feel jumpy. 4th day on keto. I jumped full keto literally in 1 day lol. This is literally Adderall
  7. @yasukeisntreal [2 likes]: I'm not bipolar, maybe mild depression for last 2-3 months because of circumstances, but when I started keto I felt like I'm on drugs for a couple of days.
  8. @rahayuniw9968 [2 likes]: I really love this channel. It gives me a lot of insight that I've been searching for. I've been on bipolar 2 since 2013. I used to be on a keto diet, but when I felt better, I moved to another town. I wasn't on a keto diet anymore, but still on medications. Moving to a new place really makes me realize that depression and anxiety happen almost often. Now, I've been on keto diet again for almost a month, I still have mood fluctuations, but I think I'm getting better.
  9. @JackAvery-t7m [1 likes]: Be very careful with this information. I am Bp1 and have been off medication for over a decade because the side effects outweighed the benefits. Ketosis will not only throw me into hypomania, but elongate my manic states which on average last 4-5 weeks with no breaks inbetween. Very dangerous if you are type 1, as we have much more severe episodes but are not constantly cycling like type 2. Glad this works for many of you with BP out there but beware if you are in the rarity like myself, ketosis will turn you into a fear-nothing, zero fucks given, unhinged rampaging beast. Use caution
  10. @carlharmeling512 [1 likes]: Hypomania is the most desirable mental state for the artist, the musician, the poet, the philosopher and the scientist. This is where the bold thinking and the grandiose ideas are formed that eventually turn into mainstream doctrine. There is always the danger of descending into a true mania which is by definition destructive and ends always in catastrophe. Like a formula one driver who is pushing the limits of speed yet brilliantly in control of the vehicle. This is both exhilarating and terrifying. Coursing the line between controlling the energy and veering  off into chaos.
  11. @Annalwayslearning [1 likes]: I find this if I do a fat fast for a couple of days. 

It produces more energy than I know how to use safely! My thinking and movements become fast and uncoordinated. 

I think if I carried on at this point it would lead to insomnia and potentially some kind of harm so I just add more protein in for a while to reduce my ketones. 

I don’t use carbs for this purpose because (for me) they bring other symptoms such as joint pain and blood sugar issues.
  12. @reb460-e2c: Thank you. Great reminder that a gradual transition to ketosis may work better, especially if a person is insulin resistant.  Initially testing/tracking fasting insulin may help determine how fast to transition.
  13. @MancunianInLondon: I get euphoria when I do prolonged fasting or eat a ketogenic diet. I can go for a long time with no sleep. Literally feel like I can run a marathon. Its really weird
  14. @Ghriangraf: I had fatty liver and depression , chronic fatigue, apathy, and the keto diet gave me energy again and at first I didn’t understand lol.
  15. @paulinecarr7695: Anyone no of a support group in Australia?  Im gaining massive weight on keto.  Thanks
  16. @LauraCasey-t9v: I have Dysthymia, a form of depression, and I experienced ahyperness…not sure about hypomania. It did affect my sleep for a while, but got better in a very short time.
  17. @magdalenatomaskova4194: I was on keto diet for 3 months incl measured blood ketones. I tried to come off my meds and ended up with psychotic mania in hospital. My psychiatrist stupidly agreed to Seroquel reduction from 150mg to 50mg. This happened partially due  running out of 150mg tablets so I started using 50mg tablets. He said it should be OK. Instead I was manic within a week. How come that ketogenic diet didn’t help me??? Now another psychiatrist wants me to stay on Lithium for the rest of my life.
  18. @livelife6214: I want into hypomania on keto and I really liked keto and I want to go back on it
  19. @PavanMehta: I'm experiencing hypomania on a keto diet. Hope it goes away sooner
  20. @LightbyLarry: vegan keto made me extremely hypomanic when I tested it (no question it was hypo mania but you could call it mild and able to function). maybe I didn't to it correctly and had some inflaming foods or was not high enough in ketones.   I tested it several times for 3-6 weeks,.  Whole food plant based no gluten or fruit high carb well cooked starches leaning macrobiotic keeps my  bipolar out of my life...we used to say about macrobiotics you get "macro mellow"....(I am vegan 35 years and oil free vegan like the founder of whole foods market and others are..mayor of NYC for example.  I have been off meds for 25 years now...Not saying it's perfect but there are other ways to heal bipolar with food.

- The Honest Truth About Keto: Real Benefits and Real Risks: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Self Principle. As always, I'm Dr. Sean Hashmi. Today's topic is all about getting a full understanding of what is the ketogenic diet. More importantly, what's it good for and what are the side effects you really want to know about. So with that, let's dive into the evidence. Now a little background on this. You know, ketogenic diets have been around for a long time. It's really been around since the 1920s. They've been used to treat all sorts of things like epilepsy, which is what they're really well known for. But the concept is simple. It's really about a very low carbohydrate diet with moderate to low amounts of protein, and the rest of it is fat. So with that, there's different types of ketogenic diets that you want to understand. Let me give you a few of the basic definitions that you want to keep in mind. There's the classic ketogenic diet. Now by classic, there's two varieties. There's the four in one or the three in one. These are just ratios. What that means is if you look at the energy from fat in a classic four to one ratio, what you're looking at is 90% or so is coming from fat. Two to 4% is from carbohydrates in about six to 8% is from protein in the classic three to one. It's also about 85% to 90%. Fat, two to 5% is from carbohydrates and eight to 12% is from protein. So just a little bit more protein. Then there's the modified Atkins diet version, which is really the one where people who are looking to have a little bit more flexibility, a little less fat. They do this version. So here you have about 60% to 65% from fat, five to 10% from carbohydrates and about 25% to 35% from protein. So by increasing the protein content of it, you're still getting the ketone bodies going. But you're having a little bit more flexibility in what you can eat. There's a couple other variations that try to give you a little bit more carbohydrates in there. But just realize the big concept here, once again, is really getting a significant percentage of your calories from fat. All right, let's dive into ketogenic diets and the different types of diseases. Let's start with epilepsy. So what the data shows is that ketogenic diet since the 1920s have been done and used successfully for reducing epileptic seizures going on in patients where there's children or adults going on. Now, in this particular case, the study that were explaining here, there was a randomized clinical trial. 75 people were in it, age was 16 and above. And what they saw was that in terms of the completers of the the study, people stuck with the study. Towards the end, the number of people who had greater than a 25% seizure reduction was 167% higher in the arm that followed a ketogenic diet versus the control arm. So this is really important to understand that the data continues to be quite robust when it comes to ketogenic diet. Now, in terms of dropout, though, that significant got 35% of the people dropped out of the study because they just couldn't handle the rigors of the ketogenic diet. And the biggest side effects were things like constipation, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and reflux. Now, GI side effects are something that's definitely important because in the ketogenic diet they could be pretty intense. How about moving on to Parkinson's disease? In another randomized control study, this one lasting eight weeks, had 47 people in there. I was comparing the ketogenic diet 16 or less grams of carbohydrate a day versus a low fat diet, which was looking at less than 42 grams of fat a day. And what they found was that the ketogenic group had a much greater improvement in nonmotor symptoms. Things like their mood was so much better, their cognitive or memory was better, fatigue was better, sleep was better. All in the ketogenic diet arm moving on to multiple sclerosis. In a six month single arm open label study. They were about 20 people in that study. What they found was that the people who are able to stick to the ketogenic diet in the multiple sclerosis treatment arm, they actually had a significant reduction in their BMI in their total fat mass, in their fatigue, in their depression levels going on. Now, this is important because an Ms movement is limited. So all of these changes are having simply from diet alone. But the side effects were also very significant in terms of the GI stuff that we talked about when it comes to things like headaches, migraines, cluster headaches. In a prospective open label Singer armed trial, they were about 18 people in the study going on. Out of those 18 people, the group that was part of this low carbohydrate ketogenic arm did. Out of these 18 people, eleven of them had full headache remission. Just think about that for a second. Following that ketogenic diet, eleven of them had complete resolution in their severe cluster headaches going on, and four of them had at least a 50% drop in their monthly attacks going on. So quite substantial. In another study with 35 overload on obese patients who had migraines going on in the folks that were following the very low calorie ketogenic diet were so the very low calorie non ketogenic diet. The folks in the ketogenic arm had a reduction in migraine days by close to four less days of migraines per month. That's substantial as well. Weight loss was Interestingly simple, similar between the ketogenic and non ketogenic group. And then lastly, when we look at memory, as we think about sort of the impact of ketone bodies on brain health, what we find is if we compare a high card to a low carb study and this one was a randomized study, 23 people, they all had agerelated, memory decline. They were all about average age of 70 give or take. And what they found was that on memory tests, the folks that were following a low carbohydrate diet did much better. So so far, it looks like as far as migraines, epilepsies concern, memories, concern, it does look like ketogenic diet has something positive to offer. As far as helping people out. Let's keep going. Let's look at some more data. Here's a meta analysis that was done last year 2020, and they were looking at 38 randomized control studies. The end was about 6500 people and they were really comparing low carbohydrate versus low fat. And what they found was that around six to twelve on the low carbohydrates did better in terms of things like weight loss, triglyceride and even HDL going up. Now let's jump topics and get into diabetes. Now diabetes is really devastating. And as you know, it's one of the biggest causes of kidney disease. Well, what's the data would type one and type two when it comes to ketogenic diet. So in this observational study of eleven adults would type one diabetes. They basically had continuous glucose monitors so they could check their sugars all day long. Now what they found was that 74% of the time the people following the ketogenic diet were in the normal or Recon recommended sugar range going on. And it was only in about 3% of the time that they were higher versus the folks that were following the control diet or than normal standard diet were significantly out of range and had marked variabilities going on. But and here's a big issue in terms of the low sugar episodes. The folks in the type one diabetic arm had about six three episodes if they followed the ketogenic diet per week versus one to two episodes if they were the standard diet. Now, low sugar episodes can be very, very dangerous. And there is concern about being able to successfully monitor for those so bad things don't happen. How about in type two diabetes? So in another study, 84 participants randomized study to either low carb ketogenic diet or a low glycemic diet going on for 24 weeks. And what they found was that in the ketogenic diet there was better a one C control, better body weight, meaning weight loss going on, and HDL went up more than it did in the low glycemic index. So so far, once again, lots of studies that are talking about short term benefits, whether it's diabetes, whether it's weight, whether it's migraines that occur when you follow a ketogenic diet. If you look at fatty liver disease, in another randomized study, about 170 people going on, what they found was that in terms of the fact that's built inside the liver, people who are following the low carbohydrate ketogenic diet, they lost seven times more fat that was depositing in the liver than those who were really not falling that diet. Then we get into this concept of cancer. Now cancer is an ugly word, is dangerous and scary. There's this concept of the Warburg effect. And what that really means is that there's an increase in sugar uptake and lactate production by most tumor. So if you could reduce the sugar uptake by tumors, you could lower their increase in them while the ketogenic diet deprived sugar. So in a systematic review of 13 animal studies, what they showed was that nine of those studies showed some beneficial effect of ketogenic diet on tumors. But remember, these were animal based studies. In another meta analysis of eleven studies, this time around humans, they couldn't come up with the same conclusions. So the data was very inconclusive in terms of the impact of a ketogenic diet on things like cancer going on. So far, we've talked a lot about all of the benefits that you can see with a ketogenic diet, but any diet that you pick, you want to think of not just the short term effects. You want to think of the long term effects. What are the benefits to your health? How can you make sure that you are not just optimizing, your physique, your fitness ability, your memory and your long term health in terms of comorbidities like heart disease, cancer, and so forth? So when we look at diet quality, what we find is is that anytime you do a restricted diet like the ketogenic diet or a low carbohydrate diet, there is a concern for vitamin deficiency, vitamins and minerals like Diane Folded vitamin A-E-K-B, six, calcium, magnesium, iron, potassium. All of these vitamins can be low because of the fact that you're restricting so many of the foods. Remember, at the end of the day, it's always best to get your vitamins from food. Now you can take a supplement, and supplements can certainly help. But you want to make sure that you always go for food as the first thing, the other stuff that there's a potential to miss out on whenever you start to restrict things is things like fiber. It's all of those beautiful Pio nutrients that are found inside fruits and vegetables and whole grains that we know have so much benefit on things like your gut microbiome. Then there's this fascinating issue of glucose tolerance. Now there was a study that was done. It was an animal based study looking at mice and what they were looking at was glucose tolerance. And so what they did was they fed these mice, the ketogenic diet. And what they found was that they started to lose weight really fast. But at 22 weeks, the weight loss stopped. And not only did the weight loss stop, these mice started to develop significant amounts of fatty liver going on. And the problem with fatty liver is as you start to get fatty liver. And as you get fat built up inside your cells, you start to get insulin resistance. And that was the same thing they saw in this study, where there was glucose intolerance meaning as they were measuring how long the sugar was lasting in the animals bloodstreams. It was much longer going on, and also their beta cells, which produce insulin, the size of the beta cells and the number of beta cells was also reduced at 22 weeks. Then here's a study that was done in healthy men and this particular case, they had six healthy men going on. They consumed a high fat, low carbohydrate type diet. And what they found was that the insulin stimulated glucose oxidation was significantly lower after a high fat, low carb diet. What does that mean? That the sugar that these folks were consuming from their food was lasting around a lot longer? So what a high fat diet? The danger there is creating insulin resistance throughout your body, and that becomes an issue. Now there was an interesting study published this year that did a head to head trial of a ketogenic diet versus a low fat, plant based diet. This was looking at 14 days or two weeks of each of these diets with a crossover design. What they showed was that in the low fat diet, what you were really losing was a lot of fat in the first 14 days. But in the ketogenic arm, what you were losing was a lot of fat free mass. So if it's not fat, it has to be water or muscle. And that's important because as you do a low carbohydrate diet, you tend to lose a lot more water than you do in terms of another diet. Now, water is not a good thing to lose. General, you can drink it back. But what you're really looking for is fat loss and his gain of lean muscle mass when it comes to heart disease. What the data shows there is in this particular study, this was twelve CrossFit adults average age 31. And these are really healthy, really fit folks. They did a twelve week ketogenic diet versus a standard diet. And what they found there was that, yes, they had a significant drop in their fat mass going on twelve four, 4%, to be exact, versus the control arm. But the LDL cholesterol and then increase a whopping 35% going on. So it's important to understand that as you do these high fat diets, your cholesterol goes up. One of the arguments is is the type of LDL that's going up is the large fluffy type. But what the data shows is both the large type and the small dense type are bad for you. But the small, dense type is worse than the large fluffy type. But at the end of the day, getting a lower LDL does matter in terms of kidney health. What's interesting is is with a ketogenic diet, there's a strong relationship to kidney stones, and the reason for that is a ketogenic diet creates a lot of acid inside your body or a condition called metabolic acidosis. This actually leads to spilling calcium in the urine or what we call hyper calcium? Why should you care? Because hyper calcium is a risk factor for performing stones. The other thing that happens is your body is able to prevent stones by having citrate in the urine. But if you create acidosis in the blood, it causes the kidneys to suck up all of that citrate inside the tubules in the kidney, back into the blood. You get low citrate filtering through your kidneys. Citrate prevents kidney stone not having enough citrate. And having increased calcium is a setup for forming kidney stones. So when you're dealing with a ketogenic diet, you have a much higher risk for forming kidney stones. When we look at kidney disease, the Nurses Health study with the 300 women, what they showed was that the highest versus lowest animal fat intake was linked with 72% higher risk micro albumin area. That's at Mark risk. And what is micro album area? It's basically spilling protein in the urine. Now you have a barrier in the kidneys, and as the pressure on the kidneys occurs, the barrier becomes leaky. You start to spill protein. That protein spillage scars up the kidney, and eventually it leads to dialysis. So the more animal fat intake you do, the higher your risk of micro albumin. Also, the folks who are concerning or who are consuming two or more servings of red meat per week, they had a 51% higher risk of micro album area. So a simple thing to think about when preventing kidney disease is cut down your intake of fat, especially animal fat. Now, for any diet that you decide to do, there's one thing that's important to understand when it comes to things like cheap taste. And this is really important. So whether you do an Atkins diet or you do a ketogenic diet, if you decide to have a cheap quote coat, you can actually damage the endothelial cells. The cells align your blood vessels a lot. In a fascinating study, they looked at nine healthy meals, and they had them do seven days of a high fat diet. At the end of the seven days, they gave them a drink of 75 grams of glucose. And so once they did that, they measured two things. One was flow mediated dilation or FMD. That's basically how well your blood vessels can open and relax and allow more blood to go through them and send. They measured endothelial microparticles. These are particles that are found inside the cells lining your blood vessels. So as those cells die and break apart, these EMP particles get released. So what they found in this study was that after that drink, they had a significant increase in these endothelial microparticles or EMPs. And they saw that those blood vessels didn't dilate as much. In other words, the flow mediated dilation went down, Markable. So if you're watching this and you're wondering, okay, well, there's so much data we've just gone through about a ketogenic diet. What is the bottom light. Can you sum it all up for me? Well, Michael Pollan has seven words, and that's been my motto ever since I started my journey in nutrition, which is eat food not too much. Mostly plants. We have overwhelming data on the benefits of a whole foods plantbased diet. We know it's good for your heart. We know it's great for your kidneys. It's great for memory. We have more and more data coming around. Longevity. The longest living people on the planet have been following mostly or predominantly a whole foods plantbased diet for hundreds of years in the past, and they've seen really great results going on. So if you're thinking about it and you're somebody who says, Look, I want to follow a low carb diet. Even then, the advice that I would give you is is look at how much animal protein, how much animal fat you have coming in. Try to see if you can reduce that. Every step counts. You know, food is not just medicine. Food is culture. And I want to shift you away from this idea of the perfect diet to becoming balanced, to becoming sustainable, to being humble about the fact that life is a journey, and none of us have it figured out. So thanks so much for checking out this episode. And if you like it, I would love to hear your comments. Please share. And this would really help us to continue our mission to help people learn more about how to live their best life. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeanHashmiMD [8 likes]: There is so much to learn about diets and so much disinformation. I wanted to present a comprehensive view of the Ketogenic diet to make it easier to understand risks/benefits. The one thing not included here is the environmental impact, which is drastic.

Members get new videos 48 hours early, plus a monthly live Q and A with Dr. Sean.
Join: https://www.youtube.com/@seanhashmimd/join?utm_campaign=membership
  2. @Bibliophilist232 [2 likes]: Ketogenic diet promoters (YouTubers, all) promise great things.  Your thoughts surely reinforce my skepticism.  I’ll take my chances with plants.  Thanks!
  3. @alexalipio5579 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for sharing this information🙂
  4. @jovitaperez5365 [1 likes]: HyperKeto isn't just about losing weight—it's about reclaiming your vitality and optimizing your health from the inside out. By adopting a ketogenic lifestyle with HyperKeto, you'll experience a myriad of benefits beyond the scale. From increased mental clarity and focus to stabilized energy levels throughout the day, the positive effects are truly profound. Plus, with the abundance of mouthwatering recipes and meal plans provided, sticking to the program becomes effortless. Don't just imagine a healthier, happier you—make it a reality with HyperKeto.
  5. @krisjustin3884 [1 likes]: There is so much disagreement amongst medical professionals about the keto diet, especially in regards to kidney disease. Just choose what works for you!
  6. @lautofalologo6796 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing
  7. @melomanacejr [1 likes]: amazingly informative while at the same time being a servant for good! i love the note you mentioned about food is culture. food is life. And regardless of perceived restrictions, one can create variety.
  8. @State_of_palestine_2025 [1 likes]: I subscribed your channel sir. 
Peace and love.....
  9. @lyndayates9401 [1 likes]: Good summary but I am still confused about cholesterol levels. Early on you say that HDL and triglyceride levels increase ie.good but LDL also going up ie.bad. As I have high cholesterol even on a WFPB diet with low fat and no SOS and my doctor wants me to take statins (and I don't), I tried water fasting and then followed that with a modified keto diet for me as a vegan. It is restrictive but I am losing more weight. I find drinking enough hard and my kidney aches sometimes so this diet will not be long-term. Otherwise I feel good but no noticeable memory/cognitive improvement after 2 weeks.
  10. @pokhumale: Thank you for the well balanced view. I truly appreciate it and I have learned a lot about the ketogenic diet. ❤❤❤
  11. @fluffgirl1000: After all this I will do the diet a month…
  12. @davidkaramanus1283: As someone who struggled with insulin resistance and weight fluctuations, discovering HyperKeto was a game-changer. Unlike fad diets that promise quick fixes but often lead to disappointment, HyperKeto offers a sustainable approach to weight loss and improved metabolic health. By limiting carbohydrate intake and prioritizing healthy fats, this program helps stabilize blood sugar levels and promote fat loss without sacrificing taste or satisfaction. Trust me, HyperKeto is not just a diet—it's a lifestyle transformation.
  13. @ganapathykannan1599: Some points are misleading. Not covering all LIPID profiles.
  14. @ThatSozoLife: @SELFprinciple My goodness. I was prescribed a ketogenic diet to manage my illnesses that I am out of treatment options for. Psoriatic arthritis, Ehlers danlos syndrome, myasthenia gravis, dysautonomia, fibromyalgia and gastroparesis. It helped manage those things for a while. BUT then I ended up having protein in my urine and my GFR dropped from 115 to 82. I was shocked. But I had been eating 80-100g protein and 125g of fat a day. I didn’t feel great but my illnesses were quiet so I kept going. 

I’ve tried to eat WFPB but the fiber exacerbates my gastroparesis even in smoothie form. So now I’ve dropped protein to 65g a day and only eat meat once a day. (I weigh 113 at 5’5) I want to eliminate animal products even more but it’s super hard. 

I’ve failed every attempt to heal. My stomach just doesn’t function well enough. I was on a feeding tube for 8 mos and I don’t want that again. Unfortunately animal products are easier on my system. But I’m trying really hard to get in micronutrients with adding green juice to my day. 

Thank you for sharing your passion. I am praying someday my body will accept plant based fully. As for now, I have been off the ketogenic diet for 5 weeks.
  15. @CW-ho4wy: Amazing  summary 👏🏻
  16. @abidadar3825: Thanks you Dr. Hashmi for this wonderful information please tell us about the consumption of bakery items as we consume lot of bread cake biscuits,also consuming so much sugar in making sweet dishes are these things are healthy and how much we consume to stay healthy.Thank you and best regards
  17. @jameskantor0459: I did seem to get kidney stones when I was eating closer to a ketogenic diet.
It was really more low  Carb then ketogenic more like 50 g of total sugar a day.
  18. @odedwolff3878: what is the evidence for a plant based diet?
  19. @ninamarie8654: So would you say that a person who has had a kidney transplant should not be on a ketogenic diet. 😲
  20. @liewinarto5115: Doc, do you think PLANT BASED DIET can cure CKD completely, once and for all, forever? Why or why not?

- Do Ketogenic Diets Impact Lipid Profiles? How LDL and HDL Affect Cardiovascular Health: Kind: captions Language: en Let's now talk about lipids and lipid profile. So, we've got the standardized um cholesterol panel that you can get from your physician. Within that would contain your total cholesterol, your triglycerides. You'll see something called LDL. You'll see something called uh HDL. And if you've got a really great practitioner, you may see something called Apo B. Now we know that having well actually I don't know I see so many things but it's it's I'm under the impression that we want to kind of kind of keep a low LDL and apo profile just to avoid uh cardiovascular disease that plaque buildup that may cause agenic plaques you know or even cause maybe a stroke from occurring. ing. I know that the um the I know that the journal of neurology released um an article I think it was like a research study around 2 years ago stating that LDL now uh in midlife for women is a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease or high LDL. So when we think about the ketogenic diet, when I think about it, I think, okay, well, what are we doing to our cholesterol, if we increase our saturated fat intake? Because a lot of saturated fat is found or a lot of meat products, I would say, like red meat contains saturated fat, right? Well, um, let's zoom out for just a moment. So in the book I talk a lot about cholesterol and explain to people what LDL is, what HDL is, what cholesterol is, why cholesterol is important, why fat is important. And essentially LDL and HDL they are they are the transport system. They are the vehicles that carry fat and cholesterol molecules uh around the body. you fat and cholesterol can't travel in the blood without a a vehicle like a pod that they that they can sit in and be transported through the blood. They don't dissolve in the blood. So, they have to be transported in pods. And so, LDL and HDL, these are basically just transport pods that carry fat. Fat is energy uh to cells and cholesterol molecules uh back and forth between cells. And cholesterol is a vital a vital component of all animal cells including all human cells. All cells need cholesterol. All cells are made from cholesterol. Cholesterol is a vital nutrient without which we we would not be sitting here having this conversation. So um LDL so when you so cholesterol is good. It's there for a reason. Fat is good. It's there for a reason. Um, so what is this lipid panel telling us? When a person goes to their um clinician, their primary care, and they get this lipid panel, most people have had this done multiple times, typically at least once a year, you'll have a lipid panel. This is one of the ways that your doctor is evaluating you for future cardiovascular risk, like how what is your risk for a future heart attack or stroke. And so one of the ways they do this is this lipid panel. So the lipid panel, as you said, it has the LDL, has the uh HDL, has triglycerides. That's a the simple cholesterol panel will have total cholesterol and LDL. They're similar. It'll have the total cholesterol, which is kind of way to estimate everything together, but the the numbers that the numbers that people will really remember are their LDL, their HDL, and their triglycerides. So most clinicians will focus like a laser beam on the LDL um and if they see it above a certain number um say above 100 uh milligrams per deciliter for example in the United States they'll start to think oh this is risky um do do we need to do something about this high LDL um is a risk factor for for cardiovascular disease um how do we get the LDL down should I maybe prescribe a statin medication to get this LDL down. Now, it's not that LDL doesn't matter. It's that it's the least helpful number on the panel. The LDL tells you almost nothing about your future cardiovascular risk. You can have a heart attack with very high LDL. You can have a heart attack with very low LDL. It's almost as good um or bad as as a coin toss. It's very very weekly. uh it's a very very very weak predictor of future cardiovascular risk. That's not so with HDL or triglycerides. HDL or triglycerides are really good predictors of of good markers of metabolic health and good predictors of future risk. If your triglycerides are above 100 milligrams per deciliter, that is a red flag. If your HDL is below 50 and you're a woman and below 40 if you're a man, that's a risk that that that's a red flag. Those need to be addressed. We don't have medications for those. And that's why doctors focus on the LDL because you can lower your LDL with a statin medication. Uh but uh a statin medication is not going to help you with your HDL, your triglycerides. The only thing that's going to help you with your triglycerides uh triglycerides are fat in the blood. too much fat in the blood is is reducing the amount of carbohydrate in your diet because triglycerides are simply um excess carbohydrate that the body has to turn into fat. So if you are eating more carbohydrate than you need then you can burn or store right away. We can't store much. We just have small small storage tanks for car for starch and carbohydrate in our bodies. We have unlimited potential to store fat, of course. Um, but we we we we can store less than a day's worth of carbohydrate in our bodies for energy. If you can't use it or store it right away, if you can't burn it off or use or store it right away, all the rest of that carbohydrate, even if you're eating a zero fat diet, gets turned into saturated fat on purpose by the liver to be stored in your body. And that is on purpose because it's energy. You don't want to waste that energy. You can't store it as starch. You can't burn it cuz you you've eaten more than you need. What are you going to do with it? The body has to turn it into fat. And it turns it into saturated fat. Because saturated fat is the best, lightest, most compact, most efficient way to store energy. Saturated fat is not a bad thing. It is simply it is simply a way to store energy. way animals store energy for future use. So now a ketogenic diet in some cases will cause LDL to go up and that scares a lot of people because they've been trained to think LDL causes heart disease. There is no scientific evidence that LDL causes heart disease. So that's thing number one. Thing number two is yes, sometimes LDL goes up on a ketogenic diet, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes it stays the same, sometimes it goes down, sometimes it goes up by 10%, sometimes it goes up a lot. There's a there's a subset of people where the LDL on a ketogenic diet goes through the roof. It goes up by hundreds of points. That has been um really scary to a lot of people um because again, we're taught to think of LDL high LDL as bad. Um, and this tends to happen most often in lean individuals, younger individuals, athletic individuals. Um, and there's been some wonderful research just published by Dave Feldman and his colleagues um, studying this group of people where they have very high LDL reactions to a ketogenic diet. These people were on a ketogenic diet for five years and they and they have very high LDL levels and they compared they looked directly at the arteries of the heart using um coronary angography and to see to see had any plaque and they compared that to people who were who were not eating a ketogenic diet for 5 years and had much lower LDL levels. There was no no difference in the amount of plaque in the arteries. If anything, there was even a trend towards less plaque in the people who had had high LDL, very very high LDL levels for five years on a ketogenic diet. So, we're starting to see we're starting to see this hypothesis about LDL causing heart disease and ketogenic diets raising LDL being a bad thing. We're starting to see the science coming in is very reassuring. Um, so when I see a patient with a high LDL, whether they're on a ketogenic diet or not, it's not that I ignore the LDL, I just I just I just bypass it. Just don't stop thinking. I can like, okay, why is the LDL high? Yeah. And what else is going on? So, let's look deeper. Let's look at let's get a coronary artery calcium scan or or or let's get an apo or let's do deeper fractionation of the lipids to look at okay the LDL is high is it good LDL or is it bad LDL cuz there are different types. So we have to evaluate the LDL in context. It's not not to ignore it, but to say, okay, let's look deeper and understand is the LDL high for a good reason or a bad reason. Because the the a very healthy reason why an LDL could go up a lot on a ketogenic diet is that your cells are burning more fat for energy. So, they need more fat to be delivered and therefore they need more LDL pods to carry that cholesterol, that cholesterol and fat to those cells. So LDL carries cholesterol and fat to cells that need it. If you're burning fat, which who doesn't want to burn more fat? If you're burning fat vigorously, you're going to need more LDL pods. So of course your LDL will go up. So there can be good or bad reasons for LDL to be high. When I teach blood work and blood chemistry, I'm always talking about trends and ratios. And with LDL, I'm talking about the ratio between LDL and HDL. And if you've got enough HDL, which is pretty much I describe it as the janitor who comes in and cleans up the LDL particles that are just spread all over the place, you could essentially have a a high LDL if if you've got enough HDL that can come in and clean it up. But I do believe um I am with you on always doing further investigations, always doing a a CAC scan. You can you can even look at LP little a to see if you need to really counteract that as well from a genetic standpoint. Uh but it really shines a light on how much misinformation there is around this ketogenic uh lifestyle.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hipporider [3 likes]: All due respect to Dr Ede, why am I to listen to a Psychiatrist about cholesterol rather than a Cardiologist? 🤔🇦🇺
  2. @pj-ol9xu [1 likes]: Unless you get a comprehensive lipid panel you don't get an LDL breakdown. Large buoyant LDL is different from Small Dense LDL (if you want to avoid one this is it)
  3. @pj-ol9xu [1 likes]: Most MDs are either too lazy or too busy to keep up with science.  If a Dr. is steadfast about prescribing statins, get a new doc.
  4. @ok4076 [1 likes]: You're  a beautiful.
  5. @robertusga [1 likes]: If only you had this re-assuring outcome data to show us that high Ldl-c is just fine for CVD. The Keto-CTA study just showed the opposite. Any other studies with actual hard outcome data in mind that would confirm your claim? Please share.
  6. @EdwardSWismayer: Once again ... Dr.Ede you tackle the misinformation clearly and beautifully. We are so blessed to have you talking about this and educating us. Always enlightening listening to you
  7. @captaincentury: This is so important to hear! I started a keto diet, and surely indeed LDL skyrocketed and made me bit worrying, but I am not worrying any longer since there is a good reason to LDL to be there as a part of fat burning process. Thank you!
  8. @walera2850: For those who are questioning Dr. Ede‘s competency as non-cardiologist listen to Dr. Ovadia to that topic. In general its not about medical background but knowledge about diet & impact on health.
  9. @JP-AT: Omg .. what kind of idiot are you .. the mean plaque progression in the mega.cya LMHR study was 28.3mms a typical diabetic (Budoff study) is 19mm3/y. The average statin niece plaque progression in a non keto group was 2.3mm3/y.  

What planet have you been on the past 2 weeks .. even Feldman admitting the error .

Wow .. I pity your patients .
  10. @charlesfuchs: People are stupid, its not about keto or carnivore, this elder chick looks unhealhty. Just get rid of ultra processed foods!!!!! Its just that simple weirdo freaks!!!!! Also 20%+ people have elevated LPA and being on keto/carnivore eating sat fats will kill them!! Damn get edcated.

- Ketogenic Therapy is a Medical intervention Not a “diet”/ Dr Bret Scher: Kind: captions Language: el [Μουσική] πότε μια δίαιτα δεν είναι δίαιτα τόσο θεραπευτική Η διατροφική κέτωση δεν είναι δίαιτα είναι α ιατρική παρέμβαση και νομίζω όταν εμείς μπορούν να αρχίσουν να μιλάνε αυτή τη γλώσσα οι γιατροί και άλλους επαγγελματίες υγείας θα αρχίσουμε να συνειδητοποιούμε ότι δεν μιλάμε για το τι αναφέρουν τα αμερικανικά Νέα και η πραγματική δεν καταλαβαινει οτι μιλαμε αυτό που χρειάζεται η ιατρική κοινότητα καταλαβαίνω λοιπόν πρώτα την αποποίηση ευθυνών μου μην έχετε κανένα revent ε ιατρικό χρηματοδότηση φαρμακολογικής ή βιομηχανίας τροφίμων Είμαι ο διευθυντής του metalock mind που είναι μια μη κερδοσκοπική πρωτοβουλία ένα bazooki ομάδα όπου εξερευνούμε την εκπαίδευση και τους πόρους στη διασταύρωση των μεταβολική και ψυχική υγεία και έχω α συμβουλευτική ιατρική πρακτική έτσι είναι τυπική ιατρική περίθαλψη σωστά το βλέπουμε ξανά και ξανά περπατάς μέσα παίρνεις το ναρκωτικό σου και φεύγεις και το μέλλον δεν φαίνεται πιο φωτεινό γιατί τώρα είμαστε απλά πηγαίνω σε πιο ακριβές ενέσεις αντί για φάρμακα και αν αυτό είναι το Παράδειγμα που εργαζόμαστε από τότε α Η δίαιτα είναι μια δίαιτα σωστά αν αυτή είναι η δική σας Παράδειγμα μια δίαιτα δεν γίνεται α ιατρική παρέμβαση ειδικά όταν η δίαιτα που πιστεύουμε ότι έχει αποτέλεσμα τρώτε λιγότερο αποφεύγετε το λίπος και κινείστε περισσότερο που μπορεί να μοιάζει έτσι όποιος θέλει φάτε έτσι σωστά λίγο υπερβολή αλλά αντίθετα όταν οι άνθρωποι είναι διδάσκονται να τρώνε έτσι καταλήγουν τρώγοντας έτσι και μετά λένε εντάξει καλά μέτρο για να τρώνε λίγο λιγότερο από αυτό και ξέρουμε ότι δεν λειτουργεί όπως αν ρωτήσετε κανένα γιατρό κάνει αυτή τη δουλειά θα πουν όχι και μετά λες καλά τι κάνεις για αυτό και λένε καλά οι δίαιτες δεν λειτουργούν και εκεί είναι που πρέπει να αλλάξουμε την κουβέντα γιατί τέτοιες δίαιτες είμαστε όλοι εδώ γιατί ξέρουμε ότι οι δίαιτες σαν αυτή λειτουργούν τώρα τι σημαίνει να δουλεύεις καλά αυτό είναι μέρος του προβλήματος μπορεί να λειτουργήσει έτσι πολλούς διαφορετικούς τρόπους που θέλετε να χάσετε βάρος ή θέλετε να βάλετε μια χρόνια φαινομενικά μη αναστρέψιμη ιατρική κατάσταση σε ύφεση και αυτό είναι που μπορεί συμβαίνουν τόσο κετογονική θεραπεία θεραπευτική διατροφική κέτωση οι λέξεις που χρησιμοποιούμε έχει σημασία αν χρησιμοποιήσουμε τη λέξη κετο δίαιτα που συνοδεύεται από τόσα πράγματα σωστά για το αν είναι το διαδίκτυο είτε ξέρεις πώς είσαι διδάσκεται στην ιατρική μια κετο δίαιτα έρχεται με αποσκευές υποθέτω ότι θα μπορούσες να πεις όχι αναγκαστικά όλοι αξίζουν σίγουρα αλλά τι γίνεται με την κετογονική θεραπεία τι γίνεται με θεραπευτική διατροφική κέτωση είναι πιο μπουκιά αλλά εξηγεί περισσότερα από αυτό που κάνουμε χρησιμοποιούμε το φυσιολογική κατάσταση κέτωσης για θεραπεία α ιατρική κατάσταση και αν μπορούμε να ξεκινήσουμε πλαισιώνοντας τη συζήτηση γύρω από αυτό τα πράγματα θα αλλάξουν αλλά υπάρχουν στοιχεία Λοιπόν, ναι, υπάρχουν στοιχεία τόσο αποτελεσματικότητας και ασφάλεια χαμηλών εκπομπών άνθρακα πολύ χαμηλή δίαιτες υδατανθράκων για διαβήτη τύπου 2 ύφεση εε συστηματική αναθεώρηση και μεταανάλυση δημοσιευμένων και αδημοσίευτα τυχαιοποιημένα δεδομένα δοκιμών τώρα αυτός είναι ένας σακχαρώδης διαβήτης τύπου 2 ύφεση άρα οι γιατροί σε αυτό αυτό δωμάτιο δεν όπως όταν ήσασταν στην ιατρική σχολείο ακούσατε ποτέ τις λέξεις τύπου δύο διαβήτης και ύφεση που χρησιμοποιούνται μαζί ποτέ ποτέ δεν είναι ένα πράγμα ή αυτό Δεν ήταν κάτι που έπρεπε να πω τώρα είναι και είναι αυτή μια μελέτη όχι αυτή είναι μια συστηματική ανασκόπηση και μεταανάλυση των δημοσιευμένα και αδημοσίευτα στοιχεία έτσι υπάρχουν περισσότερες από μία μελέτες και τι έκανε βρίσκουν σε αυτό 23 δοκιμές με 1300 άτομα που υπήρχε υψηλότερο ποσοστό ύφεση του διαβήτη έτσι και πάλι ο διαβήτης ύφεση του 57% σε σύγκριση με 31% άρα 57% τύπου 2 ύφεση του διαβήτη και μετά φυσικά οι φίλοι μας στο verta Health δημοσιεύτηκαν δεδομένα δύο ετών και τώρα πενταετίας περίπου χρησιμοποιώντας μια κετογονική παρέμβαση και τι βρήκαν ότι βρήκαν ότι υπήρχε ένα επίλυση της αναστροφής του διαβήτη στο 53% ύφεση σε 17% % η διαφορά είναι είτε ήταν ακόμα σε συνάντηση είτε όχι foran βασικά χμ, αλλά όχι στα συνηθισμένα Η Ομάδα Φροντίδας η συνήθης Ομάδα Φροντίδας δεν το έκανε έχουν αυτό αλλά έτσι βάζεις αυτά τα δύο μαζί και πώς είναι τα μαθηματικά μου 70% αυτό είναι πολύ εκπληκτικό σε κάτι αυτό δεν συζητήθηκε καν πραγματικά 10 15 χρόνια πριν και όχι δεν ξέχασα να βάλω κάτι στη διαφάνεια αυτό είναι το αριθμός μελετών που δείχνουν ύφεση 70%. ή αντιστροφή για τη χρήση φαρμάκων στον τύπο 2 ο διαβήτης εδώ είναι το σύνολο λίστα και και κάποιος μπορεί να πει καλά τι σχετικά με τα gp1 δεν είναι αυτά που αρχίζουν να εμφανίζονται όφελος και και άφεση και η απάντηση δεν είναι επειδή εξαρτάσαι από το φάρμακα και αυτό είναι το όλο θέμα ότι μπορούμε να θεραπεύσουμε μια ασθένεια βάλτε το σε ύφεση χωρίς να εξαρτάται από την η φαρμακευτική αγωγή και οι μελέτες είναι σαφείς πότε σταματάς το g1 παίρνεις το βάρος δεξί μπακ εκτός από τότε που αναφέραμε verta έκαναν επίσης μια πρόσφατη μελέτη δείχνοντας ότι αν μεταχειρίζεσαι αυτούς τους ανθρώπους κατεβαίνοντας από τα GOP με α κετογονική δίαιτα δεν ανακτούν την βάρος τόσο άλλο ενδιαφέρον βρίσκοντας αλλά μετά τι γίνεται με άλλους τρόπους ότι η κετογονική θεραπεία κετογονική οι παρεμβάσεις μπορεί να είναι ευεργετικές και εγώ αρέσει αυτή η διαφάνεια γιατί δείχνει το εγκέφαλος και ο εγκέφαλος είναι εδώ φαίνεται κάπως του σαν μυστικιστικό και μαγικό και σε α κάπως έτσι είναι πώς είναι μέσα φάρμακο εάν δεν είστε νευρολόγος ή ένας ψυχίατρος ο εγκέφαλος είναι σαν τον δικό του πράγμα εκεί έξω και δεν το κάνεις αρκετά το καταλάβετε ή θέλετε να το καταλάβετε το καταλαβαίνουμε αλλά αυτό που ξέρουμε είναι διανοητικό η υγεία είναι υγεία II δεν το ξέρεις εγώ δώστε τα εύσημα στη Γεωργία Άιντ γιατί αυτή λέει πάντα την τελευταία φορά που το έλεγξε ο εγκέφαλος ήταν συνδεδεμένος με το σώμα έτσι κι εμείς καλύτερα να αρχίσετε να τους συμπεριφέρεστε σαν να είναι συνδέονται γιατί η ψυχική υγεία είναι υγεία και υγεία είναι ψυχική υγεία και τι γνωρίζουμε από Δεκαετίες έρευνας και ένας αιώνας εμπειρίας είναι η επιληψία ανταποκρίνεται καλά στην κέτωση και την επιληψία και οι ψυχικές ασθένειες είναι και οι δύο στον εγκέφαλο είναι εγκεφαλικά κύτταρα και το ξέρουμε αυτό υπάρχει κάποιος πιθανός κοινός μηχανισμός και υπάρχει κάποια πιθανή κοινή χρήση φάρμακα οπότε αν κάποιος κάνει κάτι λειτουργεί για ένα είναι λογικό αυτό κάτι θα λειτουργούσε για τον άλλον και Ξέρουμε ότι στον εγκέφαλο αρέσουν οι κετόνες τι σημαίνει αυτό είναι κάπως έτσι μια δήλωση glib δικαίωμα να πει το να τι είναι ανθρωπομορφοποίηση του εγκεφάλου να πείτε ότι του αρέσουν οι κετόνες καλά ας σκεφτείτε το τι ξέρουμε τι συμβαίνει σε τόσα νευρολογικά και διαταραχές ψυχικής υγείας γνωρίζουμε ότι η χρήση καυσίμου ο μετασχηματισμός καυσίμου του Η γλυκόζη σε χρήσιμη ενέργεια είναι μειωμένη να ξέρεις ότι αυτό δεν είναι σαν ερώτηση πώς μπορούμε να βελτιώσουμε αυτό το καλά παρέχοντας βασικό μυθιστόρημα ή όχι μυθιστόρημα ως α διαφορετική πηγή ενέργειας ως περισσότερο έχει νόημα η αποδοτική πηγή ενέργειας και ξέρουμε ότι λειτουργεί και η έρευνα είναι αρχίζει να μας δείχνει πώς και γιατί λειτουργεί και αυτά είναι άλλα εφέ που κ οι γονιδιακές παρεμβάσεις μπορούν να έχουν στο εγκεφάλου μπορούν να εξισορροπήσουν τους νευροδιαβιβαστές αυξάνοντας το Gaba μειώνοντας το γλουταμικό αυτό φαίνεται σε ασθενείς με επιληψία και στην πραγματικότητα υπάρχει ααα μελέτη ξεκινώντας τώρα από το Πανεπιστήμιο του Πίτσμπουργκ με τη Δρ Μαίρη Φίλιπς που το βλέπουν ακριβώς αυτό σε ασθενείς με και χωρίς διπολική διαταραχή για να δούμε πώς είναι τα αποτελέσματα διαφορετικό ή παρόμοιο, αλλά ξέρουμε ότι αυτό είναι μια επίδραση με κάποιον με επιληψία έτσι γιατί δεν θα έχει επίδραση στον εγκέφαλο οι νευροδιαβιβαστές του εγκεφάλου είναι νευροδιαβιβαστές κετογονική παρέμβαση μπορούν να κάνουν ότι μπορούν να μειωθούν νευροφλεγμονή που είναι πολύ σημαντική διαπιστώνοντας ότι μπορούν να προσφέρουν περισσότερα αποδοτική πηγή καυσίμου εγκεφάλου που I έχουν ήδη αναφερθεί και μπορεί να μειωθούν αντίσταση στην ινσουλίνη του εγκεφάλου εάν είστε ανθεκτικά στην ινσουλίνη στον οργανισμό σας καλύτερα πιστέψτε ότι ο εγκέφαλός σας θα είναι ανθεκτικό στην ινσουλίνη επίσης και υπάρχει μια μελέτη που πιστεύω ότι πραγματικά αξίζει αναφέροντας για την εγκεφαλική ινσουλίνη αντίσταση Η Δρ Cindy Caulin έκανε μια μελέτη όπου θεράπευε ασθενείς με ανθεκτική στη θεραπεία διπολική κατάθλιψη με μετφορμ ένα φάρμακο που δρα στο συκώτι και όχι στο ο εγκέφαλος λειτουργεί στο συκώτι και αυτή διαπίστωσε ότι όσοι ασθενείς έλαβαν το μετφορμίνη και ανέστρεψε την ινσουλίνη τους αντίσταση μετρούμενη συστημικά βελτιώνουν δραματικά τα συμπτώματά τους διπολική κατάθλιψη όχι δίνοντας καμία φάρμακο που υποτίθεται ότι λειτουργεί τον εγκέφαλο αλλά μόνο με τη βελτίωση της ινσουλίνης αντίσταση οπότε υπάρχει αρκετά ξεκάθαρο Η συσχέτιση βελτιωμένη μιτοχονδριακή παραγωγή ενέργειας με κέτωση δηλαδή κάτι για το οποίο μαθαίνουμε πολλά τώρα αλλά είναι αρκετά σαφές ότι επηρεάζει την λειτουργία της κυτταρικής λειτουργίας λειτουργία των εγκεφαλικών κυττάρων και μπορεί να επηρεάσει την μικροβίωμα και πώς αυτό σχετίζεται με το εγκεφάλους και τόσοι άλλοι τώρα το κάνουν αυτό ακούγεται σαν δίαιτα για οποιονδήποτε σκεφτείτε να μειώσετε τις θερμίδες σας κατά 500 Οι θερμίδες θα το κάνουν αυτό σκεφτείτε απλά αλλάζετε ξέρετε το τον τύπο των υδατανθράκων που τρώτε πρόκειται να το κάνει αυτό όχι όχι και γι' αυτό Δεν μου αρέσει να μιλάω για την κέτωση ως α δίαιτα αυτό είναι μια ιατρική παρέμβαση παράσταση εμένα ένα φάρμακο που κάνει όλα αυτά τα πράγματα και Θα σου δείξω ένα δισεκατομμύριο δολάρια Blockbuster αλλά δεν το έχουμε αυτό μπορούμε να το κάνουμε αυτό αλλάζοντας τον τρόπο που τρώμε αλλά το να τρώτε καλύτερα δεν αρκεί απλά όπως Σωστά είπα απλά μειώνοντας το δικό σου θερμίδες προσπαθώντας να εστιάσω λίγο περισσότερα για πιο υγιεινά τρόφιμα δεν έχει αυτά θα επηρεάσουν σίγουρα αν κόψουμε το Ultra επεξεργασμένα τρόφιμα αν τρώμε Ολόκληρα Τρόφιμα εμείς πρόκειται να βελτιώσουν δραματικά το δικό μας υγεία αλλά όχι στο σημείο που βρισκόμαστε έχοντας όλα αυτά τα αποτελέσματα σωστά, έτσι είμαι δεν αποθαρρύνω κανέναν να πει εγώ θέλω να κόψω τα εξαιρετικά επεξεργασμένα τρόφιμα I θέλετε να φάτε περισσότερα Ολόκληρα Τρόφιμα ακόμα κι αν δεν είναι μια κετογονική παρέμβαση μια χαρά θα δεις οφέλη αλλά αν Αυτός είναι ο στόχος σας, υπάρχει ένας τρόπος να τον πετύχετε εκεί και αυτό με το κετογονικό θεραπεία τώρα γίνονται μελέτες για σίγουρα και αυτή είναι μια παλιά διαφάνεια στην πραγματικότητα αυτό πρέπει πραγματικά να ενημερώσω αυτό για να πω ότι ξέρεις ένα μελέτη παρατήρησης και μία μελέτη περίπτωσης σε διπολικό όχι πλέον τώρα μπορούμε πιθανώς να προσθέσω άλλα τρία σε αυτό και το ίδιο για τη μείζονα κατάθλιψη μπορούμε να προσθέσουμε ένα και σχιζοφρένεια μπορούμε να προσθέσουμε έτσι ώστε αυτό χρειάζεται να ενημερωθεί δραματικά αλλά το σημείο αυτής της διαφάνειας είναι ποιο επίπεδο αποδεικτικά στοιχεία χρειάζεται να προτείνουμε α παρέμβαση με βάση τα τρόφιμα σωστά εάν είναι α φάρμακο που χρειάζεστε τον τυχαιοποιημένο έλεγχο δοκιμή χρειάζεστε το FDA έγκριση έχετε και φαρμακευτική εταιρείες που ξοδεύουν εκατοντάδες εκατομμύρια αν όχι δισεκατομμύρια δολάρια για την εκτέλεση αυτές οι μελέτες, αλλά όταν είναι βασισμένο σε τρόφιμα παρέμβαση που χρησιμοποιείται τόσο ισχυρή όσο α φάρμακο δεν το χρειαζόμαστε απαραίτητα αλλά πρέπει να ισορροπήσουμε αν είναι ασφαλές αποτελεσματικό σε ποιον το κάνουμε και αυτό είναι όπου γίνεται λίγο άβολο δικαίωμα να πούμε ότι η κέτωση είναι ιατρική παρέμβαση ο καθένας μπορεί να το κάνει χωρίς κλινική επίβλεψη αλλά εκεί είμαστε πρέπει να είστε προσεκτικοί γιατί είναι το κάνεις σωστά χρησιμοποιείς κετογονική θεραπεία έναντι απλής προσπάθειας α κετο δίαιτα και είναι διακριτική αλλά έτσι είναι κάτι να συζητήσουμε και να σκεφτούμε περίπου αλλά τώρα θέλω να μιλήσω για ένα μελέτη που έγινε αρκετά πρόσφατα από Ο Δρ. Albert Donan και η Γαλλία για τον Δρ. Georg Eid Eric Westman Laura Sasso μερικά πολύ εντυπωσιακά ονόματα βοήθησαν στη δημοσίευση αυτού και Αυτή η διαφάνεια είναι ευγενική προσφορά του Dr Adrien σόδα λοιπόν αυτό που έκανε ο Δρ Ντόναν ήταν αυτός πήρε μια συλλογή ασθενών του που είχε θεραπεύσει για χρόνια με πυρίμαχο συμπτώματα που δεν μπορούσε να ελέγξει μετά από χρόνια ιατρικής θεραπείας που έβαλε τον στο νοσοκομείο και το μόνο πράγμα έκανε ήταν να τους αλλάξει τη διατροφή και έτσι βάλτε τα σε κετογονική δίαιτα η οποία ήταν πραγματικά γονιδιακή ιατρική θεραπεία κετογόνου και μπορείτε να δείτε τα αποτελέσματα ήταν πολύ εντυπωσιακά με 100% βελτίωση τους συμπτώματα 43 κλινική ύφεση και ξανά αν μιλήσετε με ψυχιάτρους που έχουν πάει να το κάνεις αυτό για δεκαετίες και να πεις τι είναι την πιθανότητα επίτευξης κλινικής ύφεση για ανθεκτική ψυχική ασθένεια μάλλον θα χλεύαζαν και θα έλεγαν όχι δεν συμβαίνει είχαμε κάνει το 43% των το έκαναν με ένα κετογονικό παρέμβαση και μπορείτε να τα δείτε επίσης έχασαν βάρος και μείωσαν τους φάρμακα αλλά θέλω να επιστήσω την προσοχή σε μερικά από τα συγκεκριμένα έτσι ώστε το Κλίμακα αξιολόγησης κατάθλιψης Hamilton εντάξει αυτό ακριβώς μπορούν να χρησιμοποιήσουν οι ψυχίατροι για τη μέτρηση των συμπτωμάτων της κατάθλιψης και προσέχετε αυτούς τους αριθμούς από το 25 κάτω στα επτά εντάξει και το θετικό και Κλίμακα αρνητικού συνδρόμου P anss από το 91 στο 49 τι σημαίνει όλα αυτά καλά είμαστε θα μπω σε αυτό εντάξει, οπότε ορίστε τι είναι αυτό το Hamilton 23 είναι η σοβαρή κατάθλιψη είναι φυσιολογική θυμηθείτε πήγε από το 22 στο 7 δηλαδή αρκετά εντυπωσιακό μόνο με βάση αυτό αλλά πώς συγκρίνεται αυτό με άλλες μελέτες οπότε αυτή ήταν μια μελέτη που εξέταζε το nripan I συγγνώμη είναι λίγο περίπλοκο αλλά η νορτρυπτιλίνη είναι υποθέτω ότι ένα από τα πρώτου είδους αντικαταθλιπτικά εγκρίθηκε για χρήση και όχι ένα από τα πρώτο αλλά ένα από τα πρώτα είδη mainstream πολύ καλά αποδεκτό αντικαταθλιπτικά και τι βρήκαν αν κοιτάς τι κοιτάζω εδώ θα έπρεπε να το ξέρει αυτό εντάξει αυτό ήταν πρόθεση να θεραπεύσουν και αυτό ήταν εκείνοι που στην πραγματικότητα um ολοκλήρωσε τη δοκιμή αλλά αν κοιτάς από πού ξεκινούν ξεκινούν έτσι 22 23 εύρος παρόμοιο με αυτό που ήταν στο Dr Donan μελέτη και πού πηγαίνουν μέχρι ωχ γίνονται κάτω να αρέσουν το εύρος 567 παρόμοιο με τη μελέτη Dr Donan ε, εδώ είναι ένα φάρμακο εγκεκριμένο από τον FDA μια αλλαγή πολύ παρόμοια με αυτή του Dr Donan έδειξε με κετογονικό παρεμβάσεις οπότε θυμηθείτε ότι ξεκίνησαν με 25 και και κατέβηκε στα επτά πολύ παρόμοιο με αυτό που χρησιμοποιήθηκε για αυτόν τον FDA η έγκριση του Nord tripoline ενδιαφέρουσα Λοιπόν, τι για αυτό ήταν um resp Alpine respiron ή anticho φάρμακα Έτσι, χρησιμοποιώντας τη βαθμολογία ps um και εδώ πήγε από το 95 στο 47 ε ακούγεται παράξενα οικείο έδειξαν στη μελέτη του Dr Donan σωστά πηγαίνοντας από το 91 στο 49 οπότε όταν μιλάμε για κετογονική παρεμβάσεις που έχουν παρόμοια αποτελέσματα με φάρμακα είναι αυτού του είδους τα δεδομένα που πραγματικά πρέπει να μας κάνει να αυξήσουμε κάπως τα μάτια μας λίγο αυτά χρησιμοποιήθηκαν για την έγκριση του FDA των φαρμάκων και όμως ο Δρ Donan είδε παρόμοια αποτελέσματα με κετογονικές παρεμβάσεις τώρα η προειδοποίηση επειδή δεν είναι ο ίδιος πληθυσμός δεν είναι το ίδιο χρονικό πλαίσιο σωστά αυτό δεν είναι ακριβώς ακριβής επιστήμη να πει ότι είναι το το ίδιο χρειαζόμαστε περισσότερες μελέτες που γίνονται με κάποιο τρόπο ότι αυτές οι μελέτες έγιναν τυχαιοποιημένες δοκιμές ελέγχου κλπ, αλλά πρέπει να ξεκινήσετε από κάπου σωστά πρέπει να ξεκινήσεις κάπου έτσι προοδεύει η επιστήμη και αυτό είναι που χρειαζόμαστε να πάρουν οι άνθρωποι Σημειώστε ότι αυτό είναι ένα θεραπευτικό βαθμολογική παρέμβαση που είναι πιθανή παρόμοια με φάρμακα τόσο θεραπευτικά διατροφικά Η κέτωση δεν είναι δίαιτα πόσες φορές έχω πει ότι κάποιος παρακολουθεί αλλά θα συνεχίσω να το λέω γιατί Αυτός είναι ο τρόπος με τον οποίο πρέπει να ξαναπλαισιώσουμε συζήτηση και κετογονική θεραπεία δεν είναι δοκιμάστε μια δίαιτα κετο τώρα εδώ όπου υποθέτω ότι θα μπορούσε να βγει σχεδόν λίγο αλαζονικό αν πει κάποιος Δοκίμασα μια δίαιτα κετο δεν πέτυχε λες ω ναι δεν το κάναμε σωστά και αυτό ακούγεται τρομερό σωστά αλλά κατά κάποιον τρόπο αναρωτιέσαι καλά το έκανες σωστά που μέτρησες τις κετόνες σου το έκανες κάτω κλινική επίβλεψη το δοκιμάσατε τουλάχιστον όπως 6 8 10 12 εβδομάδες ανάλογα ξέρετε τι προσπαθείτε να αντιμετωπίσετε στοχεύατε σε ένα συγκεκριμένο Ketone επίπεδο ή μόλις αρχίσατε να τρώτε α ματσάκι μπέικον και σκέψου ότι έκανες α ξέρεις ότι το έκανες ketoy και και μερικές φορές οι άνθρωποι μπερδεύονται ότι ακριβώς όπως στο μεταβολικό μυαλό βάζουμε να δοκιμάσετε τόσα πολλά βίντεο YouTube και βοηθήστε στην εκπαίδευση των ανθρώπων και λαμβάνουμε απαντήσεις έτσι δοκίμασα μια κετο δίαιτα δεν το έκανε δουλεύουν για μένα και θέλω πάντα να σκάβω και πες πες μου περισσότερα πες μου τι έκανες πες μου τι δεν λειτούργησε πες μου τι δουλειά σημαίνει σωστά τα έχουμε όλα αυτά διαφορετικές ερωτήσεις και αυτές είναι οι ερωτήσεις που απαντώνται με την κετογονική θεραπεία αυτά είναι τα ερωτήσεις που τίθενται και απαντώνται με κετογονική θεραπεία όταν είστε συνεργάζεται τώρα με έναν εκπαιδευμένο επαγγελματία αυτή είναι η άλλη προειδοποίηση ενός εκπαιδευμένου επαγγελματίας δεν ήμουν εκπαιδευμένος επαγγελματίας πριν από 20 χρόνια όταν ο ΙΕ Έφυγα από τη συντροφιά μου δεν ήξερα τίποτα για αυτό και αυτό είναι που το πλειοψηφία της θέσης η πλειοψηφία των οι γιατροί είναι μέσα, οπότε αυτό είναι που χρειαζόμαστε να βοηθήσει στην παροχή της εκπαίδευσης για να το θέσω εκεί έξω, ώστε οι άνθρωποι να το καταλάβουν αυτό είναι μια θεραπευτική παρέμβαση και όχι απλά τρώγοντας ένα μάτσο μπέικον CU αυτό είναι δυστυχώς ένα μεγάλο μέρος του αντίληψη και όπως με κάθε ιατρική παρέμβαση πρέπει να σκεφτούμε καλά είναι απολύτως ασφαλές υπάρχουν αρνητικές επιπτώσεις πρόσθετες επιπτώσεις που ίσως δεν θα περιμέναμε τόσο ύπνο ύπνο είναι ένα μεγάλο μέρος αυτού του δικαιώματος Πολλά οι άνθρωποι μπορούν να αναφέρουν αλλαγές στον ύπνο τους όταν ξεκίνησαν τώρα την κετογονική θεραπεία αν τύχει να είναι κάποιος με διπολική διαταραχή που μπορεί να είναι επιρρεπής σε Μανία που είναι πολύ σημαντική αναγνωρίζει το σωστό και γι' αυτό μπορεί να είναι λίγο ανησυχητικό για τους ανθρώπους να προσπαθήσουν αυτό από μόνα τους και έχουμε ένα σύνολο βίντεο στο μεταβολικό μυαλό σχετικά με αυτό πώς διαγιγνώσκετε την πρόληψη της θεραπείας υπομανία Μανία κατά την έναρξη της κετογονικής θεραπεία γιατί είναι αληθινό πράγμα και τι γίνεται με την κετο-γρίππη σωστά όλοι γνωρίζετε για την κετογρίππη υπάρχουν μερικά απλοί τρόποι για να το αποτρέψετε ίσως αυξήσει τους ηλεκτρολύτες ενυδάτωσης μεταβαίνοντας λίγο πιο αργά αλλά εάν είστε επιρρεπείς στην κατάθλιψη και όλα αυτά ξαφνικά αισθάνεσαι λήθαργος και μειωμένη ενέργεια λίγο περισσότερο Moody από την κετογρίππη θα πείτε εεε δεν το κάνω αυτό που φτιάχνει εγώ χειρότερα οπότε αυτό είναι το άλλο πρόβλημα αν κάποιος λέει ότι δοκίμασα κετο και δεν το έκανε δουλέψτε καλά αν ίσχυε αυτό, αν εσείς δεν κατάφερε να περάσει την πρώτη εβδομάδα λόγω της κετογρίπης δεν δοκιμάσατε σωστή κετογονική θεραπεία, έτσι πρέπει να είμαστε γνωρίζουν ότι τα επίπεδα φαρμάκων αλλάζουν Η έξω κέτωση είναι ένα ισχυρό φυσιολογικό παρέμβαση που μπορεί να αλλάξει τα επίπεδα πολλών φαρμάκων συμπεριλαμβανομένων ψυχοδραστικά φάρμακα όπως το βαλπροϊκό οξύ όπως το λίθιο μπορεί να επηρεάσει την επίπεδα του φαρμάκου που θα μπορούσαν είναι καλό θα μπορούσε να βοηθήσει κάπως τα μειώνεις όσο είσαι καλά κάνεις αν έχεις αυξηθεί συμπτώματα τότε θα μπορούσε να είναι ένα είδος αδικαιολόγητο ή ανεπιθύμητο κωνικό αν είναι συμβαίνει Πολύ γρήγορα Πολύ σύντομα οι άνθρωποι πρέπει να το κάνουν να γνωρίζετε ότι δυστυχώς έχουμε είδα περιπτώσεις κάποιου που λέει ότι συνέχισα μια κετο δίαιτα και σταμάτησα όλα μου φάρμακα και ένιωσα πολύ καλά ναι, έχεις ασχοληθεί με αυτά τα ψυχοδραστικά φάρμακα για χρόνια και χρόνια και χρόνια και σκέφτηκα ότι θα μπορούσες να σταματήσεις όλα ταυτόχρονα, έτσι πρέπει να είμαστε προσέξτε αυτό και εκεί είναι αυτό έρχεται ολόκληρη η ιδέα της κετογονικής θεραπείας όπως και κάθε θεραπεία που κάνετε να πρέπει να το κάνει με υπευθυνότητα και προσεκτικά και στη συνέχεια τα επίπεδα ενέργειας κάπως όπως με την κετο γρίπη τα επίπεδα ενέργειας μπορούν ανεβείτε ή κατεβείτε με κέτωση και πώς να το κάνετε διαφοροποιείς απλώς μια κανονική ενέργεια αλλαγή σε σχέση με τα όρια του κάτι περισσότερο σχετικά με τη σωστή μέτρηση του ύπνου είναι είναι ένας μεγάλος τρόπος για να γίνει αυτό, αλλά πρέπει να ακολουθηθεί φροντίδα και υποστήριξη τώρα ένα από τα πραγματικά μου κατοικίδια είναι όταν κάποιος λέει απλά υποθέτω ότι είναι αυτό μια άλλη συζήτηση που θέλω να σκοτώσω είναι Ω ναι, μπορείτε να δοκιμάσετε μια κετογονική δίαιτα αλλά Θεέ μου είναι τόσο δύσκολο γιατί θα ήθελες για να το κάνεις αυτό θα ήσουν εντελώς περιορίστε τον εαυτό σας και είναι πραγματικά δύσκολο για να το κάνουμε καλά αυτό μπορεί να ισχύει για κάποιους κόσμος αλλά θέλω να ρωτήσεις τον Ματ Μπαζούκι πόσο δύσκολο είναι ξέρετε για αυτόν συγγνώμη αν Μιλάω για σένα Matt αλλά ξέρεις κάτι που αλλάζει τη ζωή σου όπως αυτό δεν είναι τόσο δύσκολο νομίζω πιθανώς να έχει ψύχωση και να έχει Μανία που είναι αρκετά δύσκολο και συγκρίνετε ότι απλά να μην τρώει ψωμί και να μην τρώγοντας πίτσα, έτσι πρέπει να είστε πραγματικά πρέπει να το βάλουμε στο πλαίσιο έτσι πραγματικά με ενοχλεί όταν κάποιος λέει ότι είναι πολύ δύσκολο να το κάνω τώρα που λέγεται ότι θα το κάνω παραδεχτείτε ότι δεν είναι εύκολο για όλους κάποιοι είναι πολύ εύκολο και για κάποιους άνθρωποι δεν είναι και εκεί είναι αυτό Η έννοια της υποστήριξης μπαίνει ξέρετε άλλο πράγμα που ακούμε είναι ναι, προσπάθησα η δίαιτα κετο και ήταν πολύ σκληρή για να τα πας καλά είχες κάποιον να βοηθήσει να σε καθοδηγήσει να προσπαθήσεις και να σε βοηθήσει να καταλάβεις ποιες τροφές να τρώτε πώς να τις αντικαταστήσετε διαφορετικά τρόφιμα πώς να ψωνίσετε ξέρετε πώς για να παραγγείλετε όλα αυτά τα πράγματα κάντε α διαφορά και έτσι η υποστήριξη είναι μέρος της συνταγογράφηση μιας κετογονικής παρέμβασης υπεύθυνα και έτσι αυτό είναι ένα πράγμα εμείς θέλουμε να κάνουμε στο μεταβολικό μυαλό θέλουμε για να βοηθήσει στην παροχή αυτών των πληροφοριών για άνθρωποι ώστε να μπορούν να καταλάβουν το διαφορετικές οι διαφορετικές έννοιες εμπλέκονται στην έναρξη της κετογονικής θεραπείας τι θα μπορούσατε να περιμένετε αυτό που πρέπει να κάνετε ψάξτε πώς να μιλήσετε με τον γιατρό σας σχετικά με αυτό τι εργαστηριακό τεστ να πάρω και ούτω καθεξής Ευχαριστώ την οικογένεια bazooki και ομάδα bazooki έχουμε σχεδόν ένα εκατό βίντεο τώρα στο YouTube σχετικά με αυτό έχουμε ενημερωτικά δελτία και έχουμε ιστολόγια και έχουμε συνδέσμους με όλα τα άλλα άνθρωποι σε αυτόν τον τομέα προσπαθούν να εξυψώσουν τι συμβαίνει για τη χρήση της κέτωσης ως α θεραπευτικός παρέμβαση οπότε θα το πω για τελευταία Η κετογονική θεραπεία του χρόνου είναι ιατρική παρέμβαση όχι δίαιτα και μόλις μπορούμε μπορούμε να αλλάξουμε τον τρόπο που μιλάμε για αυτό ελπίζω να αρχίσουν να αλλάζουν τον τρόπο με τον οποίο οι γιατροί και οι κλινικοί γιατροί το βλέπουν και ξεκινούν να πάρει τους ανθρώπους θεραπεία με αυτό κατάλληλα, ασφαλώς και αποτελεσματικά

  Top Comments:
  1. @BioHackersLongevity: Thank you for your support!!!
The following products, I have personally tried and feel comfortable and confident recommending to you:
1.	Nuchido Time+ Supplements
FIRST ORDER 20% OFF Discount Code when checkout:  BIOHACKERS20    https://nuchido.com/BIOHACKERS
2.	DoNotAge Supplements 
10% OFF code: JEORG1
DoNotAge products: https://donotage.org/products?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
At home Vitamin D & OMEGA-3 Test Kit:  https://donotage.org/at-home-vitamin-d-and-omega-3-test-kit?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Pure PET:     https://donotage.org/pre-order-pure-pet?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Sirt6 Activator:   https://donotage.org/sirt6-activator?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
At home NAD Test Kit:   https://donotage.org/at-home-nad-test-kit?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Ca-AKG:  https://donotage.org/ca-akg?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Biological Age Test Kit :    https://donotage.org/biological-age-test-kit?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Pure Hyaluronic acid:   https://donotage.org/pure-hyaluronic-acid?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
Hydrolysed Collagen Peptides:   https://donotage.org/hydrolysed-collagen-peptides?affiliate_code=jeorg1&referring_service=link
3.	ProHealth Longevity 
https://prohealth.pxf.io/q4LBzy
4.	TruDiagnostic
10% OFF code: BIOHACKERS10
Telomere & Epigenetic Testing:    https://trudiagnostic.com/discount/BIOHackers10
5.	Oura ring
https://ouraring.sjv.io/EKWgve
6.	RingConn Smart Ring
https://ringconn.pxf.io/nLVjLV
7.	iHerb
https://iherb.pxf.io/KjE7YN
**Please consider supporting the channel**
Buy me a Kofi:    https://ko-fi.com/biohackerslongevity

- Dr. Bret Scher - 'Low Carb Diets - Known Benefits, Theoretical Concerns': Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is such an important topic because you know think about where you're at either as a as an individual or as a clinician you're trying to help yourself you're trying to help your patient and the information out there can get so confusing and so polarized and it can leave you almost sort of paralyzed what do i think what do i believe what's truth what does this mean for me and that's one of the hardest questions to answer either for an individual what does this mean for me or as a clinician what does this mean for the patient i'm seeing right now and that's the part that takes time it takes careful thought it takes work and it's not easy and that's why a lot of clinicians don't like to do it busy clinicians clinicians who follow the guidelines you're going to hear me talk a lot about the blue penguin and you're going to see why i talk about the blue penguin because we're all blue penguins so more on that but first my disclosures i don't have any financial ties to pharmaceutical diagnostic or medical device companies i'm the medical director at dietdoctor.com and i do tell telemedicine consults and get some book royalties but those are my disclosures i always like to start with this slide because like i said if you think about what you want for yourself or what we want for our patients this is it this image is what it means to me this this image of vitality and life and energy and does this mean a perfect ldl does this mean a flat glucose curve i don't know probably not you know not having heart attacks not having amputations that plays into this but it's more about the life we live and the enjoyment we get and the overall health we have and that's something i think we lose as physicians when we follow guidelines when we think so carefully about individual numbers so i always like to bring people back to this image but here's the problem we've been taught that this is the way to achieve that eating this is going to get us there okay this is a bit of an exaggeration but this is basically what our recommendations and our guidelines have been eat less move more and obviously it hasn't worked we hear time and time again it hasn't worked why hasn't it worked well big reason could be it's just hard to follow we are emotional human beings we feel hunger we feel emotions we feel cravings is this going to do anything for that of course not so that comes back to that image of living the life of energy and vitality and living a life that we enjoy and this doesn't get us there but this could right and most doctors who look at this would probably say okay i'm all right with that you know i i think that's healthy however they define healthy whatever criteria they use and a lot of people can achieve great health with this but the problem is they can with this as well but doctors are going to see this very differently why because there's saturated fat in there there's animal products in there and that's that's the problem that we have to cut through where we have to start seeing people as blue penguins and cut through the sort of general blanket um beliefs and and and dogma that we that just isn't serving medicine well so we know low carb works like none of this up here on this slide is really debatable but what does it mean that it works well for lowering blood sugar it works as well as or better than comparable diets for weight loss it comparable diets for the average person for hunger it's going to work as well as or better than comparable diets for the average person and the same for body composition right and the same for triglycerides and hdl and all these other medical conditions it can work doesn't mean it works for everybody doesn't mean it's the best thing out there but the point is if your doctor your clinician isn't discussing it as an option or if you as a clinician aren't considering it as an option you're leaving a whole treatment off the table that really could help hundreds thousands even more people so we have to start talking about it in the right way as a potential option but what about the ldl right that's like the one thing that's keeping this from going just blowing up and going mainstream in the medical community the fear of fat and the fear of ldl so how we talk about things are so important so there's this myth that low carb diets are dangerous and anytime one of these studies or reports or reviews gets in some journal it just goes crazy over the internet i'm sure you've seen it and it drives me crazy so low-carb diets are dangerous is the myth but how do you define low-carb so i wrote this piece for diet doctor a little while ago what is a low-carb diet don't ask harvard and it was meant to be a little inflammatory because the harvard school of public health is classic for putting out these papers talking about how low carb is dangerous and they define low carb as 40 of your calories from carbohydrates on a 2000 calorie diet that's about 200 grams of carbohydrates so how many people in this room eat 200 grams of carbohydrates this week in a whole week how many did it right and they're talking about that as per day that defines low carb so it's it's willful it's either ignorance or willful misleading but whatever the case may be it hurts the message it hurts the message for clinicians who don't have the time to dig into it it hurts the message for individuals who get scared by the by the headlines and say look why would i want to get involved in this i'm just going to skip over it because it's dangerous so it really hurts the message and then even further this one was a more recent one by the physicians committee for responsible medicine which by the way is fabulous marketing calling it physicians committee for responsible medicine is just fantastic marketing because even if you go to their website you can see there they are an animal rights and a vegan organization but they couch it as responsible medicine i'm not sure how that works but they wrote this this review ketogenic diets and chronic disease weighing the benefits against the risks and it was everywhere in the media and what did they do well interestingly they did start by defining low carbon keto diets and defining them sort of appropriately but then they pulled evidence from all over the place they pulled evidence from these studies of 30 40 carbohydrates as low carb diet and tried to couch it as evidence either for against a keto diet they pulled from these observational studies that had nothing to do with low carb or keto diets so it was incredibly misleading and and so i did a review on it on our diet doctor channel on youtube and the point being you know their report got you know millions and millions of views shared all over the media the rebuttal my rebuttal didn't but the point is we need more of this again we need more of us standing up to say well hang on a second we need to be clear about our message so how low carb is low carb well diet doctor we define it this way and they're you know it's not set in stone but this general concept is what we need to talk about strict low carb or ketogenic less than 20 grams of net carb or 30 grams of total carbs moderate low carb 20 to 50 grams of net carbs and liberal low carb 50 to 100 net grams and when we look at the literature when we look at the science and say does this represent low carb this is sort of should be somewhat of a guideline so for individuals out there who are confused when you see something say low carb is dangerous the first question you have to ask is how do they define low carb so the myth that low carbs are dangerous low carb diets are dangerous is absolutely not true low carb diets are not dangerous when you define it correctly there's no evidence to support it but uh the fat and cholesterol right clinicians uh and individuals we've been taught time and time again that fat and cholesterol are dangerous and they cause type 2 diabetes and they cause heart disease well there's also just a recent article talking about high fat dairy how it certainly is not linked to incident of type 2 diabetes but those things die hard and here's a study you may recognize some of these names dr finney and the wonderful dr hallberg and that we owe a big gratitude of debt to them for the the science that they're putting out the literature they're putting out with properly defined low-carb terms and not only does it not cause type 2 diabetes it cures and it can reverse and can prevent this was a study in people with pre-diabetes and showed the progression to type 2 diabetes on people not limiting their fat not limiting what they eat but reducing their carbohydrates that 52 of them with pre-diabetes had normal glycemia in two years 52 in two years went from pre-diabetes to normal glycemia we can't do that with drugs but we can do that with a diet that does not limit fat does not limit animal products and so again it's part of reframing this message and when we talk about saturated fat your cardiologist if anybody's seen a regular cardiologist saturated fat is dangerous well which saturated fat are they talking about and where are they getting their evidence because when you look at studies demonizing saturated fat talking about the dangers of saturated fat which ones are they talking about because i can guarantee you your body is going to see this plate of pasta with this meat sauce that also by the way has sugar and a whole bunch of other things in it your body's going to see that much differently than this salad with some with some beef on top so which saturated fat are they talking about same example here um i call this a food delivery system this big this big chunk of bread bigger than your head is your food delivery system that's the food why don't we cut out the food delicious delivery system and just eat the food and also this concept of healthy use or healthy user bias or unhealthy user bias who do you think is more likely to eat saturated fat in this photo and who do you think is more likely to otherwise take good care of themselves who's sleeping better who's managing their stress better who's got better social connections who's you know maybe seeing the doctor more or taking the vitamins or just prioritizing their health well clearly this person's going to be taking better care of themselves than this i do not want to run into this kind of dark alley but the point being is if you're not controlling for that and there's no way you can control for everything they're doing in their lives that make them healthier make them not they make their choice and one is going to be choosing saturated fat more than the other so the evidence that we're basing our decisions on have nothing to do with low carb diets in people eating healthy and living healthy lives and that's where that that report by the pcrm that was so misleading because they couched it as if they're talking about low carbon keto diets and then they pull in all these observational data that have nothing to do with it because it can't control for this so that's what we're fighting against to get this message straight that i want clinicians to understand that i want you to understand so you can talk to your clinician about it because that's how we have to start this education process and this concern about saturated fat it's not just an observational study so this was a review a review i did about a post from the cochrane media which reviewed all the sorry the cochrane review not cochran media cochran review they reviewed all the randomized controlled trials on saturated fat intake and there was no difference in who lived or died in terms of who ate more and who ate less there was a very small difference in cardiovascular events in terms of who ate more and who ate less but it was only significant if the ldl went up okay so and this was in groups who were not eating low carb again this had nothing to do with low carb this was high carb high fat mixed diets high calorie diets so all of a sudden as you peel away the levels of the onion you start to see that this concern about saturated fat well okay observational trial shouldn't really count well what about the randomized control trials well okay it's only for cardiovascular rents well actually it's only if your ldl goes up oh and it's only really been studied in you know these high carb high fat high calorie diet so how any of this applies to us is the blue penguins and i promise i'm gonna show you the blue penguin slide here soon that how how any of that applies to people who are who don't fit those criteria that's where we all need to be treated as individuals and demands that our clinicians treat us as individuals and i guess all this wouldn't really matter if we weren't talking about something that was beneficial so this is an old slide but one that just really highlights the benefits so so well the the dark blue is the low carb diet and the light blue is the low fat diet and body mass better on the low-carb diet abdominal fat right and we don't want to just lose body mass and body fat we want to lose visceral fat abdominal fat that's the fat we want to lose better on the low-carb diet and look at triglycerides much better hdl going up and then of course the triglyceride to hdr ratio not even close i've never seen anything that can do it this well in terms of lifestyle or medications and then april b to april a1 which is like a better marker than ldl to hdl ratio in the pure trial over 100 or sorry pure study and over 177 thousand people observational it did show that the april b to apo a1 ratio was the most predictive for cardiovascular risk not ldl but the april b to april a1 ratio and that gets better on a low-carb diet small ldl gets better and then of course glucose and insulin could you imagine if a drug did all this could you imagine if a drug did all this how like how quick your doctor would be to prescribe it for you but it's not a drug it's a lifestyle but the question is what about the ldl and so is ldl really a concern with low carb and my answer is no and then well probably not we got to be a little cautious about this but mostly now so let's talk about that so first let's look at the science right so in in patients who are being recruited for weight loss or for treating type 2 diabetes a meta-analysis in over 1800 patients at 6 12 and 24 months up to two years looking at these 1800 patients there was no difference in ldl for those treated with low carb or the controlled diet no difference and this is this is what our concern is and we have more recent evidence too this one actually from dr weiss and and from dr little not only did this study show that ldl particle size got better but when you look at the ldl particle number themselves there was a reduction in ldl particles i'm going to say that again this was 38 randomized trials looking at 1700 participants for carbohydrate restricted diet versus a control the ldl size went up which is important but the ldl particle number went down this is the opposite of what most doctors and most cardiologists think happens to ldl when you go on a low carb diet but it actually went down and this is what we need to start talking about your doctor needs to learn about to share this message and it wasn't just that trial so lucia ronica and chris gardner from stanford have been kind of unpacking this diet fit study and what they found was when you look at how much cholesterol people ate when you look at how much saturated fat people ate the highest versus lowest quartile there was no difference in cholesterol there was no difference in how much those who ate the most versus those who ate the least and what their ldl did so that's why when i say is ldl really a concern the answer is no and here's that famous blue penguin i love talking about so when all the world is grey penguins when all you see and represented in in studies and in guidelines are the gray penguins but you are the blue penguin what do you do you've got to find somebody who's going to think outside of the gray penguins who's going to recognize you as that blue penguin and treat you appropriately and if you're a clinician and you think all you see are grey penguins it means you're missing the blue penguin because they are out there we are all out there blue penguins are all out there and need to be treated appropriately and thought of appropriately now what about hyper responders right so those trials that i was taught was talking about that did not show a significant increase in ldl those were in people trying to lose weight and in trying to treat their type 2 diabetes now of course we know a subset of the hyper responders that dave feldman has been so great about promoting they certainly exist but is ld a problem for them and certainly thankfully for dave and his research upcoming research we're soon going to know a lot more about this so i encourage everybody who is eligible to sign up for that but we already have evidence to say we need to think differently about this that not all elevated ldl is the same so this is from this is an old trial back from the 80s from the original framingham heart data and if ldl was the same for everybody and a concern for everybody what you would see is as ldl increases on this line the risk of cardiovascular events would skyrocket but here's 100 160 and 200 220 and there's no difference in cardiovascular risk now this happens to be at a elevated or at a which should be a normal or high hdl and as hdl goes down now all of a sudden the high ldl starts to have its risk but you know what else happens even with a low ldl as hdl goes down you start to have a high risk so what this clearly shows is not all ldl is the same right doesn't mean you can ignore it it doesn't mean it means nothing because this is still the worst place to be over here with a high ld on low hdl so it doesn't mean it means nothing but it clearly means it's not the same for everybody and in every situation and that's not the only data we have to suggest that this is from the 4s trial which was a statin trial using simvastatin in patients who had had a heart attack and it showed a significant benefit to treating with statins in terms of reduced mortality and reduced cardiovascular events but look at this so this is what's called the lipid triad so for the patients who had high ldl low hdl and high triglycerides there was a significant difference these were treated with statins and these without you can see significant difference in the outcomes but look at the isolated ldl those who did not have low hdl did not have high triglycerides there's basically no difference and you can see it graphically here the the white circles and squares were the lipid triad and the black ones were the isolated ldl and they're right on top of each other so evidence already exists for us to at least question whether high ldl is the same for everybody right not whether it's meaningless or means everything but whether it's the same for everybody and here's a more recent one this one actually blew my mind and i and i'll talk about this in a second but like why weren't more people talking about this study so this one i'm sorry it's a little small there but what they looked at was people who had a calcium score at time zero and had a follow-up calcium score 10 years later and there was a percentage of people who had ldl greater than 190 and 54 of them had a persistent calcium score of zero 10 years later and these were patient people who were in their 60s so it's not like they're in their 30s and 40s you wouldn't expect the calcium score to go up they were in their 60s but not only did did half of them not increase their calcium score but had the highest proportion of persistent calcium score equals zero i'd like shake my head out and read that again to make sure i was getting that right and i didn't misread something had the highest proportion of a persistent calcium scores greater than zero so even people who had lower ldl were more likely to progress their calcium score than people who had ldls greater than 190. now again it wasn't 100 right it wasn't 100 but that alone i don't know why more people are talking about that saying well hang on a second maybe we're getting a little aggressive here and treating all elevated ldl the same but the reason why it's really archaic that we're that we as cardiologists and lipidologists are probably the worst of this to to say um all ldl above 190 all elevated ldl is concerning it's because this fear of familial hypercholesterolemia the trials that included people with ldls greater than 190 in the past didn't really screen out for familial hypercholesterolemia and the point is you don't have to memorize the slide but the point is this is there's a criteria for diagnosing fh and it has to do with what is your ldl of course but do you have physical exam findings what is your family history family history of cholesterol problems or family history of premature coronary disease and there's also the dutch criteria so that was the simon broome criteria this is the dutch criteria there's a genetic analysis but it's complicated right you depending on how many points you get so the the point of of showing this slide again is not for for you to understand the criteria but to say if you as a clinician are diagnosing somebody with fh because their ldl is greater than 190 full stop or if you if your clinician has said that to you your response should be well what's my simon broom score what's my dutch score and if they give you sort of that glazed look in their eyes say google it because it's there because clinicians need to know this because not all ldl is the same and if you have a familial or genetic reason for it it's very different than if you have a lifestyle reason for it especially if you're seeing tremendous other benefits from that lifestyle and then putting ldl into perspective this is one of my favorite slides the um this actual slide was put together by the folks in nutrition network i love how the colors pop so i had a i had to borrow it but this was looking at the women's health initiative and 21-year follow-up data so looking at what what factors they had at the beginning of the study and 21 years later which of those factors correlated most with risk of cardiovascular events and ldl is there right and that's why we it's not that we can ignore ldl the hazard ratio of 1.3 so it was there april b better and so this is my my little advert my uh my public service announcement that really we should be talking about ipo b we should never even be talking about ldlc anymore at all we should be focusing on april b because the literature is just better the risk is better but we're so ingrained with ldl the testing is so easy the guidelines are all around it the the shift is the ship is starting to turn it's just going to take a little bit longer but that's the direction we need to go but anyway so the risk was there but now look at this almost five times higher with a hazard ratio of 6.4 was this lipoprotein insulin resistance score so factors that are more associated with insulin resistant insulin resistance and metabolic disease above and beyond just what your ldl and your apob is and it was almost five times more predictive which is very impressive for a study like this i mean when you look at observational studies and hazard ratios you know below two you really have to question whether it's even a legitimate finding but when you get up into the sixes all right now we're talking now that's a legitimate finding that's worth some attention even from an observational study and then of course when you look at the diseases that were related to it type 2 diabetes was number one and metabolic syndrome number two so pretty impressive that helps reframe what we're talking about when we're talking about cardiovascular risk this is shown very nicely again familiar names dr volk dr finney dr hallberg so thank you again so much for the contribution although my one take just for this a little aside i love when i can get up here and talk about a trial and say well the accord trial showed this the look ahead child show this the courage trial show this what type of title is that i can't come up with a catchy line for that so i don't know if i'm going to complain one thing about all the great science they're doing is you guys need better titles okay anyway so so what their trial showed was um using the carbohydrate restriction at one year there was ldl went up by 10 okay but there was a 12 decrease in their calculated risk score now remember that physicians committee for a responsible medicine paper that i reference so they were in that there was a section about ldl and they quoted this paper and they quoted how this paper showed a 10 increase in ldl and i'm reading it and i'm starting to get big eyes and like oh great next they're going to talk about how the overall cardiovascular risk was decreased and i kept looking and i kept looking and i kept looking but of course it wasn't there all they mentioned was that the ldl went up they failed to mention that despite the ldl going up 10 the calculated cardiovascular risk went down and that goes back to that prior study that shows how cardiovascular risk is so much more than just ldl and how did they do it well there was no change in apob the better marker for cardiovascular risk there was no change how could there be no change in april b when the ldl went up well remnants probably went down so the vldl the idl but also you decrease the small ldl right and this is this is important because we have studies retrospective studies that show if you look at quartiles of small dense ldl and cardiovascular risk the higher the quartile small ldl the higher the risk and when you at least in this study when you look at the larger ldl there was not the same differentiation also the apobeta a1 ratio decreased which i mentioned previously the triglyceride to hdl decreased and the large vldl so this is the remnants that also are atherogenic particles that have apobe that we don't talk enough about but if you're talking about iplb rather than ldl you capture these so the cardiovascular risk went down despite the ldlc going up a little so we don't have to get into this argument well do i focus on metabolic health or do i focus on cardiac health who's going to win the tug of war because they are one in the same and that's also i think a tie that is starting to shift to a degree in medicine people are starting to talk about cardiometabolic medicine and that's that needs to catch on more as well but it's data like this science like this that's going to start to help help further that and then of course i want to take shift for just a second to talk about further evaluations right because if we are blue penguins and we are outside the guidelines the evidence that informed the guidelines maybe don't represent us we need to say what else is out there calcium scores are certainly one of those and and thankfully in 2018 the cholesterol guidelines recognized calcium scores as the power of zero if you have a zero calcium score there's no benefit to treating with statins and this is um from a study out of out of walter reed and for people with a calcium score of zero followed over 10 years whether you treated with them stat with a statin or not there was no difference there's supposed to be two lines there but it's actually right on top of each other because there was no difference if you are seeing a physician or if you are a physician and um ldl is high immediate statin first make sure you know if you have fh or not what is your dutch criteria or simon broome score second put in the context of your overall metabolic health but third if you want more testing say what is my calcium score because the power of zero is there if it's not zero it gets a little more complicated but still can be very helpful needs to be individualized but can be very helpful but the power of zero is there i also want to make a plug for ct angiograms and if i was giving this talk you know five years ago i probably wouldn't be talking much about ct angiograms because the radiation dose was significantly higher than the calcium score but as happens with technology that radio radiation dose has been coming down more and more and look at just how beautiful these pictures are i mean so this will show up on a calcium score but all you'll see is that dot you won't see anything else but you can see the whole lumen of the vessel this is beautiful so you can see that that calcium is really causing no problem with the artery itself and you can see how beautiful these arteries are this is a pretty pretty normal um ct angiogram and you know i was doing ct angiograms for 15 years and when we started the uh the radiation was quite high it could be up to you know 10 millisieverts and a calcium score is one so it's about 10 times uh what a calcium score is now you can routinely get these for four millisieverts only four times what a calcium score is which is about your radiation exposure on a cross-country flight it's a little strange correlation but that's about what it can be so definitely worth considering because you can see things like this like so here's calcium right but what you don't see on a calcium score is that you also have this soft plaque so you can see how it's dark and this is the higher risk situation where you've got the calcium and the soft plaque so a mixed plaque or you've got this sort of napkin ring right here without much calcium that's the higher risk situation that you would treat very differently can i go back yes you would treat very differently than just a speck of calcium with no soft plaque involved no luminal involvement is involved so when you're talking about what is my risk now what is my risk five years from now what is my risk 10 years from now these are two very different scenarios so that's why i'm now starting to talk more about ct angiograms because calcium scores show calcification only ct angiograms show calcification and soft plaque calcium scores don't show the artery lumen the cta shows the artery wall and the lumen and that's important because a lot of times when you get calcium it actually is it can be what we call positive remodeling which means the wall starts to expand outward not inward but outward and that's likely going to be less of a concern that if it extends inward and has the soft plaque um calcium scores are a quick test probably less than five minutes total ctas are longer tests it may take up to an hour because you need to be monitored before and after they might have to give you medication to slow your heart rate down because they're very sensitive to to faster heart rates again newer technology is improving upon that but not everybody's going to have the latest and greatest scanner so it may be a longer test calcium scores are still acceptable at a faster heart rate lower heart rates are better but to a degree faster heart rates are okay whereas for cta you need a slower heart rate calcium scores are cheat are cheap relatively 75 to 250 depending where you get them ctas are going to be much more expensive if not covered by your insurance anywhere from 750 up to 2 000 there's no contrast with a calcium score but there is an iodine based contrast for a ct angiogram so you got to make sure you don't have any allergies before you get it done low radiation one millisievert anywhere you could say between two and eight for ct angiogram it is dependent on on body size body weight um but this is catching up so i guess the point is it's catching up and if you're not sure what to do it's actually very timely i just had a discussion in the back of the room there um someone with a calcium score ended up getting the ct angiogram because the calcium score wasn't great and then how often to follow the ct angiogram of course it's very individualized but there was a time where i would have said no you can't follow ct angiograms it's too risky too much radiation you don't want to get over time now that's changed so start talking and thinking more about ct angiograms my favorite blue penguin we all deserve to be treated like blue penguins if we're physicians we need to look and treat people like blue penguins because the guidelines are just guidelines and they come from data that are from huge data sets that are for the average population and for most people if you're concerned about your health if you're proactive about your health if you're following a healthy lifestyle you're not the average person unfortunately i wish that was the average person but that's not the average person and of course it's not all about nutrition we spend a lot of time talking about nutrition but physical activity you know not the best for losing weight but very good for maintaining weight loss and absolutely crucial for proper weight loss losing lean body mass maintaining or gaining sorry losing fat mass and maintaining or gaining lean muscle mass protein is important exercise is important same for sleep not only does it affect your hormones your cortisol your hunger hormones it also affects the brain the big nugget on top of our heads that sometimes works for us sometimes works against us when we don't sleep tends to work more against us i think same for stress and of course social connections uh so here's the goal right for us as physicians to help people achieve this type of life for us as individuals to achieve this feeling of joy and energy and vitality and it might have nothing to do with ldl it might have everything to do with the lifestyle that you lead so thank you very much for your time thank you so much i have an integrative primary care practice and if time allows i have four questions for you because i'm worried about my patients so the first question is d is an elevated calcium score enough to get a ct angiogram paid for by most insurance carriers or you know i usually try metabolic syndrome pre-diabetes with that too yeah so payment insurance payment in the u.s for ct angiograms is is usually going to be chest pain with a non-diagnostic stress test so short of that it might be a struggle and that's part of the problem with recommending ct angiograms for most people wanting to get one for prevention for lifestyle management it's likely going to be cash pay unfortunately yeah it's really for diagnosis of angina as far as insurances are concerned great talk brad thanks dave i did want to capitalize obviously there's a reason we chose ct angiograms for our study and yes exactly we were talking about before i got one in 2017 and even in just the last four years which by the way in medicine is like an eternity um there's really there really has been a lot of advancements and a lot of the modern machines are both higher resolution and lower dosage the one that we got i actually did a test run with lundqvist and mine was and when i say this just know it's not standardized it depends on your body mass and existing calcification et cetera but i was at around two millisieverts yeah that's great that and of course that was like a no-brainer because free living a lot of people don't realize this is roughly like three millisieverts and just like background radiation so that that tends to be something i think a lot of people should consider and i did want to fit in one more thing and i think you'll likely agree with me on this even though like me you are cautiously optimistic we can never emphasize enough that everybody needs to do their own research figure out between themselves and their doctor what their best choice is um i would want to be sure that everyone felt comfortable with whatever their ldl levels are wherever they're at in their own health journey dave i just wanted to say something you used to be really good at phrasing your statements as questions [Laughter] just say do you agree you kind of lost your touch wait wait wait wait i said you agree wait wait wait comma wouldn't you agree you know that's an excellent question dave thank you for that question but but i would say you know if if you can qualify for that study then you don't have to worry about insurance paying for your ct angiogram so even better and totally hoping dave picks me for that study i wanted to ask a question can you raise your hand in here if you're any discipline of healthcare provider please raise your hand okay i just want everyone to know you'll never see a conference where you've got all these different disciplines and health care sitting in one room socializing talking networking you say blue penguin i like to say unicorns you guys are all unicorns and i hope you realize that because what we're trying to do and the change we're trying to affect and realizing over time that we have to work together as a team to make this stick and continue to go like just know that you guys are total unicorns we all are and just keep doing it i want to give a unicorn talk next year but didn't the american college of cardiology come out twice last year or am i confused and publicly say that oops we've been targeting ldl all this time but maybe we were supposed to be looking at carbs and sugar i read two things last year well so it's it's i i think what you have to be careful of saying what does the american college of cardiology say and what is the journal of the american college of cardiology publish so so there were some position statements and reviews published in jack that were um saying the data does not support uh the red the the push for reducing saturated fat but that is a far cry from saying that the american college of cardiology supports that in their guidelines so no they have not come out to support that but it is a huge victory that they're at least publishing something one paper by dr ronald krauss and others um that that are questioning it so for that to be published in in the country or maybe even the world's most prominent cardiovascular journal is huge do we know if they're doing anything further with that or was it just a and now we're done well so um fortunately dr krauss has been very involved in the acc and the aha and and their guidelines in the past so i'm hoping he still has their ear and is making progress but i i'd be very surprised if they make any changes in their guidelines or recommendations but like i said it is we i think we do have to consider it a victory that they're at least publishing um papers about it thank you yeah thanks brad for your talk uh so as a family medicine doc i i i'm it the cac scores become more a part of my practice and i'm very appreciative of what it's been doing and i've there's a lot of patients that have benefited from it my question pertains to let's say a patient has a high score uh they don't have any symptoms and under chest pain with exercise they're just have medium risk and they've you've kind of done a history on them so the question has two parts one is in the past i've had cardiologists say if it's a high score jump straight to a stress test okay knowing what i know from your talk today um especially in women when you know that nuclear scans can be a tremendous amount of in a stress test can be a tremendous amount of radiation compared to what you're demonstrating here with the ct angiogram would it then be maybe at least for women to reduce the risk of breast cancer uh from from a high radiation scan would it be better to to maybe start with going from a high cac score to to go to a ct angiogram and push for that instead of straight to a stress test yeah great question so this whole concept of elevated calcium score goes straight to a stress test came from a study that showed those who had calcium scores above 400 had a 30 chance of having a positive stress test now positive stress test as your outcome sounds kind of scary but it has nothing to do with who has heart attacks who lives who dies who even has angen or a functional limitation and and that's a bit of a change because anybody would say whoa ischemia positive stress test that sounds awful but that doesn't mean you need a stent that doesn't mean you need treatment so that's that's part of the disconnect um i think in that and that rationale and and some guidelines even say it so there's a disconnect there so i don't think you need to do that and yes depending on the score i would say for most people a calcium score i mean a ct angiogram may be a better test the one caveat is the higher the calcium score the lower the diagnostic yield of a ct angiogram because the the x-ray beam can't penetrate the calcium well so if you have a couple areas with big chunks of calcium you won't be able to see the artery behind it very well now again as technology improves that improves but it's never going to go away completely so where is the threshold hard to say but certainly as you get in up to these really high calcium scores you know 1000 or more ct angiogram may not be very beneficial then so there is that caveat but i think in general it might be a better test than a stress test for someone who is physically active and and um and not having symptoms and doing well otherwise and the other reason i worry about about which going straight to estresis is if you're seriously considering someone has three vessel disease the stress test can have a false negative because of the distribution of the of the flow to all three impaired arteries right we have to recognize that stress tests are not perfect tests and and so what they do they can tell you if you have about a 70 narrowing or more so it won't tell you a thing about 20 30 40 50 60 uh plaque buildup but a 70 narration or more um that becomes symptomatic when you are exercising that your heart's not getting enough blood flow and you're right especially in nuclear stress tests there's this concept of balanced ischemia that if you have three vessel disease it can miss it um you know there are ways to to prevent against that but every every stress test has a false negative rate that's true yeah thank you of course thank you for a great presentation dr sher my name is tina carlson i'm a retired scientist so i love how you get into the the detail and the the papers my question is this as a lean mass hyper responder i saw my ldl obviously go up quite a bit and my nurse practitioner at the time i was working with became convinced i had familial hypercholesterolema and i argued with her i have as a scientist my blood work going back to my early 20s and it was like 180. so my question to you is can you actually have fh and have it show up later in life because that's what she was convinced and i just argued to heck and i had a cac score of 0 at 61. so that calmed her down but she was still convinced i had fh yeah and it made no sense so good question can you have fh that shows up late in life and not early in life and i and i guess the truthful answer is you probably can but it's going to be pretty unlikely because one of the big criteria is age at diagnosis so that was the dutch criteria the simon broome criteria agent diagnosis plays into that for sure as is degree of elevation but so does family history and so does genetic analysis so we don't have to guess anymore that's the thing we can get a genetic test which isn't 100 but is going to pick up the vast majority of uh genetic mutations that can cause familial hypercholesterolemia we can look at our broom criteria and our dutch criteria um and and put it all into context so it's that's i see that all the time and patients come to me all the time i'm i was diagnosed with familial hypercholesterolemia and their ldl when they were 30 and 40 was 110 120. that's not familiar hypocholesterolemia 99.9 of the time and that's what i thought thank you thank you for that i'm a pharmacist that works in primary care one of my scopes is managing lipids so you see secondary you see an event secondary prevention you're automatically thinking statin that 4s trial blew my mind so at the risk of confirmation bias are you aware of any major other statin trials where you see the benefits only in that isolated elevated ldl versus you know having the low trigs and high hdl not having a huge benefit from a statin which is something i've never been taught yeah yeah it's a great question actually to be honest to be honest with you that's the only one i'm aware of that doesn't mean others don't exist but that's the only one for the staten intervention trial that i'm aware of that looked at that and look for for secondary prevention statins still have a role i i don't want to imply that statins have no role they can still reduce cardiovascular events and secondary prevention but they're not the only treatment either and and i think that's the most important point to make and everything's a risk benefit analysis in that particular trial was very interesting the difference and that was a subset of the trial too i should say that wasn't you know in in the whole population they had to get the data that they had and filter it but it's not in the drug companies interest to look at trials that way right and if the a lot of the statin trial isn't available for third-party evaluation um and re-analysis and that's a big problem as well so yeah we don't have a lot of that data okay yeah thanks that's not gonna like ignore the you know that the benefits and secondary prevention but i love the question generating curiosity point that that brings up that many of my colleagues would never think of so thank you hey welcome brett good morning steve panalitas from pennsylvania thank you for the bike tips my wife and i rode quite a bit this week but would you get rid of the traffic before i come out the next time right right that's why i'm a mountain biker now so yeah so um i'm no lipidologist i'm just a dumb surgeon but i like to advise my patients my cancer patients about adopting a healthier lifestyle and i'm always very careful that i say i've suggested this book that book you know low carbohydrate but only do this you know in consultation with your family doctor and i send that to the family doctor i'm a little confused about ldl and i'm just wondering if you have a patient you know whose ldl is creeping up and you know the family doctor is just going to say oh you got to stop doing what that stupid surgeon told you to do because look what it's done to your ldl what would you have that patient do as far as asking for an apoa to april b ratio or a particle ratio because i can tell you right now if i try to get into my epic emr and order one of those tests i could not figure it out and probably my nurses couldn't figure it out because you know we're not in a primary care practice so what would you encourage a patient to say to their family doctor to maybe get what lipid test to get a little closer to what their true risks are never mind you can quote quote framingham and anything else and you know yeah how would you go about doing that yeah great questions how do you approach your primary doctor to get a more detailed look at your at your lipid labs and i guess one answer is you don't need a doctor to get labs anymore i mean you know there are direct to consumer labs that you can get without a doctor's without a doctor's prescription and was it ownyourlabs.com i think i heard something about that that's a a nice site to go to to to get um to get labs done and there are others out there as well but you so the first is you can get the more advanced lipid testing without your doctor um now you have to pay for it right that was not going to go through insurance it can be tricky for insurance to cover it but for me i think the biggest argument is look the guidelines are geared towards you take a statin or do you not take a satin i want to know how my lifestyle is affecting my lipids and one of the biggest ways lifestyle can affect your lipids is the size and density of your of your ldl which is not going to be picked up on necessarily by the the standard lipid test and i want a better marker than just the ldlc which is the apob and or an april b to a1 ratio that those are you know you can explain the science and say but it has to do with my lifestyle not whether i'm taking a drug and that's where a big differentiation comes in in terms of um you know where you monitor your response so yeah i mean there's no perfect answer but it's just trying to explain it that way or just say you know i don't need a doctor i'm just going to go to the internet and get it done all right thank you yeah hi um so if somebody got a ct angio and the results looked terrible would anyone qualify for invasive therapy like what would you do with it beside optimal optimal medical therapy like pci for someone who's asymptomatic or cabbage for some of this is asymptomatic uh and the follow-up to that would be if if not what is the use case for ct angio yeah so a tough question what do you do with an abnormal ct angiogram do you do an asymptomatic patient right you do a stent or do you do bypass so so um i i guess the easy answer there is no if someone is asymptomatic and they don't have severe triple vessel disease or severe osteo led disease then i mean the literature is very clear now that medical management is is as good or better than invasive approaches and treatments unless someone has severe refractory angina so in the absence of that no you don't need to do anything about it but i think that so the argument could be then why do it if it's not going to change your therapy if you're not going to do anything about it well it could inform medical therapy for one thing it could inform you know whether or not you go on a statin um could have you know if you want to make that decision based on soft plaque rather than just hard calcified plaque it's not an evidence-based decision at this point but there's reason to think that that might be a reasonable approach for some people but the other thing is following it because if your calcium score is going up but you're calcifying pre-existing plaque that's in the same location that is likely a different prognostic implication than if your calcium score is going up and you're seeing new plaques develop that are mixed soft and and calcified plaque to me those are two very different scenarios which is ct angiogram is going to tell me much more about that than a calcium score would so for me that that's the biggest reason to get it i think to look for progression or regression right if you had soft plaque before and now that's gone and you have more calcified plaque again this is all outside of guidelines um you know an outside of strong evidence base but to me it makes a lot of sense and i and i think that's a good use of the test personally thank you hey brett how are you great talking thank you one of the concerns i have with a lot of these presentations is that they tend to be about oh sorry they tend to be about outcome metrics and outcome metrics tend to be very unifocal and the decision making capacity is binary the slide i most loved that you showed was the transformation of your vldl apple a apple b to a ldl particle size going down a particle size going up so and is that not representative and i think this is where i'm changing my perspective everything you talked about was really about the so-called cholesterol in colloquial terms is the problem not the physiology and the pathophysiology of triglyceride production and transport in other words that change the the methodology that we're using here in a keto world is altering triglyceride production it's a glucose driven triglyceride production and all of those changes that benefited us were because we changed the production of triglyceride that there needs to be transported are we not talking about the wrong animal are we not talking about cholesterol when it's somewhat less relevant than triglycerides production and the physiology and altering that with our dietary intervention yeah it's a great that's a great point and again the focus on ldl versus the focus on triglycerides we've had actually a few papers published in the past year or two looking at triglyceride rich lipoproteins and how those correlate with cardiovascular risk better than ldl does you know and if we talk about fatty liver it's you know triglyceride and fat um production in the liver usually fueled by carbohydrates is one thing so yeah i think you're absolutely right if we talk about what um why is triglycerides being created and how is it being used as the second side that is probably a much more beneficial discussion than ldl especially for someone who's following a low carb diet because we've changed our physiology when you look at the general studies the average the studies that study the average person they're not burning triglycerides for fuel they're born burning glucose for fuel and their triglyceride synthesis pathway is very different than the average um so i think that's a great point and i keep coming back to that pcrm piece um because it was so egregious but when they talk about fatty liver they had a section on fatty liver and they started that section by saying well for healthy people triglycerides come from you know x y and z in different percentages well if you're talking about someone with fatty liver you're not talking about a healthy person so why are you telling me where their triglyceride has come from in their triglyceride utilization because it has nothing to do with someone who's fatty liver so i think that highlights your point very well that we're talking about a completely different animal right and really you know what we're looking at is that people on a high carbohydrate diet or even a moderate carbohydrate diet their primary focus is the conversion of sugar to triglycerides in the liver transported to the fat cells when you eat a high fat diet chylomicrons transport that lipid directly to the fat cells and then distribute your fat from the fat cells to the body and that determines triglyceride metabolism quite distinctly where you're really not transporting huge amounts of triglycerides when you're on a high fat diet other than postprandully in kylomicrons to the fat cells it's then simple esterified fatty acids that you're releasing whereas when you're eating a high carbohydrate diet the production center is the liver where you're producing the triglycerides your fatty liver and then you have to ship them out to the fat cells and to the body and that's where your lipid transport molecules change and it's that dietary intervention that you showed there which was it was just a beautiful slide to show that our intervention seems to be working not on cholesterol but on triglycerides yeah yeah i think the take home for your point is it's a completely different physiology and we need to recognize that yeah hi brett good morning and i i hope that my english is better today that is my second day in america because yesterday i wanted to ask about inflammation of the endothelium and hopefully dr eastman eric westman asked dr finnish and they helped me with all my questions if not maybe pam can translate my i can't talk in spanish and pam can translate my questions but now to the point don't you think the unstable plaques are soft and the calcified plaques are stable so a higher coronary calcium score would be better than nothing second can you with the angel scan measure the density of the plaques and the third question would be about the statins that are anti-inflammatory and that thickness of the endothelium is inflammatory sign so they the industry they say that the statins are anti-inflammatory and they reduce the density of the plaque which are transforming those soft plaques to hard plaques or calcified plaques which would be better and that would be healed like dr cyrus said yesterday about the skin yeah scare yeah great great question so um let's see how to address these in order is a higher calcium score better because it shows hard plaque well see that's the problem with calcium score is it doesn't tell you anything about soft plaque so all it tells you is that there has been a vascular injury and a cow specific healing response that has happened but it doesn't tell you what else is there so that's why higher calcium scores correlate with increased cardiovascular events because it's just telling you burden of overall disease and an injury but that's where a ct angiogram can be much more helpful because then it will tell you which are calcified and which are not so if you can see non-calcified or mixed calcified plaques become more calcified over time yes i believe that is a good thing because the soft plaque doesn't just disappear it has to sort of heal and in that sense the calcification can be a beneficial thing so that's one of the problems with a calcium score going up is if you're not sure why it's happening so you can do calculations to look at density of plaque so are there are there fewer areas that are getting more dense with calcium or more areas that are getting little speckles of calcium you can calculate that and looking at the images can help as well but a ct angiogram can be very good about that so the next question you asked was can you tell the density of plaque yeah you can just put your marker on it and get the hounds filled units which is just sort of the the radiological term for what is the density of that plaque now the question is does that correlate with outcomes and soft plaque and risk of rupture and risk of mi most likely it does and that's really sort of a hot area of research right now is how to identify vulnerable plaque if you just see a scan which is the hot plaque you know you can do some where people are doing temperature scans by actually putting catheters in the arteries with ct scans can you use certain criteria and is density can be one of those so yeah that is a hot area of research right now with the thought being that um the softer plaque with the thinner cap those are going to be much higher risk and how to best identify those so it's a great question i wish i had an answer that this is the one thing to look for but it's evolving but yeah it is something to consider for sure and about students reducing the risk i'll say one more time the statins reducing the risk because they transform the density of the plaques to cats right so it does that then reduce so does does transforming the soft plaque to a harder plaque reduce your risk of heart attacks or death long term uh we need those studies i mean it makes it makes sense but a lot of things that make sense don't always play out in the literature so we need better studies to show if that is the case or not and do you have any other idea of intervention to stop the development of sclerosis to calcify stenosis to stop the progression of atherosclerosis to calcified stenosis yeah yeah eat real food exercise get plenty of sunshine get plenty of sleep yeah yeah just quickly uh dr roberto kuranta is a great friend of ours he came out in 2017 with his son ignacio and and his other son i'm very sorry i don't remember his name anymore but we had a raffle and he won one of the prizes as a free ticket to the next event you guys are out of luck excuse the expression but every single time he's been to events since then he's won the raffle ticket for the next time hi i'm emma het nichols and i'm a medical writer phd in nutrition from the low-fat era thank you so much for your talk i've got a little bit of an n equals one experiment going on my husband he's doing a low carb diet very recently um and he's got known heart disease so last month his cac score was 2 700. he's still alive he's upstairs and the heavenly upstairs just the room upstairs okay got it right yes so we're trying to document a reversal i'm writing about it and um his blood he's come off by pressure medicines he's all of that's getting better he's insulin resistant and we don't have many options so um i wanted to ask so is it worth him to get a ct angiogram he got a cac score what would be a good time period if we're going to do the ca ct angiogram how like would we do it again next year to see the benefit or what so first of course is i can't give any personal advice but i can certainly give general recommendations so when calcium scores get up above 2000 a ct angiogram in my opinion is going to be pretty useless because that that's where there's so much calcium that there's just going to be way too much artifact to get a meaningful test and even following calcium scores is going to be very difficult at that at that score because there's this so with that much calcium there's so much blooming so much artifact so much to count that the inter-test variability is going to be huge so you know every test has its limitations and it levels that high um i'm pretty skeptical that follow-up tests are going to be beneficial unfortunately so um i i usually wouldn't recommend someone to keep testing now there may be times where it does make sense and it can be done but as a general answer i don't think it's going to be very helpful got it thank you so hey doctor my name is tony martinez and we're going to be talking about this insurance issue medical necessity is what the whole issue is about getting these tests at 12 30 in the harbor side at my breakout i wanted to ask you do you know about the fiat patrick theater the fiat protocol which is to reverse plaque uh i've been doing my own three i'm going on year three as an n equals one and the very interesting thing that happened is last year when i did my cac scan in the lad it went down from 2019 it went down from 37 to 32 and my cardiologist really didn't acknowledge that but she did acknowledge that hey you don't have progression and that's a good sign and i'm about to do another set of tests coming up because i get my annual physical and we'll see uh how that works but i wanted to and and what is the role of vitamin k in all of this because that's a key component in this fiat protocol yeah great question so first first uh my general thought on regression of calcium scores and again i'm pretty skeptical on it because first and foremost it was a vascular injury and a calcific healing response so i'm not sure if we want to get rid of that in the first place now lack of progression is certainly a good thing because it's suggesting that you're not having further vascular injury and healing response and calcific response so i think i think that is more the goal but when it comes to regression that's where i really want to see ct angiograms because i want to see more about what's happening to that plaque rather than just a calcium score also as a clinician i can say you know anecdotally i have seen a number of regression in calcium score where you compare the studies and the quality of the studies is just completely different the heart rate's different the way they measure the calcium is different and you just can't compare you're not comparing apples to apples and that's something you won't get by looking at reports you're only going to get that by looking at the scans themselves so that's the other reason why i personally am kind of skeptical about it doesn't mean it can't happen i just think if we set that up as our goal we really are confusing what the true goal is and we're kind of setting ourselves up for maybe some confusion and potential failure so i'd rather see a ct angiogram in that setting and see that improving rather than a calcium what is the role of vitamin k2 yeah the rule is we need more studies we need a lot more studies on that i love vitamin k2 i like giving it to people with vitamin d3 who have calcific coronary disease it makes sense but i can't stand here and say it's evidence-based at this point i mean there is some evidence that conse suggests it can help with endothelial function um that it may reduce cardiovascular disease to a degree in some small studies but we definitely need more evidence to support that the other thing i can report in that study is i had bone loss in my mouth in my jaw from gum disease periods and i went for a dental checkup and my dentist looked at me and said what have you been doing because the bone loss it's gone you're you're recovered you're like it's great right right so the case i said i've been taking k2 yeah the the theory behind dnk2 is it puts the calcium um where you want it in your bones in your teeth and and doesn't put it where you don't want it that's the theory behind it and so there's there's there's very good anecdotal evidence to support it question two all right she's back so over the last year i've done about 80 hours of evidence-based training in bioidentical hormone replacement therapy and one of the most disturbing statistics and studies that they presented and i wish i could cite the specific study was about statins and how they can raise blood sugar and they were saying that in women that can raise their risk of breast cancer up to 30 percent and what i'm thinking about is as a primary care provider a lot of patients come to me on statins and if they're in that insulin resistance estrogen dominant state already as long as they haven't had a cardiovascular event and aren't a hyper possible familial hyper cholesterolemia isn't it reasonable to just yank them off that statement as they're doing these lifestyle changes yeah so so great point that one of the main side effects and maybe most concerning side effects of statins is it can induce insulin resistance and can make people more likely to develop type 2 diabetes and which for a drug that's supposed to reduce cardiovascular risk is is rather ironic i guess you could say so that is something that does need to be monitored very carefully now one of the things i love about people who are living low-carb lifestyles and doing time-restricted eating and doing resistance training is those are all the things you do to prevent insulin resistance so i think again no data behind it but i think they're much more less likely to get that side effect from statins than the average person but yeah trial off of statins to see what happens to insulin resistance to someone who's having a worsening course while on a statin despite doing other lifestyle things to the contrary i think a trial office sentence is definitely indicated in following tests like a homa ir or even a craft test or or whatever your your preferred method for following insulin resistance and sensitivity i think that's definitely reasonable on a lot of patients dr sure thank you doug i'm just a regular guy with a regular job no financial or a pharmaceutical or medical background so if my question is simple please forgive me but i i'm wondering like i think we all agree that a ketogenic lifestyle is uh a great lifestyle for promoting health and maybe halting the growth of these plaques are you aware of any evidence of improvement of coronary health whether by reduction of plaque or something of else through either a pharmaceutical or medical or lifestyle intervention well so so that's interesting question so yeah any trials showing improvement in plaque with either lifestyle or pharmaceutical so so first the one that doesn't exist is is the vegan diet as a plaque regressor does not exist despite what vegan advocates say you know going back to that ornish trial it was a multi-modal lifestyle intervention trial that involved a vegan diet but also involved smoking cessation and exercise and stress reduction and and medical treatment and so many other things so um but that's what proponents of the vegan lifestyle will say was shown to reduce the method they use for measuring plaque is completely outdated nobody uses anymore and has a high degree of variability so um i i don't put any faith in that but is there any other lifestyle that has proven regression in plaque by a gold standard method absolutely not no there's those studies just haven't been done doesn't mean they've been proved not to it just means those studies haven't been done so instead that's why we follow surrogate risk markers and we have to make sure we're following the proper surrogate risk markers and you know as many as possible and looking at the whole picture and that's where ct angiogram i think is going to be so incredibly helpful because now we can get non-invasive tests we can get better tests that are going to visualize plaque in different degrees and we can learn more about plaque and can test lifestyle so um i think that's pretty good but who's going to you know who people don't want to pay for lifestyle intervention studies and that's why most of the studies do come from drug therapy and yes statins have been shown with intravascular ultrasound to reduce plaque size to cause plaque regression um to small degrees right it's it's not night and day type of changes but yes statins have been shown to have that effect again in the average person in the average population but about their metabolic health what are they doing for lifestyle none of that's controlled just let's take everybody give half a stat and a half not with cardiovascular disease so that evidence does exist yeah and then how does that correlate to outcomes is also a different story because if a plaque regroup regresses by 0.1 millimeter does that make it less likely to rupture and cause a heart attack that's a leap of faith to say one equals the other my name is christine i'm a nutrition advisor and then also certified through your diet doctor cme course excellent um so i focus on nutrition but there are some people that ask are there supplements that you would recommend or is it not necessary but specifically there's people asking oftentimes about coq10 and phospholipids and different metals copper would you say that those are beneficial or just try and get it more from food or is there ones that you would say yes try and supplement like with the k yeah yeah good question but so but first since you brought up you you took the diet doctor cme course i i've got to take that opportunity to jump on it and plug it tell your doctor about it tell your physician about it if you're a physician or any healthcare provider you don't have to be a physician take it because that's part of what we need is is um is more certifications and education for geared towards not just you know our our echo chamber outside our echo chamber so people can learn about low carb nutrition and how to use it in their practice so i'm glad you mentioned that and it's free and it's free right even better um so supplements coq10 yeah i'm a big fan of coq10 for people taking statins um you know statins reduce the production of coq10 in your muscles they can cause muscle symptoms so to me it makes sense to supplement with cocaine coq10 now the problem is what kind how much where's the threshold to get it into the muscles and reverse what's happening that's really unknown you know trials that look at treating people with coq10 100 milligrams for three months don't show any benefit okay does that mean coq10 is worthless if you're on a statin for 10 or 20 years i don't think so so you know i like higher doses i usually recommend 300 of ubiquinone ubiquinol is a little is better absorbed so you can usually have a lower dose is that evidence-based to say 300 no but i think we just need a higher dose than what's been studied in for longer periods of time because the last thing i want is someone to take a statin to be healthier and then they're sitting on the couch more because there's muscles ache and they don't feel like moving around in the absence of statins i mean i'm not a huge fan personally of coq10 there's some doubt about it in heart failure but i don't think it's like a general supplement you need to take it i also don't love supplements where you can't sort of measure the effect which unfortunately is a lot of supplements you know i love niacin to treat small dense ldl or treat lp little a because you're measuring a certain thing and you can see does it have an effect does not have an effect if it doesn't you stop it um you know other supplements you can talk about vitamin d and omega-3s and k2 and there are so many different supplements and i think they all have a role it's just hard to say you know who should take what in general but they all they they have a role in the right situation okay i enjoyed your talk thank you my name is angie i'm a general internist and weight loss doctor um i have a patient that's like 73 and i followed her for 15 years she's normal weight her ldl was always but her hdl was always 65. over time though it crept up it got into the 165 170 range and i did an advanced lipid profile and it was sort of equivocal so we got a calcium scoring and in my institution it reported in the 90th percentile of high plaque so i sent her to cardiology and they did an angiogram and the vessels were clean calcium was not in the lumen yeah so my my question there they they put her on a statin still is that indicated or not yeah i mean so it is a bit of a knee-jerk reflex that calcium equals statin because calcium coronary calcium means you have vascular disease and anybody with vascular disease needs a statin that is becoming accepted as the standard of care whether that's the right thing for each individual is a completely different story a completely different question and you know impossible to answer without all the information but yeah i mean that is that has become accepted within cardiology that one um that that presence of calcium can equal statin especially if it's in above the 75th percentile because that is in the guidelines um or if it's above an absolute number of 100 because that is in the guidelines um but again whether that is correct for each patient is is completely a different question yeah and she would you know a ct angiogram would have been a much better test there than an invasive angiogram anyway uh well she she was having i think after she got the test back she started thinking am i having chest pain and yeah turned out to be asked her suggestion but a similar question i had a patient that had a ct scan back up oh oh okay well all right here's the perfect example who loves who actually follows doug's doug's suggestion she's like doug's best friend here thank you thank you for asking and hopefully this one will be a lot more fun knowing what you know about metabolic risk factors for heart disease what would be your dream risk calculator and when can we expect it the dream risk calculator that's a great question yeah so i didn't show the the traditional cardiovascular risk calculator but they're they're very simplistic it's ldl hdl blood pressure age whether you have diabetes as if it's like blood sugar is a binary thing um whether you smoke as if you know smoking one cigarette's the same as smoking 100 cigarettes so it's clearly a poor risk calculator but sort of the best we have right now i would want to know april b rather than ldl i'd rather want to know remnants i'd want to know you know insulin resistance scores rather than just diabetes i think all of those um really factor in uh much more strongly like that that slide from the the women's health initiative those were much more powerful predictors in that population than was just ldl or even just blood pressure so i would love to see those in a risk calculator and when i have free time i'll come up with it how about that as for one eric westman durham north carolina heard of you hi eric thank you for thank you for what you do um did you see the i think a very important paper earlier this year by dugani eddal in jama cardiology um i don't remember our authors be a little more yeah well i want to make a point of it because it was the incident coronary heart disease in women meaning first event so and it's an outcome study with you know 20 000 odd women and they have a great figure showing the predictors and you line up all the predictors and their lpir calculation from the nmr lipo profile was the one that clearly was more predictive of the first heart attack in women and then diabetes was prominent then hypertension smoking bmi hdl and then way down here it was almost not even significant was that pesky little ldl yeah so i'm sure you got a very important phone call or something during my talk and had to go get it i showed that slide you did yeah from the women's health initiative from the the 21-year follow-up that's dugani adele thank you okay yeah yeah so absolutely yeah and i love that slide i love that study i think it's so instructive about the importance of metabolic health and putting ldl in perspective and putting ldm perspective first to apob but then more importantly to metabolic health because those far outweighed the risks of ldl when predicting future risk over that 21-year period so yeah i thank you for bringing that up again of course it's very important one study is fine but you need a replication so i urge people who have control of these data sets to to look at a similar kind of predictive model without forcing ldl in the model first and that's what's happened historically because ldl was thought to be so important when you don't assume it is important it's not so important when you're looking at these other things now the problem is it's only women and there were only four i think four percent uh outcome so this is i mean i see this as an important model of what to do but not definitive yet correct that's a great point that's a great point about uh replicating studies understanding limitations of studies and their general applicability um and yeah we need i'm sorry i did have an important phone call that's all right very good um thanks for taking my second question this is semi related to the other one if you have a patient that has a ct scan for the chest rule out pe or whatever it comes back showing incidental calcification in the led they have normal cholesterol they're not hypertensive should they be on a statin that's my other question i mean clinical questions like that are incredibly difficult to answer in this type of scenario i mean it should put put them on your radar screen as someone who needs if further evaluation so do they get a more dedicated calcium score so you can quantify it and see what their you know what percentile they are and what the number is um you put it in their overall risk risk assessment their you know whether they get a statin or not i think unfortunately questions like are um people think there's a simple answer and there isn't and and if you think there's a simple answer as a physician then you're not digging deep enough and you're not asking enough questions and that's where i think the mindset really needs to change to say it's not x equals y you know not calcium equals statin but calcium equals okay you've got my attention now let's really figure out what's going on and let's really dig into it and start asking the right questions so if if you have kind of a middle-aged person maybe some type 2 diabetes and and they get a cac and it's positive it's over definitely over a hundred you put them on a low carb diet everything gets better all the lipid markers get oh sorry and then you put them on a statin at that time and then you put them on a low carb intervention everything gets better and they ask you can i take my statin off now i mean how would you cancel them oh the questions on statins um yeah so that that's a that's an impossible question to answer so again you just need more information um about that so is satin the right treatment in that scenario to begin with um you know maybe a ct angiogram is a better test to see and to follow what's their metabolic what's their lifestyle those are much more important questions to me do you stay on the statin or not it depends what your goal is for treating them with a statin are you treating to a goal ldl are you treating to plaque regression or plaque stabilization if so you need to measure what your goal is or do you just believe statin for life in that situation and if that's what you believe then you don't you don't take it away but if you if you want to think about taking it away you need to ask yourself what am i trying to accomplish with this statin how do i measure it how do i see if i'm having the effect i want or not and then and then make the decision whether to treat or not he's back that's right i figured you know since uh since just about everybody cleared out i was just gonna fit in just this one last thing i have a confession when you posted the diet doctor video where you were talking about how ldl typically goes down you're using youth and weiss's study given you didn't actually mention that that was in the aggregate and of course in the aggregate we're going to have a lot more who have obesity and diabetes and so forth that was one of my problems with the meta-analyses but then when you did the video on it i almost did like a tweet thread or a response video or something along those lines because i did think we need to make that distinction i think at this point while i know it's a generality i do think that it is generally true that if you are severely type 2 diabetic obese it's more likely than not that your cholesterol won't change very significantly or if it does increase it'll be very marginal such as what we see with the virta population but likewise and i actually say this to people who say that i'm considering going on a low carb diet and i'm very concerned that my cholesterol will go way up and i say if you're concerned about that and i can see that you are likely metabolically healthy and lean it's very likely and therefore technically i do think we should make the stratification for that population i do worry that that title kind of felt a little click-baity to some degree and i think a lot of people might see it and be like oh okay so we know from the meta analyses that's just unlikely i feel like we do know of the population for which it would be likely yeah i think that's a really good point and and thank you for making it that any of these trials meta-analysis even the individual trials like the vertica trial the the the data reported is the average and but when you look at the individual plots some ldl goes up some goes down some doesn't change so on average it doesn't change i guess i present it in that way because of what's being presented on the other side by cardiologists and lipidologists that you cannot go on a low-carb diet because your ldl will go up period you know that's that's what's being promoted um so maybe i do go too far the other way to say no it doesn't look the the data says it doesn't but yes in some people it does because it does go both ways and there is individual variation but on average in those studies it doesn't so that is a very good point so i have a proposal you could just do a part two just a thought wouldn't you agree i got to think i don't think i've ever said no to that question when you've asked it dave so okay so we're actually running out of enough time but maybe let's take one if there's a question one question from the live stream yeah if rick asked a question from the live stream i got to answer that first i promised i might answer his questions oh let me ask one from dylan and then i'll look for rick uh rick would like to know um do you have any concerns about excess linoleic acid and oxidize ldl ah linoleic acid the hornet's nest let me kick the harness nest here so first and foremost uh diet doctor podcast we just did a podcast where i interviewed six different experts to get their opinions on vegetable oils and linoleic acid do we have any concerns about oxidation from linoleic acid yes i think the mechanistic data is very concerning is it concerning enough that it impacts the average person's health in a negative way i don't know that we have outcome data just actually let me rephrase that we do not have outcome data to suggest that that is the case does that mean we know everything about it and we have all the data to answer the question no um so do i eat any vegetable oils or cook with linoleic acid in any way absolutely not do i recommend any of my patients do it absolutely not do i recommend most people do it absolutely not can i stand here and say we have strong clinical evidence to show it is dangerous absolutely not so it was a little bit of a disconnect there but i think we have to be honest what the evidence says and the mechanistic data is concerning good quality clinical data so far does not necessarily reflect that but that doesn't mean you should run out and then eat it with impurity impunity but you know if you're going to eat out a couple days a week and get a little bit of seed oil when you eat out for most people that's not going to even move the needle if you're guzzling it and specifically cooking with it because you think it's a health food because it lowers ldl by 3 or something then i think you're in the wrong boat there so that that's my take on it but my real answer is listen to the podcast because there's some it's good to get the different variety of answers um from the six experts i had on there

  Top Comments:
  1. @patriciajohnson9299 [26 likes]: The last Doctor I had told me that my Low Carb Lifestyle was “Extreme”!! She actually said it in a confrontational tone…. I knew I would be discontinuing my coverage through that Plan after that statement. I decided then that I would stop looking for a better more knowledgeable up to date Doctor & just have medical insurance as in HMO & order my own Blood Test & Educate myself to try and monitor my own Health.
  2. @scoobtoober2975 [3 likes]: I'm guessing i'm not a hyper-responder. I want to share my results. On the SAD diet. HDL was 42, ldl was 142 , tg 85, one year ago. Have been doing LCHF OMAD mostly 4 month of it. hdl 53, ldl 133 (chart says high >100), tg 64. Then 2 more months after this last tests. Results are hdl 62, ldl 106 tg 134. total cholesterol went from 192 to 204 to 191. I fell way better, lots 50 pounds 212 to 168, muscle added. 6 month change is what this diet/lifestyle has been. bp 150/90 ish to 115/70 ish. It does fluctuate like most. But somewhere in there. Moderate exercise and resistance training. A bit more than in the past year. Compared to the past 6 months. Previous i was avoiding red meat and saturated, but not a focus. I would eat fast food trash often and was hungry right after. We'd eat bread and butter most days. Red meat 3 out of 7 days a week. Skip meat once a weak. Now it's meat meat meat. Every day all the time. OMAD or TMAD. I wake up on time and usually early, less alarm clocks are needed. Pants do not stay on my thin hips. LOL
Love you doctors that care and know what can work for lots of people in the situation.
  3. @scoobtoober2975 [2 likes]: Walk in lab is a good site. I used once. Easy to just type it in. I did a lab quest regular blood and metabolic panel. But labcor now does the NMR, or advance lipid panel. Which includes A1C. YAY. It is 250$ but well worth it. The base blood test is good to see. If you are hyper responder and high LDL or TG then get the advanced. This variation in people is very tough to wade through. Thanks for helping break some of this down to what matters.
  4. @scoobtoober2975 [2 likes]: I'm glad to hear the radiation dose is getting less. My in-laws have a history of the contrast dye causing major inflammation and some times major events. One description was, it was like battery acid being sent in. Their body was set on fire inside. I hope this change can help that.
  5. @scoobtoober2975 [1 likes]: Talked with another, they said. You wont like what I eat for breakfast. I said, hold on. I bet I will like it. He didn't believe me. They eat eggs and sausage and a biscuit just about every day. Or cereal. They were 89 and flying on a plane with no chaperones. They travel all the time. I said eat the eggs and meat, skip the cereal. Very active, even if they were both obese and medicated in various ways. I think the saturated fat has protective effects for sure. I gave them my two cents and hope they keep moving. They've heard of keto and one meal a day. Or twice a day. They stick to that in general. I did say i'm not a dr and your dr wouldn't want to hear this stuff anyways.
  6. @bert_buikema [1 likes]: Big Food/Pharma/Agro are and have been corrupting science for more than eight decades. It will take giant efforts to bring the truth to the main public. Bret Scher is one of the heroes who keeps on trying.
  7. @chandrakantkanase2971 [1 likes]: agree that carbs are not essential nutrients  because humans can make carbs / glucose as  needed. 
We have a system for gluconeogenesis which uses amino acids and glycerol for glucose synthesis as required - but the mechanism is  inefficient one .
The daily capacity of human being for gluconeogenesis is estimated to be about 2.8 gm / kg body weight / day . About 200 gm / day for an adult weighing 70 kg. 
But if we consume carbs ( only sufficient enough) then requirement for protein will go down. Body will use ingested carbs for obligatory requirement.
In this case proteins would be preferably used for other body functions. 
Would it be advisable to to eat carbs up to 120 to 200 gm / day so as to spare proteins for other body functions ? - protein sparing effect of carbs. 
Obviously the carbs should be unprocessed  and no sugar  !!! 

Any scientific argument would be appreciated -
  8. @lynnewilley9464 [1 likes]: My state of NY you can't get labs outside your doc WHY ??
  9. @y.g.1313 [1 likes]: It is soo annoying in 2022 to hear all that nonsensical tip-toeing around statins and veg. GMO  oils. Those are dam poisons, slowly killing millions of people, helping noone. Full stop.
  10. @TomSmith-cv8hk: Well 3 years later Dave's keto trial showed high LDL isn't the same for everybody.
  11. @oldbiker9739: statins only give you 5 to 10 more days , lol
  12. @CynCityAustralia: 32:00 - so many points in this talk I was nodding and thinking 'this guy is providing SO MUCH insight and guidance' resisted commenting each time ;-) However at this point, and being a Blue Penguin, his comment about me not being an average patient is a sad reality.
  13. @scoobtoober2975: I've poked and prodded obease people i talk with. Friends or not. One example was a guy 50 pounds overweight, at least. Was trying so hard to eat right and exercise a little. The very common theme is they don't exercise much because they are overweight and hurt and are mentality drained. But with the one person, was trying and trying. They drank coffee, i said ok. Then said, oh i put some cream in it. ok, real heavy cream. Yes. I also add some honey. I only eat once a day. I can't loose any weight. Do you take a nice multi-vitamin. yes. I said, just keep the honey out. They said ok. I'm going to try that.
6 days, only. 16 pounds lost. They said, it's incredible. I can not believe it.
Many are stuck in the liver/fat hypothesis. If you can't get you liver to take fat out of the reserves you will not loose weight. It fights you on it if you keep feeding it tiny amounts of carbs or sugar. I attest to this. I struggled with this type of problem my whole life. I would do one meal a day, but then gourge on that wrong things. For me the jam was potatoes or natcho chips. Super fat holding and storing with little energy given up right away. I would snack and eat 5 times a day and be hungry right after. 
Beef and cream, that is. I think for me that is highly sustainable. For 6 months of doing this. I needed a good multi-vitamin to get my body regulated again. Now I don't need it. If you feel good and have good energy. Keep it up. Get some proper blood work. Follow this YouTube channel.
Bret thanks for keeping up with this and saving lots of lives. 
Mine was saved by lustig "sugar the bitter truth" and a guy in the comments saying OMAD. I never heard of that. It was paramount to my weight loss and energy success. I can exercise a whole bunch and feel great doing it. i dreaded running or doing anything, strenuous. I was an athlete in from 10 years to 25 years. I was never a good top performer. I was puffy and not happy. Now it feels super good today. I plan to do some competitive things again and hope to do better. Also, my balance before was trash. I think it'll get better now. 
If you have sore legs or PN. Hand stands every day. Or get an inversion table. You have to re-train your veins and cardiovascular to get that blood down and back from you legs. Cold showers too.
  14. @yannisvaroufakis9395: I’m 66 and have a bit of hypertension. My dilemma however is that I am seriously UNDERweight and need to bulk up (endomorphic, 6’ tall, 139lbs). If I can be this skinny (and I have been all my life— I was 128-130 at 17) eating an entire pizza for lunch, how can a Low cab Keto diet benefit me?
  15. @user-rn3rn6nl3h: So basically....  the medical industry at large is more driven by profit than health. 🤯 Hmm..... Where else have I seen this, right, the past two years...
  16. @banjobandasan3725: salute!
  17. @greendeane1: Call it the halberg trial
  18. @eugeniebreida: Note to Videographer:  Show us The Slides!!  

This vid is having me tear my hair out!
  19. @vas4739: What do stents look like on CAC score & any dangers of the 4 milisieverts?
  20. @Azdrum72: You mention vit k2. A recent study showed that it does nothing to reduce plaque.  Can you back up why you still use it?

- Science of Ketosis: Regain Your Metabolic Health & Age Backwards | Dr. Dominic D’Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en when we look at the research to actually see that Parkinson's was arrested dead in its tracks is a pretty breathtaking result and now we're seeing you know slowing of decline in Alzheimer's patients and even in diabetic patients a 70% risk reduction uh in de risk of developing Alzheimer's in that case in established diabetic patients in the comparison part of that study to uh the use of insulin [Music] We're hearing a lot about the ketogenic diet lately. That's for sure. And with good reason. There is so much to be gained by looking at this science and in fact engaging our bodies in a diet that lowers our intake of simple carbohydrates and actually welcomes back the consumption of dietary fat. And who better to tell us about the benefits of a ketogenic diet and his research than Dr. Dominic Dagustino. We've had him on the program before. Let me tell you a little bit more about Dr. Dagustinino. Dominic Dagustinino is a PhD and he is a tenure associate professor at the University of South Florida Morsani College of Medicine in the department of molecular pharmarmacology and physiology. He teaches medical neuroscience, medical physiology, nutrition and neuropharmacology. and he is also a senior visiting research scientist at the Institute for Human and Machine Cognition to assist with their efforts towards optimizing the safety, health, and resilience of the war fighter and astronaut. His primary research focuses on developing and testing nutritional and metabolic based therapies for a variety of disease states and advancing the use of metabolic based therapies into human clinical applications. So, I'm really looking forward to our time together with Dr. Dacino. I've known him for many, many years. He's really a leading voice in how we understand things like the ketogenic diet, how we regulate our blood sugar, and how we can really increase uh insulin sensitivity, which is a very important goal. Let's get right to our interview. Dominic, how are you doing? I'm doing very well. Great to be here. Yeah, it's good to see you again. Um, you know, there's a lot of talk about ketogenic diet. People are wondering what it's all about, why it's important, and before and we're going to unpack that, that's for sure. And you're the man to do it or the person to do it. Uh, but uh, how did you get started? What what made you so interested in metabolism? Yeah. Uh, well, I've always been interested in nutrition and I did major in that as an undergrad, uh, along with biology. Uh and then I focused on I was mentored by a physiologist and a neuroscientist. So I I did my PhD in both of those things and I just knew you know fundamentally I did my PhD in a pulmonary critical care division and many of the people even in there you know were many of these things treatments you know could have been a nutritional intervention for that and uh I did my post-doal fellowship mostly focusing on drugs that could mitigate seizures oxygen toxicity seizures which limit Navy Seal diving and hyper hyperbaric oxygen therapy. So our lab is very we have a hyperbaric uh research center at the lab. So I do a lot of work on that front and uh and then you know we were using drugs that essentially were not working to block the seizures and then I discovered that you know the ketogenic diet had been used for you know since the 1920s. Uh I transitioned into that and uh really that changed the trajectory of my career as did your books. uh uh soon about four years into this you know you had published grain brain and then brain maker brainwash and then more recently drop acid. So your books have really sort of provided me with like the fundamental principles and sort of reinforced a lot what what I was doing at the medical college and uh you know I was in a tenure track position so it was not really looked favorably transitioning from drug research to nutrition research and um but it all worked out. So yeah, how how does nutritional research benefit the institution per se? Yeah, that well that that's a question. Yeah. So, uh there's not a whole lot of an hanging in the air. Yeah. So, uh ketogenic diet and you've become kind of the godfather of the ketogenic diet, the go-to guy, uh to really break it down, explain it to people. I mean, you know, there's there's certainly plenty of influencers talking about aspects of of ketones and and various diets, uh, timerestricted eating, actual full-on fasting, but what is it about being more into ketosis? And maybe we should first talk about what that means. But what I want to do is ultimately get to the place that that seems to be a good thing for metabolism. Then we'll look at why improving our metabolism is a good thing and maybe relate that to the brain. Why not? But let's just first talk about what it is that you're trying to do. Why are you trying to increase ketones and what are they and why are you trying to increase them in the bloodstream? Yeah. Uh well there's even a debate within the epilepsy world as in regards to the levels of ketones and their you know how they correlate to seizure control and and now I think the data is emerging that if we look at beta hydroxybutyrate and acettoacetate and also acetone which these are all things that we measured like with mass spec in the lab in our early studies we find that the degree of ketosis is we can there's good evidence to suggest that that's associated with the therapeutic efficacy of this nutritional intervention. And the ketogenic diet being a very calculated macronutrient ratio that shifts your physiology from burning primarily glucose for energy to fatty acids and ketone bodies for energy. And then the ketones more or less become the alternative energy substrate. uh in addition to glucose, we're still burning glucose for fuel, but then they become an alternative energy substrate that not only have metabolic effects, but they have a wide range of signaling effects. And they're being used for, you know, at least two dozen different clinical applications. And I I know them off the top of my head. I can kind of run through them all. Why? And you know 10 years ago there might have been three or four like you know Lennox Gustoau syndrome or der and you know different forms of epilepsy but um but there's 439 registered clinical trials on clinicaltrials.gov of right now for ketogenic diets. And actually that dropped very slightly from last year which was like 450 or something mostly because there's about a hundred or more clinical trials on ketone supplementation. So many people you know that are coming to this field kind of see that an innovative path of using various forms of ketone supplementation for some of the same disorders. So actually exogenous ketones that are ingested and I'm wondering if there may be uh less interest in studying a a dietary intervention that targets metabolism uh in our current climate in that now we're seeing such an overwhelming representation in the research and certainly in in the the clinical application of GLP-1 agonist drugs. Yeah, I mean I think that's kind of like a good example, right? uh we you know I our medical college has a nutrition science uh course and you know we are uh we're one of the maybe less than 20% of medical schools that have a nutrition uh program and within the various speakers there's quite a heavy interest I would say on GLP1s uh but also like nutrition with GLP1s but also the the off-ramp to coming off of GLP1s and and how you manage nutrition with that but you know, GLP1s have are they're amazing drugs. My course director, Dr. Barbara Hansen, you know, works has worked with Gerald Schulman. She's spearheaded the original insulin research, you know, and and and diabetes. And uh she did the original research in GLP1s all the way back in the 1980s and 1990s. I think maybe people don't even know this research was going on back then but she was involved in that research and they they have remarkable effects on metabolism primarily through uh dietary energy restriction right so the gastro paralysis and and they do come with a host of side effects I I think in some cases they can be even lifesaving for that you know obese type 2 diabetic and really add years to their lives but uh but I think they they need to be used cautiously and I I think you know yeah um it's really sweeping uh through like wildfire you know it's it's an interesting metaphor I would choose that in in these times but but nonetheless you know in our world your world and my world related to the brain you know I think we're really starting to see some and and I'm not arguing in favor of widespread usage of GLP1 off agonist off label for brain issues but when we look at the research that uh the New England Journal of Medicine article from April of last year demonstrating in a one-year interventional trial of I think 153 Parkinson's patients that the the placebo group declined on the UPDRS scale by about three and a half points as expected but the intervention group getting lickened not only stabilized but had a slight improvement you and I have never seen that I mean uh we've seen slowing down of the decline on a ketogenic diet. Matthew Phillips work in in New Zealand has demonstrated that. But to actually in its tracks, that was a pretty um was a pretty breathtaking result. And now we're seeing, you know, slowing of decline in Alzheimer's patients and even in diabetic patients, a 70% risk reduction uh in de risk of developing Alzheimer's in that case in established diabetic patients in the comparison part of that study to uh the use of insulin. So, you know, I I bring these points up because it it keeps you and I you and me keeps me keeps you and me focused on the pivotal role of metabolism and your work in dietary intervention as it relates to metabolism and gets us back to ketogenic diet. So let's just uh for a moment unpack the notion of ketogenic diet, the production of ketones versus pretty much the higher carb approach of the modern day what used to be called the standard American diet than the western diet, now the global diet where we're pretty much running on on glucose day in and day out. How does metabolism look different when people are more ketogenic, i.e. cutting way back on the provision of carbohydrates and actually welcoming a diet that brings some fat to the table. Mhm. Yeah. I think it's important to recognize that the ketogenic diet is a pretty restrictive and some may say severe, some may say draconian uh dietary uh approach that restricts carbs typically under in kids, you know, it's under 10, but in adults under 20 grams of carbohydrates per day. No sugar, no added sugar, no starch, uh maybe small amount of of fiber you would get from uh green vegetables. So with the balance of the uh the macronutrient energy coming from fats. So with a classical ketogenic diet it's about 87% fat with a modified ketogenic diet upwards of about 65% fat. And then there's you know different categories of ketogenic diets from classical to modified Atkins MCT based diet. There's a low glycemic index diet developed by elizabeth teal from Harvard. So uh which is not ketogenic but may have some therapeutic effects like for autism and other disorders but the the primary thing is that you're suppressing the hormone insulin and um a suppression of the hormone insulin is required for hpatic ketogenesis for your body to make uh ketones and it essentially what happens is that with carbohydrate restriction and protein moderation uh there is a depletion uh a decrease in hpatic uh glycogen and The liver is more or less like an energy sensor and when levels get you know low enough that stimulates beta oxidation of fatty acids in the liver and then the accumulation of acetal coa will that'll form acceto accetoacetate and then that makes beta hydroxybutyrate which is the more stable ketone molecule in circulation and we have different ratios of acceto acid to beta hydroxybutyrate in the blood and it's sort of an interesting area of science and research to sort of look at that but uh but the definition the clinical is that your elevation of blood ketones is about 0.5 millmer and above but we can measure ketones in urine in blood and also in breath and I've you know experimented with all these different you know uh measurement tools many of them commercially available and when you achieve and sustain that we know that ketones are neuroprotective they're cardioprotective they're anti catabolic we've published on cancer cexia we have models where we inject lipop polysaccharide LPS and create massive systemic inflammation that we can mitigate a lot of that with uh elevating ketone levels. Uh they have antioxidant effects, they have anti-cancer effects. So we've we researched these and we've published you know multiple uh dozens of publications like on all these different applications. So there are a lot of popular diets now uh timerestricted eating full-on ketosis uh Dr. Vulture Longo talks about fasting mimicking diet and are these all kind of nuances of allowing the body to be trending more at least directionally towards more ketosis. I think that's one of the the benefits. Uh you know with timerestricted eating, intermittent fasting, uh timerestricted feeding, whatever you want to call it, uh essentially what's happening is that you are creating um an eating window and a fasting window. And during the fasting window, you are putting your body into typically a mild state of ketosis. You're uh reducing the level of insulin to levels that would otherwise not happen. Uh maybe if you're even calorically restricting the same amount, at least during that window. So they the benefits from them are derived largely from the energy deficit. I would say like maybe 80% is hard to put a number but then there are probably additional benefits for for example you're letting the gut rest and repair uh you know you're enhancing maybe you know uh enhancing gut permeability or reducing gut permeability by giving your gut some time to rest. So I think there are some additional you know benefits by having that fasting window independent of calories and that seems to be the debate within within people in the field that study timerestricted feeding and you know and other people looking at energy models will say well you know all those benefits can just be you know tied to the caloric deficit that you inadvertently eat less food if you're eating within a restricted window. uh and I think that's true too but I think there are some additional benefits as Dr. Walter Longo uh Dr. uh Zach and Panda, you know, have talked about, you know, I've interviewed them for various podcasts, too. So, the the work is is breathtaking. And, you know, when you take the a deep breath and step back, it's it seems true that what we are doing is emulating our huntergather forebears who must have had times when their their hunting and gathering was not as productive and they had to be a bit more resilient. And I think that what you're really presenting here is a a hormetic stress that when we are calorie deprived, energy deprived that it is a bit of a stress. And what we're then taking advantage of and activating are these mechanisms whereby we ultimately become more resilient and stronger metabolically uh by stressing our bodies in this way that by restricting the carbs and allowing our bodies to utilize our endogenous fat or as is popular today providing exogenous fat. in the form of in the form of supplementation. I think there's also a all great points that you make and I I also think there's probably a behavioral component when you do that that it changes your relationship with food and that maybe it instills in you a level of discipline around food around restriction and the more you do it the easier it gets and I think the more benefits you derive from it. So it's kind of like a a feed forward sort of thing is that once you start to experience the energy and and quite frankly that you know the dietary control that you have once your insulin is suppressed and you start making ketones. So the ketones do you know I talked about we study the neuroinflammation we study anti-cardiac anti-cancer effects and things like that but I think just by virtue of being an energy molecule that your body has access to it keeps your brain in a state of of preserved metabolic energy production even in the face of hypoglycemia which is associated with a caloric deficit. So I think achieving and maintaining a level of ketosis makes being in a caloric deficit more uh easier so you don't the the hypoglycemic lows do not trigger uh a craving for food and overeating and going off the rails and you know the early work by George Cahill and Oliver Owen at Harvard when they fasted subjects for 40 days and injected them with insulin they were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia which is just was in 1967 they published It was just a very dramatic demonstration that that ketones could largely replace glucose as an energy molecule. And so that's you know the neuroprotective component to that really interested me. But I think more practically if you have low levels of ketones even one millmer is providing your brain with 10% of its available energy just one. So pretty much I remember talking to Dr. Cahill and Dr. each about this and it was like you know one one millmer was like 10% of brain energy 2 millmer is like 20% of brain energy largely speaking so that that's very important in the context of many disease processes well I think it's interesting from from that research that um even at at the 40-day point with those subjects actually there were medical students and I think perhaps some premed students who got paid for this uh that you know even at that point there were still utilization of about uh 20% of of what was powering the brain was still glucose. I mean, we have a notion that well, you're shifting over to, you know, full-on ketones and the reality is there's still residual glucose powering the brain. I thought that was that was quite interesting. Yeah. So that that's important because that gets confused a lot like if you want to your body the it's often framed like you switch from glucose to ketones but that's there's there's a transition more but there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain our blood glucose and uh you know that the the ketones can fill that energetic gap but even when you fast for a week which I've done my glucose still stayed at you know about 60 millmer or No one's no one's going to say that fasting is easy. It is a challenge. I mean, I I you know, we've all done it. We've all tried to walk the talking. To be fair, it isn't. It isn't easy. But being on a more ketogenic diet is certainly a lot easier. And especially uh if you cycle, I don't mean bike. I mean if you if you cycle between uh keto, being in keto and not being in keto. And you mentioned uh are you using what would a consumer you think use to measure his or her um depth of ketosis? Do you think the breath an analysis uh is adequate? Yeah, I I have you know lots of things right around my desk that are doing experiments now. So you have you know I don't you know market any brand or but the Abbott precision extra I mean we've published a lot with that. The more recent is the keto mojo device that has the glucose ketone index that we can go into that that's the millimmer concentration of glucose over ketones. It's a very important biioarker. Uh I got lots of tools here. Lactate meter. I got your uh you are sure the the uric acid. Thank you for sending that. I'm still measure that. And then ketones too. Yeah, I I keep mine handy. Actually, I I correlated my uh urer to the uh to a blood test just and I got the results yesterday and it looks like it's uh right on target. Uh yeah, I got 4.6 at the lab and 4.7 on the finger stick. So, um I did Yeah, I got 4.6. I don't know if you could see it from there. There you go. Great minds think alike. Yeah. Yep. Yep. And that was sort of after a meal, too. So, yeah, I also validated mine with u Quest Diagnostic Labs and it was like plus or minus 0.2 or 0.3. So, it was pretty close. There you go. Um, you you mentioned how uh ketosis is really a a good way of restoration uh for insulin sensitivity by reducing insulin, reducing the challenge of higher levels of insulin in the body and good for insulin sensitivity. Why should we care? Mhm. Well, uh, you know, broadly speaking, you know, most Americans are insulin resistant and, uh, and, uh, after especially after 50 and the 60s and 70s, uh, you know, uh, pre-diabetes or diab you know, people have overt diabetes. It's a large percentage of the population. So the fastest way to bring down your insulin and to restore insulin sensitivity is to restrict carbohydrates and to restrict uh to some extent total calories too can help augment that process. But fasting, you know, timerestricted feeding combined with a lower carb, you know, I like to do timerestricted feeding with a ketogenic diet, but you could do with a Mediterranean pattern. You know, I like to use the word low carb Mediterranean style diet. You know, I'm still confused about what a Mediterranean diet is and how it's defined in the literature, but simply eating 100, you know, 50 to 100 grams of fibrous carbs per day, uh, you know, and following a Mediterranean style diet would probably, you know, restore most people's health. uh we tend to target like disease processes and uh you know everything from genetic disorders to epilepsy to other things and then a bigger lever for that would be ketogenic therapy in the form of diet or supplementation or you know maybe even timerestricted feeding. So but it's that insulin it's it all kind of focuses just get back to your question uh reducing the level of insulin or restoring insulin sensitivity through carbohydrate restriction. Well, hi everyone. Dr. David Promoter here. We hope you're enjoying this content and if you would do so, go ahead and hit the like button and if you're not already a subscriber to our channel, please consider doing so. Uh we're really grateful to have you as part of our community. So, let's get right back to the presentation. I I think a um a question that a lot of people have is on how much protein they should be consuming. And you indicated earlier that, you know, if you're consuming a lot of protein, that might help keep you out of ketosis, which is not the goal. Uh, we're hearing the protein recommendations kind of across the board. You know, some people are are saying as much as 1.5 gram per kilogram ideal body weight. It seems like a lot. Others 8 grams per kilogram ideal body weight. So through the lens of trying to maintain some degree of ketosis, how much protein do you think is best for an individual who's not necessarily uh trying to accomplish anything in terms of disease reversal, but just for maintaining good health? Yeah, everybody will have different protein requirements based upon, you know, their level of muscle mass or activity level and things like that. And I know Dr. Walter Longo kind of advocates for a lower uh protein approach. We've had that conversation before. Uh but I kind of point to the research by you know Donald Layman and Stu Phillips where you know one say let's do grams per pound upwards of you know one gram per pound of of protein I think especially as we age we have age related sarcopenia that we want to mitigate and uh loss of muscle mass. Yeah for our viewers. Uhhuh. Go ahead. Yep. This may sound very extreme, but even one to two grams per pound may be may be helpful, you know, for some people. Uh if you're in a caloric deficit, then the proportion of protein in your diet, the ratio would be higher, I think, because you want to mitigate some of the, you know, muscle loss that can accompany weight loss. So, obviously, you know, we don't talk about exercise enough. You know, if exercise was in a pill, it would be blockbuster. It would be more effective than anything we currently have available. Or sleep in a pill. Or sleep. Yeah, sleep is like super important too. Good sleep hygiene and you know, light and um yeah, just the balance of those things. So, but if you are your protein requirements will increase with resistance training with exercise to help you know rebuild and um so I'm of the opinion that if we do the the metric scale about you know 1.6 to even two grams per kilogram of ideal body weight yes of ideal body weight. Yeah. Important to say ideal body weight. Well to be fair that's kind of on the high earth side correct. Yep. in comparison to what others are saying. Plenty of people are on are right there with you. But then again, does that tend to um help steer us away from our ability to engage ketosis? Uh it can. Yeah. So this is like clinically for kids. Uh part of one of the side effects I guess most serious would be well there's kidney stones and then we figured out if you do potassium citrate you can like there's no higher risk of kidney stones. But then early studies show a bit of a stunting of growth like you know growth metrics were a little bit reduced and uh some of the early studies with clinical classical ketogenic diets were limited and if you have uh children need higher protein and we were in ketogenic diet studies for epilepsy the protein was restricted to increase ketones more and to control seizures. So we know now that a modified higher protein ketogenic diet can have the same anti-seizure effect especially if that diet is formulated with specific types of the early fats were like Crisco and hydrogenated oils. These were in like shakes that that you know kids would drink. But now we know a a lot more, you know, monounsaturated fats, but also mediumchain triglyceride or MCT oil can be incorporated into the diet and you can get levels of ketones that are even above a 4:1 classical ketogenic diet with a 1.5 to one, which essentially means, you know, getting about 20% of, you know, the calories from protein. And the early diets were like 8%. And that was too low and that that created side effects in growth. Do you think the growth issues might have been just from an overall uh reduction of protein or could there have been a more specific targeting that might have obiated it uh by adding in higher levels of branch chain amino acids? Yeah, I think I mean typically like these are formulated with like a casein or whey and they have high amounts of EAAS and branch chain amino acids with the lucine content being the primary driver for skeletal muscle protein synthesis. So that was probably sufficient but you still need you know an increase in the total amount of protein uh and you know with that level of protein restriction you're probably not getting to that leucine threshold for you know stimulating protein synthesis. So, I think I think essential amino acids can be really important for maybe women or other people that don't like to eat as much protein. And that if you're doing more of a plant-based approach, uh, you know, EAS or essential amino acids and branch chain amino acids could be added to a meal that's, for example, more more plant centric or plant-based approach. And I think that's usually the only time that I would advocate for that because like an egg, you know, even if you're a lacto vegetarian or something or just get a little bit of dairy, you can do okay. But if you're vegan or vegetarian, you know, I've worked with different registered dietitians to formulate those meal plans. That's where we go to essential amino acids or branch chain in that um inflammation seems to be such a central player in in the degenerative conditions and certainly let's let's just go neurodeenerative conditions. What is the mechanism whereby we are reducing inflammation by getting more of a ketogenic uh program going? Yeah, I think it's multiple mechanisms working in synergy, right? So, a ketogenic diet is by its nature a restrictive diet. So, it's probably restricting things like grain and maybe certain types of fiber and uh and and helping to change the microbiome in a way that probably enhances uh gut, you know, the tight junctions and reduces gut permeability. So there's that going on and whenever yeah initially though kind what you may see we see this in rodent models and and also in humans sometimes the stress of the initiation of a ketogenic diet could make certain biomarkers jump up like HSCR and then it comes back down it plateaus and be lower than baseline if you stick you know into a state of nutritional ketosis but you have many things going on at the level of the gut at the level of uh glucose coming down, insulin coming down, ketones going up, and everything I just sort of mentioned uh with a properly formulated ketogenic diet that does have fiber in it. And I think I'm I'm a proponent of, you know, a higher fiber ketogen like 20 to 30 grams of fiber I feel should be uh important. And we could talk about the different types of fiber, but also it's a great great point though that people who are eliminating carbs and and fiber is by definition a carb. Uh that's a risk. That's something that I think is really part of the induction education that hey, yeah, it's a carb, but you're desperately in need of of fiber. Yeah. And you know, some people do thrive on a carnivore diet. And I get quite a few people will email me and they're essentially eating no and I think fiber is not to my knowledge not essential but uh you know and most of the data people point to is epidemiological data but it's like it's really good data you know it's good epidem and there's you know a number of studies showing that prebiotic fiber can enhance uh butyrate and really help to restore gut health uh fermented foods. You know, in some cases, maybe probiotics are helpful, but uh but I think certain types of fiber, I think, are are important for most people. I I I can't let this go. I mean, this is really very interesting. U you know, the messaging has been, well, we need to eat a lot of fibrous vegetables on our plate, various colors for the polyphenols, on and on. And yet what you just said is is really quite interesting that people who are full-on carnivore uh at times tend to you know when you metricize them they're in pretty good shape. um you know obviously their microbiomes are are quite different but when we look at for example the Inuit uh who have very little plant fiber in their diets and yet you know are existing on ocean type uh protein and certainly fat and that's you know for many months of the year that's the main stay of their diet and yet seem to be pretty resistant at least to cardiovascular disease maybe that's the offset by the omega-3s who knows but you know this is an I think an area that needs further unpacking or at least exploration. Yeah. Uh it's not being studied rigorously right now. I think uh Dr. Belinda Leonard says might be looking like tracking uh a number of carnivore uh you know followers uh and she's published something out of Harvard to just kind more of an obser retrospective observational study looking at the different biomarkers and and I've you know at least maybe a half dozen people will you know have emailed me with longitudinally like sending me their blood work and I would I would basically say I think anybody send you my blood work what you're Yeah. Yeah. You know the LDL is elevated often in people but with other you know insulin HSCP hemoglobin A1C triglycerides uh you know even B12 status is up but that APOB does elevate uh you know HDL apo12 will go up and that's a good thing but you see this elevation of apo B uh or yeah LDL cholesterol and should we be concerned about that? I think that's an area of ongoing debate and research. Well, I think it's a question, you know, as well the personalized medicine approach. How much can that individual tolerate? I know for me, I cannot tolerate any any uh further elevation of LDL. So, you know, but so I guess that's where the personalized medicine comes into play and and certainly genomics as well would factor into that. Yeah. Yeah. There's a you know I I was at a a conference and I I said I I thought genomics was you know genetic testing was important for cardiovascular health and and that was quite quite debated with me on that but uh personally I did a GB health watch you know I don't advocate for any specific testing you know company or anything but it did uh and someone said I think you are a hyperresponder of cholesterol you know just based upon what I seen in your dietary patterns and this is someone that looks at thousands of patients. So I have a mutation for the MPC1L1 transporter. So that's the transporter in the gut. So and Zedia also generic name zetto a zettoide uh blocks that. And I could take a baby dose of that and it literally cut my apo like in half and trended to increase my HDL and a and my triglycerides went down a little bit too and I didn't change anything. So that was I I'm not in favor for my situation for taking a statin but uh a aettoide monotherapy 5 to 10 milligrams per day had a remarkable effect on me and I don't know if you know other people have told me that and I said well you should go get tested to maybe see if you but I but I think you know there's a lot of different drugs we have very good drugs for lipid lowering and I think they should be considered for people that have a history you know or maybe if they have apo u you know apo a is elevated like apo little a and really on the basis of their cardiac workup as well I mean what is their calcification score uh that's the big one what is their CT angio looking like and uh you know the these are very valuable but you know I would also think it's important to rein them in metabolically as it relates to insulin and glucose as Yeah, I I think you know we have to look at it more uh get the whole picture and I think you know having a calcium scan and a CT angiogram or something like that is really important especially if you know you have a family history of obviously you've had a heart attack or something like that. Yeah. Um but uh yeah, I I think I think we need to be cautious at this point in time, you know, when it comes to carnivore diets and that because I get a lot of questions. I I completely agree. I would add to the the you know, the data set that looking at epig epigenetic expression or tags very important. I just did a test called true diagnostic and it it's very helpful in terms of indicating where you are epigenetically in terms of risk moving forward and you know the good news is to some degree you can change uh your epigenetic expression based upon lifestyle intervention but I would you know clearly based upon pharmaceutical intervention as well. Um let me get back to the notion of ketogenic diet and its role in insulin uh sensitivity and its role in uh glucose metabolism. Can we just momentarily touch on glute one and glute four transporters and how that's influenced what what they do and how that's influenced uh in the presence of a ketogenic diet. Yeah. Uh let's start with glue glut one and uh we actually have the glucose transporter type 1 deficiency mouse mouse model and uh that is I don't know you you know but maybe your listeners don't know that the standard of care for a deficiency in glut one is the ketogenic diet. So that is like this literally the standard of care for that rare inborn error of metabolism. So the glut one is, you know, it's in the bloodb brain barrier and it helps to transport glucose, you know, uh uh into the brain and it's on a wide variety of different tissues, you know, uh even in cancer tissues, you know, we we're developing drugs to potentially target that. So glut one is not uh insulin sort of activated whereas the the glut transporter can be transllocated. Uh it probably has its most profound role on skeletal muscle and uh activity uh resistance training, cardiovascular stretching the muscle and an increase in you know insulin and different things can transllocate that receptor to the muscle and make it uh can enhance uh glucose disposal and that can be done sort of independent of insulin too that you there's like a insulin independent transllocation of the glut or that's sort of an activity dependent thing. So if you're like a type 1 diabetic and you eat a carbby meal and then go exercise, some can even like inject way less insulin or no insulin at all because that response is so powerful. You had also mentioned that um there's some uh signaling uh um activity associated with the production of ketone bodies, specifically beta hydroxybutyrate. I think it kind of gets to our brief discussion on epigenetics. What are some of the important signaling aspects of this ketone beta hydroxybutyrate that we increase as we're in more of a ketogenic diet? Yeah, that's really like the hub, the main focus of the lab and it started over 10 years ago. We looked at just looking at the brain, the neuroarmarmacology of the brain changes with the ketogenic diet and with exogenous ketones. So it increases the GABA to glutamate ratio by activating uh GAD 65 and 67 are proteins that are glutamic acid decarboxilize will convert glutamate to GABA. So there's you know the brain neuropharmacology we published a paper in 2015 and I helped formulate the diet in nature medicine that showed the beta hydroxybutyrate uh can function as an NLRP3 inflammosome uh suppression actually and then if we look more into it the uh the activation of the complex this inflammosome and the and the assembly and the activation both processes are regulated in part by beta hydroxybutyrate and that can uh reduce and suppress that and downstream that would reduce IL1 beta. So we looked at I and it's also it's independent of the anantimer. Your body makes primarily D beta hydroxybutyrate but also makes L beta hydroxybutyrate as a mirror image in an antiimer. And what's interesting about L and now there's, you know, a bunch of people patented it. I think the Buck Institute and other there's a number of different patents on the L, but that simply sold as recemic. You have a 50/50 mixture. The L seems to retain that signaling property and if you consume a recemic mixture, the D gets burned up quickly as energy and then that L stays elevated in the blood about four times longer and then has retains that signaling effect. So it there's a GPR 109A receptor, the NLRP3 inflammosome and different certuitins that two are sort of activated and that's epigenetic. And then my student just graduated about a month ago with her PhD uh dissertation. Her focus was metabolic control of epigenetic regulation. So there's something called beta hydroxybuterilation where beta hydroxybutyrate can interact directly with the histones uh to activate different genes and we started looking at this in the context of something called kabuki syndrome. We had the kabuki syndrome mouse model. Uh but you know I'm convinced that these metabolites especially ones that are robustly elevated with a ketogenic diet have epigenetic effects. And it and it's probably not just beta hydroxybutyrate. We know that there's something called uh lactylation too. So lactate can also lactate is very interesting and was my original interest before ketones actually. So that these metabolites that are changed profoundly by our diet, by fasting, by ketone supplementation have very uh remarkable uh epigenetic effects in a positive. Respectfully, let let me just step some of this down for our viewers. And one of the byproducts of getting into a uh into ketosis from a ketogenic diet is a production of something called beta hydroxybutyrate which can be used as a fuel. But the question was it also acts as a signaling molecule. Why is that important? What does it do? And what you described, one thing that you described that I think is really very important is that it it it binds to certain cells of in the immune system uh receptors on certain cells that activates something called the NLRP3 inflammosome. Why is that important? because that then causes uh genetic changes within the cell. these immune cells in the brain, for example, the microgle cell that subsequently then will when it's activated will increase the production of damaging inflammatory chemicals called cytoines, but also influence the mitochondrial function uh within that cell, the energy metabolism part of what goes on within that cell and can help propel that otherwise helpful immune cell, the microgle cell to becoming a harmful phenotype M1. one phenotype such that its metabolism is affected and its production of inflammatory cytoines is affected. And the worry there is that those inflammatory cytoines can then feed back and through the same pathway influence neighboring microgle cells and convert them from being friend to foe to becoming the evil twin as it were. So basically what we're saying then is that aside from the fuel aspect of ketone providing great fuel to produce energy that they are producing at least beta hydroxybutyrate most gets most of the attention is acting as a signal molecule in terms of gene expression through modifying epigenetics uh through what are called histone histone deacitilase activity but also through influencing um through this inflammation path. pathway we just described NLRP3 inflammosome uh reduction of activation influence the level of inflammation in the brain and that that's key you know when we recognize the role of inflammation in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's multiple sclerosis autism that this is really what we're looking for this is you know pretty much the home run let me shift our conversation uh for a moment uh it to something that you and I have been exploring and that is the use of alulose and uh it's it's new player uh for us. We've only been looking at it for a few years. So tell there's a lot of excitement about alulose. Tell us what this is and what you have found in your research on alulose. Yeah, alulose is is really fascinating. So it's a um a rare sugar. It's found in nature things like fig and uh uh it's even in wheat I think you know in various fruits. So it's a rare sugar that is uh an epimer of fructose. So very similar molecular structure like on paper. Uh it also uses the glut 5 uh transporter to get into cells. And um it's very low calorie. I think it's like 0.2 to maybe 0.4 uh calories per gram. So very low essentially like no cal. Uh it's absorbed in the gut. It's excreted primarily I think in the urine. Uh it is essentially non-glycemic non-insulinogenic you know compared to other uh has very minimal insulin response very minimal if if at all glycemic response actually a lowering effect some some studies coming out in animal models and maybe there's I think there's about uh there's at least a half dozen RC randomized control trials for alulose and we are uh full disclosure I guess I have multiple uh medical students were working on a systematic review of uh natural uh sugar alternatives with urethril, alulose, monk fruit, stevia. Uh alulose seems to shine for many different reasons. It seems to have functional effects, you know, perhaps anti-inflammatory effects on the gut. It's generally recognized as safe by the FDA. Uh again, it is found in nature. Uh, if you take large amounts of it, which I did the very first time I tried alulose in 2014, I dumped a bunch into my coffee, it's about 70% as sweet as sugar. Uh, and if you put 30 grams in your coffee, you know, on an empty stomach, you'll likely have some uh, intestinal bloating and things depending. Uh, so I think it's good to start out with like maybe five grams. I can now tolerate 30 to 40 grams per day if the alulose is taken with food. But it also has some GLP1 releasing effects which is very interesting and I think unlike other sweeteners out there. So it can when I consume alulose I wear a continuous glucose monitor my glucose goes down even if it's the alulose is in a chocolate bar like an RX sugar bar. Uh and I've measured insulin it has essentially no insulin response. And I have not measured my own GLP1 but there's research out there. Nature Communications showed that me, someone my size taking an equivalent of 30 grams of alulose, they had like a a 3 to 500% increase in GLP-1 secretion in a rodent model. And that has not been fully replicated, I think, in human studies, but there's there's research around that. Very exciting. I mean, you know, there's every month that goes by, there's another popular sweetener, it seems. And I think lately we've seen some concern at least from a cardiovascular risk perspective with respect to arythritol a a sugar alcohol. Um I think that you know by and large the the more we can do to help people not uh cater to their sweet tooth. I think it's a good thing. Uh but I I too as you know I'm I'm am using alulose. We've talked about this quite extensively and I'm very happy uh to to say that and I I I'm taking in about 10 grams a day in the morning and I think I it's clear that it's having an effect on my continuous glucose monitor. There's no question about it. Especially what I've noted is that you know there's generally I find when I run that I get a little bump in my blood sugar as I'm starting my run well within the first 10 minutes or so. And I find that that bump seems to be a little bit blunted uh in when I consume alulose ahead of time. Any thoughts? I have the same same response. I've even like posted about this on social media. Uh uh you know, if you engage in really intense exercise and I think there's a threshold for heart rate stimulating, you know, your sympathetic nervous system activation and uh and and same can be said for exogenous ketones too. It seems to for reasons I don't fully understand I think it's decreasing hpatic glucanogenesis and maybe decreasing hpatic glycogenolyis in a way uh and probably perhaps enhancing uh glucose disposal in peripheral tissues which is kind of maybe more exciting. So, nonetheless, this has been reported by I mean, you just reported it. I've reported it and I think it's it's also in the literature that when uh yeah, I I think the most I forgot to mention probably the most profound thing in the literature is that when you consume alulose with carbohydrates with glucose, it significantly attenuates the glucose induced you know elevation when it's coupled with alulose and alulose may be delaying gastric absorption. It may be, but even the area under under the curve is reduced and that's remarkable. I don't know of any other, you know, sweetener that has that functional property. Well, again, it's a great argument in favor of using a CGM. Yeah. Yeah. You wouldn't know it. You never know it without that. So, yeah, I think for the diabetic population, type two diabetes, type 1 diabetes, uh I know I mean, you know, alulose could be uh especially if you have a sweet tooth could be like a really important component. You can you can bake with it, you can cook with it, you can incorporate it into various things. Um, and it can make, you know, I'm working with the Mauet Cancer Center because ketogenic diets can augment the adaptive immune system to perhaps make checkpoint inhibitors work better, these P1. So, we're working like the big kind of push back is the unpalatability of and the lack of not having sweet foods. But, you know, with things like alulose, their dieticians and their metabolic uh kitchen that they just built, they can formulate foods and a whole array of different food products that could incorporate alulose and be, you know, palatable to that person who's uninitiated to low carb or ketogenic. And that's, you know, you know, really important. Need we say more of Walter Longo. I mean he's made it very clear as an adjunct to standard care uh chemotherapy, radiation therapy, surgery uh that uh you know challenging the body with a ketogenic diet goes a long way uh to enhancing outcome and uh great work. Let me ask you as we close, what is the efficacy, the role, the val the utility of MCT oil uh in in hopes of pushing people to a better metabolic state? You know, I love MCT oil and uh I think it's like the poor man's ketoneester, right? You know, some of the ketone esters on the market, they're kind of derived from a 13 butane dial, which has some questionable things. I'm more inclined to use ketone electrolyte salts, but one thing that we observe that that when you take any exogenous ketone and couple it with MCT oil, uh it's the therapeutic effect of that is greatly augmented. And MCT oil alone by itself can elevate ketone levels in the blood independent of diet. Meaning that you could be eating a standard diet. Consume MCT oil and you have about 20% uh you know I think more if you're you know fat adapted and you're you know you're making lots of ketones. Uh a a significant percentage of that oil is converted to beta hydroxybutyrate and gets into circulation. Also, MCT oil can cross the bloodb brain barrier. So, they can actually unlike longchain fatty acids, when you consume MCT, those fatty acids can directly get across the bloodb brain barrier and into cells and neurons. In addition, they make you know they help to they help your body to stimulate fat oxidation in the liver because they go directly to the liver via hpatic portal circulation and it's almost like the liver is getting a big hit of fat which is could be uncomfortable for some people. So, I think it's important to titrate it in slowly over time, but I think they are inexpensive. They're remarkably therapeutic, and I think they are a cornerstone fat for a ketogenic diet. Dominic Dagustinino, we've covered the waterfront today. Thanks for spending time and and sharing your wisdom. It's always great to see you. Great seeing you, David. Yeah, thank you for having me on and appreciate it. You bet. We'll talk soon. Bye for now. Thank you. Well, I'm sure you all learned a lot today. I know I did. Dr. Dagino is a wealth of information. Again, the value of cutting back on simple carbohydrates, getting ourselves into a state of ketosis from time to time. Uh we talked about fasting, intermittent fasting, all the potential inroads to better health, regaining insulin sensitivity, and really overall improving our metabolism, which is a central goal for us as it relates to our brains and even overall health. Thank you for joining us. I'm Dr. David Prmutter. We'll be back soon on the Empowering Neurologist. Bye for now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlanWil2 [6 likes]: I cut out sugar and carbs from my diet.  Right away I started losing body fat.  My hunger cravings went away.  I didn't need to eat every 2 hours.  It was so weird.  The biggest thing health wise was my blood pressure downed to the normal range.  I want to live a high-quality life in old age.  Thanks for your help!!! 💯👍
  2. @johnsciandra-e9i [3 likes]: Dr. Perlmutter, no one is talking about fiber and how to get fiber without getting knocked out of ketosis. I would love if you led the way and explored this more.
  3. @silviahayakawa6655 [3 likes]: Olive and coconut products lower my glucose response when exercising as well (similar to your response will allulose.)
  4. @MarkThomasMedia [2 likes]: Protein requirement 1g per kg for 80 kg man.  Beef, with 20% protein , gives 80 X 5 = 400g steak per day.  Surely this isn't right.  And if you go to 2g/kg that's 800g/day!! Isn't that g/kg of meat and not its protein content?
  5. @gregboyce360 [1 likes]: Time restricted eating and carbs under 30gm per day is my preferred route into ketosis, but I don't stay in that state for long before the next meal - reasons unknown. Thanks to this interview, I'll be adding MCT and see what happens.
  6. @fabianmaidana4480 [1 likes]: De repente hablo la dr boz
  7. @fabianaubry3555 [1 likes]: exciting discussion! thanks you so much
  8. @250txc [1 likes]: 27:35 -- MCT oil \ fats come from coconuts.
  9. @PastureRaised-p8x: This was so good!!!!!
  10. @Lion-qi8ej: Love you guys, but you need to dump it down a little bit way too many letters and abstract concepts in here
  11. @giorgioborelli4497: Thank you guys. Your work it's amazing and give hughe amount of good info and strategy to have a good health.
  12. @pinkpeonia5527: How might the proposition that someone promoting human health works in the cause of "warfighting" be justified?  Isn't this a contradiction? 
Might it also be said that wars inflicted by the USA across the world and through history do not promote human health or wellbeing in the world? 
How is the repeated infliction of mass-violence, destruction and plunder by the US to be reconciled by a person who professes to pursue helping and supporting and caring about people, society or the world as a whole?
  13. @virginiaolson1368: I Have CMML. GKI 1.6 TO 2,8. Especially 40 hrs water fasting.  Otherwise 0.8 to 1 Mm. 80 yrs old. Cancer has not grown in the last year half. Carnivore x 512 days still very low carbs. Tried RX Bar can only eat half at a time. Use your ketones powder.  And C
MCT OIL.
  14. @pursuingtruth13: W
  15. @SonoraTropicals-m5k: It's not the carbs it's the chems in the carbs. Monsanto and DuPont and factory farms are killing us.
  16. @BethBeeBee: ? Is Allulose a prebiotic?
  17. @THANU_MOM: wild how people are still relying on pills when the book hidden herbs by anette ray has been out for so long
  18. @DilipKumar-oh1qq: ﻿the fact no one is talking about the hidden herbs by anette ray is actually insane
  19. @betsyhertzog1454: Can you talk about what causes our low GLP1 that we naturally have & how to naturally increase our own. Is glp1 in our gut ? I had a niece who had/has gastroparisis & it's a serious condition, so I've seen you gradually start glp1 on low dose & increase slowly.  I don't have gallbladder, have hashimotos & am sensitive to meds - so how do I naturally increase my own glp1? And why don't the glp1 meds increase, raise your own glp1 levels to normal ?
  20. @allencrider: Give yourself heart disease and insulin resistance from eating keto.

- Dr. Jeff Volek, PhD, RD | Ketogenic Diet and Human Performance | The Metabolic Link Ep.20: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the metabolic link a podcast that explores the common thread of metabolism in health and disease this is where science meets Society welcome everybody to the metabolic link podcast today we are extremely honored and lucky uh to have Dr Jeff volich from Ohio State University uh Jeff is a Pioneer in low carb diets and ketogenic diets and for the last two decades Dr volik has been performing Cutting Edge research on humans how they adapt to carbohydrate-restricted diets with a dual focus on clinical and performance applications of nutritional ketosis his scholarly work includes more than 300 peer-reviewed scientific manuscripts five books including a New York Times bestseller and he's provided more than 200 lectures at scientific Industries and conferences around the world this is an older bio so it's probably even more than that now Dr volik is also a co-founder and former Chief scientific officer for virta health uh Jeff welcome to the podcast thank you so much for being here today yeah hey Dom it's great to see you and glad to be here yeah so uh I I recent in preparation for this and I had listened to it immediately when it came out because Dr Ken Ford sent it to me to send around but you recently did a podcast with I The Institute for human and machine cognition podcast called stem talk and that's episode number 149 and you covered a vast array of the different research projects that you have going on uh so we'd like to direct people to that podcast because it was a tremendous uh resource so this episode is going to touch on some of those topics but we're also going to hit a bunch of topics maybe outside that and uh and also we had a bunch of people who follow you send in questions uh for you to answer some of them you know loaded questions that I think uh will have a really good engaging conversation on and some of the things that are more controversial in the field the question's wrong but before we delve into the questions I had a question for you I mean regarding for me mentors were like a huge part of my scientific career and I was curious as to like who were your mentors early on that guided you down this path and in your career you know you've inspired so many people you know me included and a whole list of people not only in our lab your books are like mandatory reading material in our lab but I just wondered you know who were the early influences on you and how did they guide you down a career path in nutrition that's really Against the Grain when it comes to like nutritional guidelines and you were also trained and people might know this as a registered dietitian too so how did you get guided down this path yeah I mean that's really a great question um I don't think anyone's ever asked me that great you're right I mean mentors are just really critical uh in anyone's life um to kind of guide you and inspire you um uh and it was challenging and low carb because there weren't that many people studying it back in the 90s and early 2000s which when I was really starting in this space and uh developing myself as a scientist but I had I I'll just point out two important people that I think stand far and above others um one was my major advisor in graduate school for both my Master's and PhD uh Bill Cramer he wasn't a nutritionist um dietitian I mean he was he's world famous uh you know for studying resistance training so my phds in exercise physiology in the lab was uh very uh active in studying all sorts of different physiological responses to resistance to say so I had a lot of creatine too right Jeff didn't you study yeah yeah that's where I cut my teeth in science yeah it was yeah and that was just timing I started in 1992. uh as a master's student and that's the same time that publication came out showing that creates and loading increased uh muscle creatine levels that was actually 90 yeah I think it was 91 or 92 and that just started everything after that study everybody then was doing studies to see how it affected performance and we were we were the first lab to really study resistance exercise so I got really sort of uh you know excited about being uh able to do that and published a few papers and suddenly became kind of an expert overnight yeah it gave me a lot of confidence as a you know young budding scientist uh to be able to do that um but you know Bill Kramer's lab we were very active in resistance exercise and I was kind of the only person really with an RD in the lab and brought the nutrition expertise and what I really value uh from him was that he gave me a Long Leash and allowed me to pursue things like creatine super important yep yep and eventually low carb so creatine was my Master's thesis and then you know I did a ketogenic intervention study for my PhD dissertation ml studies you know in between but um yeah that was just him allowing me to be me and pursue these things and uh so just a lot of you know mentorship in terms of being a scientist but not so much particularly in a low carb space I was kind of on my own there because he wasn't in that Circle you know his colleagues were in the resistance training exercise I wondered about that yeah but uh nevertheless you know it's usually important in my my career and the other person that really filled the space of the ketogenic expertise was Steve Penny and uh you know we we met I think um I guess the first time was probably in the early 2000s um and then we kind of you know hit it off and had a lot of chemistry and we're collaborating and writing books and writing manuscripts together uh but he just brought an encyclopedia of knowledge you know around nutritional biochemistry and ketogenic diets that um it was unparalleled even today so uh you know a huge uh role in my career development and you know so those two people clearly stand out as far as people that I admire and a huge role in my development I I love how you guys too in your talk and and Steve's talk uh you have an appreciation for the history of research in metabolism and exercise science and uh yeah it's so important to to be a mentor to give your mentees uh a certain level of Freedom so they can go down their path you know and carve their own path and then I learned so much from my students my PhD students you know they've taught me a lot of different things I remember giving talks like don't even approach this if you're can if your type if you have type 1 diabetes you know and then Andrew kutnik entered the lab he studied cancer cachexia but he was type 1 diabetic and I watched him you know transition to low carb ketogenic and go from some dangerous lows that he had uh to just like you know his CGM traces were completely flat and just like being a monster in the lab and in regard to productivity energy levels performance things like that so yeah my own students kind of changed my mind on many different things and the creatine it was really interesting I had heard a while back I think it was 1992 I was playing football in high school at the time when there was a a magazine muscle media 2000 or something and they advertised it created it was like right around 1992. the first issues came out you might remember those oh yeah I remember buying the twin lab Twin Labs creatine was real expensive at the time but I was using it you know during my uh senior year yeah they they were they they provided a little support for our creative work oh twinlab did yeah yeah so yeah I was using I was using it in 1992 and that publication came out and I think Bill Phillips like sent me something in the mail is like you're a special person that we saw as a as you know in some I don't know how I got on the radar but I was like one of the first people to use like a test batch of it or something I mean it was not even on the radar maybe in you know know Bulgaria or Russia yeah the elite athletes using it but nothing in the scientific literature created and then just exploded in the early 90s and you know just to some extent it's still going today I mean it's probably more research on Creatine than just about any other dietary supplements I mean yeah it's just really incredible um so yeah I rode that way for a decade or so yeah well I have creatine monohydrate and Ketone salts in here with a similar it's salts that have the same electrolyte profile as element the element salt but there's beta hydroxybutyrate and creates and so it's like my morning drink I kind of weaned off some of the caffeine and do like half of my caffeine but I do uh Ketone salts an electrolyte blend with creatine it's like my morning staple so yeah I see a lot of analogies with the kind of surge in research on exogenous ketones now yeah yeah you know the way creatine was back in the 90s yeah a lot of people interested in studying exogenous kittens now so you can see a lot of study spells over the next decade and I know you're doing that too I mean there's a high level of innovation in the science you are doing the nutritional science in your lab probably in regards to nutrition some of the highest level of innovation there's also a high level of innovation in the acronyms that you guys use for uh so you have the faster study the tank study stack I think and more recently the kind study which is ketogenic intervention and depression so I love the clever acronyms that you guys yeah I love that so uh maybe you could tell our listeners a little bit about um the kind study which is ketogenic intervention and depression and specifically you're working with college students at Ohio State University and uh I had the opportunity to be on a metabolic Psychiatry sort of uh monthly call where you shared some of the preliminary data uh which looked really exciting especially the phq-9 data if I remember correctly so maybe uh tell our listeners sort of what you're doing on the metabolic Psychiatry front and some of the if you can some of the preliminary data on that yeah I can I can share a little bit of our interest in this space so uh you know I'm not by any means an expert in in Psychiatry so this is really a new area for us but uh you know that's what we do at Ohio State is we put multi-disciplinary teams together and uh my lab's really the expert in kind of the ketogenic interventions whether that leuketogenic diet or exogenous teachings so um you know this this new area of metabolic Psychiatry is just really exploded and that's largely due to uh you know Jan Ellis and Mizuki yeah absolutely and they're um financial support and just their um you know the energy they brought to this in terms of uh really um investing in research and uh and trying to find answers to you know questions related to improving therapies for for people with various mental illnesses so I was fortunate to cross paths with her and our lab at Ohio State was one of the uh one of the labs that received some pilot funding to do research on a ketogenic intervention and as you mentioned we're focused on depression some of the other work that they're supporting is uh focused on bipolar and some other conditions um but I work at Ohio State yeah so we so we received some funding from the bazookies um thank you Jan and Gene there um because you can't do anything without money absolutely especially this field who's going to fund it I mean you know bipolarly yeah um and you know you'd for people that aren't in science and kind of just to give you a sense I mean these studies to do them at a high level uh are not cheap especially when you're dealing with human dietary intervention studies and advanced measurements um it uh it's very expensive it's very slow it's a very regulatory burden process and so it's uh it's frustrating on many levels but also exciting because you get the opportunity to potentially move the literature forward and you know have some very translatable solutions for folks that'll improve quality of life so that's what kind of keeps me wanting to wake up every morning but anyway so yeah we um we we were able to to get the funding and go through all the the regulatory process and we actually started enrolling patients uh earlier this year uh so we're right in the middle of a study and I I can't really share a lot of details um because we're we haven't really presented formally or published the results yet we've got a ways to go yet but I will just share that um the objective of the study is to really determine if a ketogenic intervention can have a positive effect on scores or self-reported scores of depression uh and this is primarily in students at Ohio State University who have uh major depression at Baseline so um we've we've enrolled about half a dozen subjects so far and the early data which involves you know surveys of depression we're doing a lot more advanced testing too that'll come out later such as MRIs and structural functional MRI blood work and so forth but as far as our primary outcome which was just depression scores all of our participants had major reductions in depression that happened quite early on and were sustained out to 12 weeks so even with a half a dozen subjects we have a very strong signal which you know we're we kind of pitched this as a pilot study principle sort of thing to then help inform a larger study that you know probably be a randomized controlled clinical trial maybe a comparison trial to a Mediterranean diet or some other treatment um and so we're very excited by the early results so far uh we get very good compliance with the ketogenic diet and just a lot of perceived benefit from the participants we've enrolled um as I said most notably their depression has improved um by a couple not just you know these surveys we also do extensive investigator uh initiatives by a psychologist and um and so we're quite encouraged by these early results yeah thank you Jeff for sharing that can you describe uh just briefly uh what type of ketogenic diet you're using I mean I'm coming from the world of epilepsy research actually before I got really into your research uh I mean in 2008 you know I was really in the world of epilepsy ketogenic diets for epilepsy and then I stumbled and I was like wow it's being used for athletic performance too the the Art and Science of low carb performance and I bought a ton of these books and gave it to everybody in the lab uh so the the clinical ketogenic diet as it's known sort of an epilepsy is like you know the four to one to three to one the modified Atkins uh could you describe sort of the dietary intervention for this and then uh the other piece is how do you ensure uh compliance so the there's a there's a barrier to entry for following ketogenic for some people and I know the well-formulated ketogenic diet with an educated team really makes the difference between whether this gets followed and implemented correctly or not and a lot of dietary studies are done incorrectly and can lead to negative or you know results sub-optimal results so maybe describe what you do differently I mean I guess we've we've used the term well formulated ketogenic diet in the past um probably need to come up with a better term but there are several principles and uh characteristics of a ketogenic diet that we think are really important and critical to make the eating patterns safe and effective and most importantly sustainable for folks because it doesn't do much good if it's so strict that you know no one can follow it so um you know that that's our approach and pretty much all our ketogenic interventions um having said that the way we implement it kind of varies depending on the research questions we do everything from highly controlled feeding studies where we provide all the food and weigh everything out to the gram all the way to you know completely free living where we just provide education and support and there's hybrid approaches too this is more of a hybrid approach um but our kind of two overarching goals with the ketogenic intervention is because we want these to be translatable we want these to you know these interventions you know we want we're testing both feasibility in in many ways you know can people stay on these diets and also efficacy um so um you know the the two things that are really important for us is number one people have to enjoy the diets I mean it has to be certain amount of pleasure associated with it so we're trying our best to make the diets um you know enjoyable for folks so we're catering to their food preferences and so forth now obviously there's caveats I mean we want them to be pleasurable but they have to follow the principles and and one of the big principles is they have to be in ketosis yeah otherwise it's not again it finds a diet yeah so um you know that's primarily a you know uh related to their carbohydrate protein intake so we're customizing that to the individual because people vary um but other than that you know we let people kind of choose their own food sources and so forth and then we'll provide education on a personalized level and adjustments if needed if they're not anti-tosis so that kind of answers your second question in terms of you know we do monitor these diets um and the easy way to monitor compliance is by measuring ketones and folks so we're measuring uh you know whole blood ketones with glucometers is our primary and now we're starting to use uh continuous Ketone monitoring as well yeah you're the first to be able to use and not stick to have it there they've uh you know developed that technology that's really kind of a built off their CGM technology with just changing the Enzo you know the enzyme chemistry to monitor beta hydroxybutyrate now it's a pretty exciting technology and we've been able to access Those sensors to their investigator initiated study program now that opens up you know much more robust way higher Fidelity measures of ketones because you can get measures every every few minutes over the entire day while they're sleeping yeah and that just provides uh you know exponentially more data to monitor individual variations in compliance to the intervention but that's really important to know if people are in ketosis is that if you don't measure it you don't know yeah yeah do you see uh variability and with continuous Ketone monitoring uh similar to continuous glucose monitoring in regards to the temporal correlation with just eating or fasting and things like that so a little bit of work we've done um uh we haven't done you know any formal uh studies on this but just some case studies including myself uh doing a lot of finger sticks and comparing it to the Q10 sensored there's a pretty striking correlation that's great to hear it's pretty tight and that's correlating it to the Abbott's Precision extra glucometer yeah very high are r squared values so I'm impressed with the hardware um I think they've got the algorithms down and um you're getting very reliable accurate measures even though you're measurements in two different components one is whole blood and one's interstitious fluid yeah um you're getting a pretty good you know temporal correlation they set some work to do on the software app side of things but uh yeah uh yeah the hardware is pretty pretty tight I think uh do you have any experience with lactate monitoring with a uh fingerprick device or with I think you know they're uh the Abbott uh Libre or the uh their lingo device I think was claiming to do beta hydroxybutyrate glucose and lactate and wonder if you have any experience a couple people using it that I know you know are using it they said they're pretty impressed with it and I've wondered if that's part of the picture yeah we haven't we haven't had um any experience with the lactate or ethanol I know they claim to have that ability to to detect those I think that wasn't their priority as far as launching this um publicly you know in a non-medical space that they were they were focused on the CGM and ckm but um yeah I wouldn't be surprised if that you know in the future yeah well I think I speak for everybody in the metabolic Psychiatry Community when I say you're truly a gift bring your expertise knowledge the ability to do these clinical trials uh and actually test the ketogenic diet uh it's people don't understand like how hard it is to do nutritional ketogenic diet research and setting up and setting up a control diet eventually which is going to be done and doing rcts on this is just I mean I come from the kind of the world of epilepsy research but I'm a late person coming into that uh Dr John Freeman and Eric kossoff and others have you know spearheaded a lot of that but this is very difficult research to do and I think we can say that you know you're a gift to the metabolic Psychiatry community and thank you so much for doing this research and sharing your preliminary results with that I appreciate that um yeah nutrition intervention studies are hard and a lot of people do them sloppy and we do our best we're not perfect um yeah but I have to say we do emphasize that Translate relation of Peace which which means we don't get the high ketones levels like it's very hard for someone to be in the two to three to four millimolar range on a ketogenic diet consistent yeah you can do it but it really requires a rigid diet for most people to do that especially metabolical compromise in any way or going through treatments that are causing metabolic disruptions it's even harder to get into ketosis so um but this is to me what's really exciting about the exogenous ketones and no one studied this yet we're not even studying it yet but I do think the probably where the The Sweet Spot is for many therapeutic interventions is you do a baseline ketogenic diet that you know is carb restriction and well formulated and that'll you know you can do that it's very pleasurable and you can get your ketones above 0.5 maybe even one and then you know we don't know if higher ketones are more therapeutic but that's a big question right in the literature and it's probably different for every condition uh no simple answers there but it's probably likely that higher ketones are going to be more beneficial for many conditions I'm just guessing I totally agree I mean from the animal research side you know we have standard we did our all our research standard diet and then we just gavage Ketone Esters or we integrate it into the diet specifically to answer that question is it the ketones or is it the carbohydrate restriction and from you know a brain energy standpoint from an anti-seizure effect from an anti-anxiety effect and from even an anticachexia effect you know we see results across the board just on ketones but you know not all animal research function to that too yeah excellent cardiac function in humans um but that's where you know if you add the Ketone Esters or Ketone salts or you know on top of the ketogenic diet you can get Ketone levels that yeah maybe in that higher higher uh range of nutritional ketosis and and still make the diet very enjoyable and practical for most people yeah so um a lot of ways to make this work for folks that um you know you don't lose that effect which is kind of you know I don't know get off on a side track but this is what concerns me about like some of the weight loss you know these glp-1 agonists now those epics um yeah they're wildly effective ly lost but I had a question about this so yeah go ahead enjoyment of food yeah so you know I don't know how sustainable that is um for folks and it could be a lot of collateral is that you know side effects that they're associated with that so you know in the spirit of informed consent you know I would choose ketogenic diet every day of the week because you can lose weight and have a lot of metabolic Improvement and you can still enjoy food tremendously um anyway or even just a low carb diet perhaps you know one of my questions was about exogenous ketones we you know more than a decade ago we studied the free acid Beta hydroxybutyrate And I think maybe some companies selling that uh Ketone salts you have the sodium and then we did some research more more than 10 years ago hey let's add potassium calcium magnesium so developing sort of an electrolyte array of Ketone salts and then you have monoesters die Esters triesters of glycerol or Esters of one three butane diol esterfied to Beta hydroxybutyrate or acetoacetate so we've worked with them all and we work with MCT oil which is kind of like we'll convert to ketones and just straight up one three butane dial so we've studied you know a dozen or more different compounds and they all have different you know effects but I just think that area is very fruitful area I try not to talk about it too much because it sounds like a conflict of interest you know because we have various you know projects on that but I can tell you just from a basic science uh standpoint and we're doing research at Duke right now you know with seizures specifically I think I think it's an area of science to really keep your attention to in the years to come and clinicaltrials.gov has tons of research and I know you're kind of doing research on that front too and I'm just like a kid in a candy store I want to talk about it but there's a lot of stuff you know that I can't talk about now but so much done path there and it's yeah this is this is going to be an area that's studied for the next 1500 years yeah at the end of the day if you want to do a study you've got to pick a certain Ketone yeah yeah exogenous Ketone and that's just the nature of you know the decision making you do in a research study but who's to know you picked the right one yeah and there's so many different formulations and yeah you're you're you know you're at the tip of the spear there as far as yeah and it varies depending on what the application like sometimes higher is not better just like high glucose is not better you create energy toxicity if you're giving your body then your body has to get rid of the excess ketones but in the context of a healthy subject and exercise performance maybe higher is better in the context of oxygen toxicity seizures higher tends to be better if I'm sitting at my desk I would rather have a ketone salt with an electrolyte blend you know similar to element or whatever but bound to Beta hydroxybutyrate and then but I notice if my ketones get higher I tend to get a little bit you know irritable or anxious and it tends to be speed just like if your glucose is high you know anecdotally but these things need to be studied especially in the context of metabolic Psychiatry because I don't think we want to bolus a high dose of ketones and cause you know an energetic Surplus and that could be you know detrimental in the context of bipolar for example so I think we really need to approach this when a dose dependent way we've done so much dose dependent studies in animal models but I think this needs to be approached very cautiously in the context of metabolic Psychiatry but I think there's huge benefits to further augmenting and enhancing the therapeutic and perhaps performance enhancing effects of the ketogenic diet just by simply being able to titrate your ketones to whatever level um so I think so much information I think even at a more basic level you know we need to recalibrate people's minds about Ketone concentrations you know I think using terms like hypokitineemia and you keep anemia yeah yeah like I think the pretty much everybody's walking around this planet and yeah you get into nutritional ketosis that's actually a more natural state that thrives under so that's you people and then as you indicated you can have two higher key terms but that's you know probably quite a bit higher than what what um you know most people would think is dangerous where they think if you have any elevation in ketones you're you know it's it's it could be toxic yeah so that's just basic kind of nomenclature and yeah a little side comment like sometimes I usually stay in a mild state of ketosis but if I take a large dose of the Ketone Ester my ketones get Sky High up to five millimolar but when your Ketone levels acutely get above if the Delta is two millimolars or more in a short time frame that actually stimulates insulin so you have a high elevation of ketones and then the Ketone induced increase in insulin facilitates glucose disposal so you see your blood glucose go down and then two or three hours later the ketones clear from your system but you become hypoketotic and hypoglycemic and then that can give me a headache so this was some of the early you know when I'm chugging this stuff in the lab more than 10 years ago some early observations that try to get my ketones you know five or six so I take a much more nuanced approach and I think you know just boosting it one millimolar creates a noticeable difference and I think I I think that's important to appreciate too especially in the context of you know Psychiatry and things like that it's important not to cause it metabolic dysregulation yeah I think you know just the protocols for how you how you dose this stuff and formulations that might be more sustained release I mean all that needs to be unpacked and studied in different ways because it could have very different biological physiological effects absolutely even even at the same total dose depending on how it's spread out and formulated yeah that's what I say Don we're going to be retired before a lot of these answers no yeah it uh it's just very much in our infancy and yeah in this but I will say you know it's not going to go backwards now that that I'm pretty sure of like there's too much positive research out there and there's just too much you know hypothetical benefit to uh to all this for it to uh you know to be shoved under the rug like it has in the back so uh you know good times ahead well I have I have a lot of questions from your fans here about uh different people that asked me to to ask you some some pretty cool questions here uh but before I do that I want to sort of ask are there any emerging applications of ketogenic diets that you're excited about uh I know you've done so much work on the type 2 diabetes front uh on the cancer front two uh we did have a question a couple questions about traumatic brain injury and another question about Parkinson's disease so uh have you are you working in those two areas and and what what specific areas do you think are most are very fruitful for ketogenic interventions yeah well I think pretty much everything is pretty cool yeah exciting about this space and it makes you sound a little bit kind of wacky I I I know I hear you there's just so much benefit to uh improving your you know your overall metabolism and fuel flow all the way to the genetic level so uh it's not surprising when you think about most chronic diseases being nutrition related that you actually can affect just about everything um but you know in terms of what we're studying in the lab um it's hard to pick one because we have a lot of different studies going on but I think one of the big questions that uh is out there you know is in the area of cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk and a lot of this goes back to the changes in cholesterol that happen with the ketogenic diet so of course you know the the boogeyman LDL cholesterols and uh you know the I don't want to sound you know to conspiracy theory but I mean the uh you know the brainwashing that's gone on with LDL cholesterol just being you know the cause of heart disease and the ultra focus on lowering ldls you know Target to reduce heart disease well let's let's just say that's probably been overstated totally I mean there's like a manic focus on lowering LDL let's be honest that's what most Physicians worry about so yeah and we've done I think it's fair to say more work on cholesterol responses to ketogenic diets than anybody I mean that was my first study back in the late 90s was was focused on not and we pretty much measure that in all our studies and so yeah there's this on average LDL cholesterol will go up compared to a low-fat diet in most people and there is a subset of people where it goes up pretty dramatically um and then so that bothers a lot of people um anyway the big question is what is the long-term risk of that and um and you know the bigger question is how does a ketogenic diet affect you know risk for cardiovascular disease because at this point yeah we can reverse type 2 diabetes we've demonstrated that that that's amazing considering the scope of that problem but no one's actually done a study looking at hard end points it's all intermediate you know biomarkers so in other words no one's actually done a study looking at mortality or endpoints yeah cardiovascular events like heart attacks um or even hospitalizations so um I think moving toward those kinds of studies which are very you know challenging they will probably require a long duration obviously very expensive but those types of studies I think really need to be done to probably bring this into the mainstream I mean some people's minds you're just never going to change I think there are a lot of people on the fence trying to look at this objectively and if we had some data in that area that that'd be huge so we are studying ketogenic interventions in patients with heart failure now um and we'd like to hopefully you know follow those patients over a long enough period of time where we can obtain some of these harder endpoints yeah now that data is not going to be available anytime soon but um we've been trying to lay the groundwork to get those studies off the ground um in the meantime you know we will have some interim data on just cardiac function and improvements and other biomarkers which is great um but again I think moving toward those hard endpoints would be really important so that's really exciting to me and hopefully I'm you know in my career will be able to do some studies that that get those answers a lot of questions about that and sort of along those lines just while we're while we're on this topic uh I know people like uh Nick norwitz and Dave Feldman and Ron Krauss who we're part of an editorial uh on lean mass hyper responder phenotype right so you have like triglycerides down into like the 30s and 40s uh and then you have LDL up until like the five six hundreds right and APO B elevated so in the context of lean mass hyper responder phenotype what would your cautious recommendation be on how to manage patients who have for example uh very low uh uh triglycerides very high HDL uh every cardio metabolic you know marker including hscrp is like you know bottomed out uh blood pressure low all that stuff but their LDL and APO B are two to three times above the high end of normal so what do you I get so many questions about this and what do you do if you have a patient if you're researching him do you do do you pull the trigger and do a Statin intervention so what does Jeff volack that is I'm a PhD not an NDS today yeah yeah you've heard the physician your team yeah I know you're right I mean I did get so many questions about this too I mean we actually published a study from our fastest cohort you know on their LDL cholesterol so these were Elite Ultra runners you know super healthy super learning Salon presumably super healthy and Elite you know Elite performers and yeah they're LDL cholesterol is twice as high as the uh as their high carb counterparts so um uh yeah it is it is a bit of a paradox and this is why I think that you know that long-term study needs to be done because I don't have I can't point to a study that shows there's no risk associated with that now if I you know you put a gun to my head and you asked me to speculate um it's hard to imagine that this isolated increase in in LDL uh is is is harmful and every other biomarker an indicator of health is is in the normal range plus there's functional roles of cholesterol that are likely important um you know for for just doing a level of aerobic performance that they're doing in the oxygen consumption and the high rates of fat utilization going on in these athletes that you know cholesterol serves a very important role in the body to move fats around um so there's there's reasons why it's probably elevated so I would tend to think that it's it's not harmful but again given the you know the Paradigm around LDL cholesterol it's hard not to be a little worried about it um and certainly in extreme positions are worried about it um so how do you manage it you know it's a difficult question um all I can say is if it were me um I probably wouldn't do anything about it uh someone being worried about it yeah keep an eye on it too and and do a coronary calcium score and you know do intimate thickness I mean there's many things that you can do along the lines to sort of catch it but yeah just curious about that uh another maybe loaded question let's stay on the theme of uh controversial questions uh we have a question in the context of weight loss specifically weight loss are low carb ketogenic diets Superior to higher carb diets for fat loss when protein and calories are equated so uh some this keeps surfacing and it's just like endless debates about this that I stay out of on Twitter but so in the context of weight loss our low carb diets Superior to hard high carb diets for weight loss and I I'm usually I'm not that super interested in weight loss that much and more more like neurological effects but curious yeah it it's a um it's a good question [Music] and I think you know there's some people that are doing some good work in this space like David Ludwig was trying to answer this question around you know is there uh a metabolic advantage of a ketogenic diet and there are certainly physiological reasons how it could happen and uh whether or not it happens in the real world um is a different question uh the problem is you know these are really really really hard studies to do in the lab even if you do a controlled feeding study which David has done on a pretty large scope they're not metabolic Ward studies so people can still have the food provided and then throw it in the trash and cheat so you still don't have 100 percent confidence in exactly how many calories someone's consuming so um you know I I I think um if you are able to control calories truly control calories and um and manipulate carbs and um and fat and keep protein constant on average I think you do tend to see pretty similar weight loss I think in most studies yeah um you will see different metabolic responses in terms of yeah glycemic control biomarkers and so forth we've demonstrated that in many studies but here's the kicker in the real world um and this is you know what matters I think is that the real uniqueness and what stands out when you put obese people on a ketogenic diet is they spontaneously or naturally restrict calories yes you inadvertently with less perceived effort so you know because their brains are being fueled by ketones and they have improved fuel flow they become much more prodigious fat burners and all these things you know decrease cravings and allow them to feel better in the context of cohort restrictions so I do think you see much better compliance and outcomes in the real world but a lot of that might be attributable to the decreased satiety and and the fact that they are able to restrict calories more easily um you know and in that in that way so that you know but if you if you are able to study this in the lab and control calories not that there aren't certain people again the other point I would make is you know I've learned anything in 25 years doing human research is there's huge variability between people and so they're they're very likely maybe a subset of people that you put them on a ketogenic diet and they just you know waste energy for some reason they uncouple or something and and they are and you are able to translate or restriction into much greater weight loss yeah yeah so um your study to demonstrate this I think it doesn't get enough attention but these classic twin studies that um uh bashard and trembly did that um a couple decades ago where that was truly metabolic word studies where they did under feeding over feeding exercise studies in a metabolic board in identical twins and what they showed was that in this one experiment is fascinating they had people exercise I think they they made them cycle for about 600 extra cake hours per day so a couple hours of cycling and then they fed them their calories that would maintain their weight if they weren't cycling so you know they were burning an extra 600 Cake House per day for several weeks and they got about seven sets of twins I think that completed this the study and what they showed was that that extra 600 KCAL deficit translated into wildly varying weight losses so I think if you take you know 3 500 kcals is one pound of fat loss which obviously that has problems but just on the surface you would have expected the uh that that 600 kcals over several weeks would have translated into something like seven or eight kilogram weight loss what they showed was there was there was one twin pair that lost almost that much there was another pair of twins that basically lost no weight and these people were being dead and monitored there's no cheating going on here this is uh this is published again um so what was interesting is you had wildly varying weight losses in response to this caloric restriction induced by exercise but the within twin concordance was much higher so if if you were one of these if you if you were one of the participants that lost only one kilogram so did your sibling uh-huh what it shows is the ability to translate exercise into weight loss in this case is highly dependent on your genetics these were uh monozygotic twins okay wow so I would say the exercise intervention cause metabolic adaptations that I would say enhance metabolic efficiency and that exercise-induced enhancement of metabolic efficiency may have preserved you know energy either through T3 or reduce T3 or it's probably hormone probably a multi-faceted what they published a couple years later because I don't think they wanted it wasn't a popular result but this is not a popular uh statement in the exercise World um but what what accounted for majority of that was uh resting energy expendance here so what they showed was yeah exercise actually decreases resting energy expenditure especially just the opposite if you exercise it increases actually in the context of caloric restriction decreases energy expenditure more if you exercise decreased efficiency so or increased efficiency right uh inefficiency it decreased their yeah their resting energy expenditure so they're burning less calories at rest after exercise and uh this has been shown in several uh metabolic word studies actually at least at least four or five studies that were published many years ago but not really you know not a popular statement because most people want to get exercise increases your metabolic rate so yeah but one could part of the the explanation is related to how exercise impacts metabolic rate yeah one could say that there's an enhancement of mitochondrial function and a decrease perhaps in uncoupling and then that that could you know cause a preservation of of energy uh I remember when I was younger just force-feeding myself carbs and tons of protein and working out if I would eat a meal I would be like a furnace and burning and sweating and just like you know that doesn't happen now you know as I'm approaching 50. like I don't have that metabolic furnace kind of like effect if I eat a meal like and that's sympathetic nervous system there's different hormones effect there so I I think I do remember dieting and then you know being in a caloric State restricted state for three months and then that whole response was like pretty much attenuated right I was like cold all the time so I think maybe there's some adaptations there not only is there a lot of variability between people but even within a person you know over the lifespan you can see yeah responses to ketogenic interventions responses to exercise to change quite a bit in general carbon tolerance goes down as you get older so yeah that is you know as you get older on on average more people need to be conscious of carbs in their diet and yeah probably you know be on some type of lower carb really ketogenic intervention yeah along those lines I want to get some of these questions female athletes uh who are perimenopausal or during menopause there's actually no data on this what advice would Dr volik give for uh older females you know uh that are experiencing you know middle age that are experiencing perimenopause or menopause are the diet recommendations different especially in the context of athletes yeah you know that's um scenario we haven't done a lot of work in but I have um a research scientist in my lab right now who's really interested in pursuing changes in menstrual status and with ketogenic interventions because we have observed um some changes uh in our study just uh you know observational kind of level we haven't formally studied this it really hasn't been too many people that I'm aware of who have have focused on on this in women's health in general so um yeah I don't have you know I don't have any really enlightening answers there other than um I think it's a fruitful area for uh study and hopefully we'll we'll be an opportunity to do that one question that comes up because there's a study published and I just posted about this on uh Facebook or Instagram is uh the during resistance training or following a ketogenic diet reduced the bone adaptation changes associated with resistance training and then there are some studies that people are sending me about uh bone health in general when you're in acidic ketosis that mild metabolic acidosis causes a leaking of the calcium from the bones and so you know they sent me enough data to say okay I was due for my dexa scan so I got a dexa scan on Monday but my bone density was like kind of like off the charts and I've been doing it for you know more than 10 years but then again resistance training may be mitigating the effects of ketosis but I was wondering do you do dexa scans in your subjects have you done that long term and do you look at you know body composition changes yes we kind of talked about that but specifically changes in bone density yeah that issue does come up um I think you're right to focus on bone density because if you look at some of these acutely changing markers of bone turnover you know I don't think they're necessarily good correlation with long-term density they're kind of butterflies in the wind they change in response to a lot of things so trying to interpret that can be challenging um but the real answer or the real question is you know what's happening to your bone content density over the long term and I'm not aware of any long-term data with ketogenic interventions that indicate loss of bone mass or bone density now we haven't done a lot of long-term studies over multiple years to be able to track that um so we don't have that data either but same same for me but I've got the confounder of resistance exercise too which I think is important um you know effect on on bone density um so um at least we can say and if two then yeah diet I don't think you're at risk for osteoporosis it does come up with organizations like NASA for example when you know this this concept of putting someone on a diet that has a 50 increase in energetic density which could be favorable logistically for a number of reasons and you know a myriad of health benefits but the the pushback is kind of uh kidney stones but also bone health bone density so you know I do think more data needs to be done from my understanding there's maybe a little bit of loose associations in the epilepsy world but there's there's not really good data and then they're not lifting weights or doing any kind of intervention either but it but it comes up it's something that has been put on my radar again and again the bone health and bone density things which yeah yeah yeah and I don't think there's good data out there you know definitively but I don't see it as a big concern you know yeah as far as my understanding of the underlying physiology um this kind of same thing with kidney function and people will say to higher protein and concerns of kidney function but you know number one the ketogenic diet is not high protein there was it wouldn't be eugenic um but having said that no one's really studied uh renal patients Yeah you mentioned so we're actually doing that too or we're focused on polycystic kidney disease so great job we're getting underway in that population and there's actually a lot of reasons to think not only will you not have a negative effect it'll you'll have a therapeutic effect in this population yeah ketones are positively affecting renal function I'm glad you're studying that several people I know have that and how many questions dying you know people have to realize that um you know for the last 50 years all the nutrition research is focused on low-fat diets and Mediterranean diets and very little of fundings gone toward ketogenic interventions so you know it's quite our our efforts to try to you know do that work you know there's just so many questions that we don't have answers to because there hasn't been a lot of funding to study this yeah well in the context of uh there's a question here does Jeff does Dr volik agree with Dr Nokes that starting out a marathon or ultra marathon is best to do fasted to avoid bonking or hitting the wall uh due to greater percentage of energy output coming from fat so in essence if you're preparing for a marathon and you're training low carb should you increase calories prior to the event to being a Fed state or should you actually fast a little bit more to go into the fasted State I you know I don't think you've I don't ever remember that being discussed and it's a good question I thought about that too um yeah it was very very little published work in athletes so just kind of set the stage um so a lot of what we're talking about is hypothetical and what was observed empirically uh with athletes and you know tip notes is going back to your first question in the interview about people admire um Tim Knox is right up there in the top three uh he's just a huge mine and you know had the courage to admit he was wrong most of his career and you scientists his caliber um you know would do that um so he's a huge Miner level I love Tim and if I you know I don't and this is kind of Kim's latest thinking around this topic and I think he's right because I've had to um opportunity to co-author some papers with them is that in the context of you know prolonged endurance exercise what's really key and you know staving off fatigue is preventing hypoglycemia yep not glycogen depletion which has kind of been the current thank you and so um you know the way low carb fits into this I think you know there's obvious benefits of low carb for long-term endurance exercise because the most fundamental adaptation is you become a much better fat burner if you have access to your own endogenous fat stores you don't have to consume as much exogenous nutrients and you can fuel you know the intensity needed to perform at a pretty high level with fat primarily um but at some point you still might reach a level of hypoglycemia so I think the kind of current thinking as far as uh putting a you know an approach together is that um you know following a low-carb diet during training um and then introducing enough exogenous carbs just to prevent hypoglycemia yeah and you know what just having worked with a lot of these athletes and studied some of them and this is just what they had come to on their own self-experimentation is that a lot of these high-level athletes are consuming a small amount of carbs during maybe before and during uh exercise I won't mention names but I mean uh someone who's you know done quite exceptionally well in the ultra World set records um you know their protocol was basically consumed uh I think it was 50 grams you know 25 or 50 grams of carbs per hour which um you know that's either 100 a little over 100 kcals probably yeah it was 25 grams actually I think per hour so that's 100 Cake House per hour of glucose coming in uh you know assuming at the pace there these Elite athletes are running they're probably burning at least six seven 800 kcals per hour yeah still a fraction of their total energy expenditure and it's getting very quickly not really promoting an insulin response or editing fat utilization in any way but I think intuitively what's happening physiologically and these people figure it out is that it's maintaining their glycemia yes and to primarily use fat for fuel and is preventing bonking and you know getting giving them more efficient fuel supply so is this a like a high molecular weight kind of resistant kind of starch or can you accomplish the same thing with like you know fat and can you consume long chain fats maybe MCTS things like that my experience is the athletes have all different sorts of ways to get a cocktail everything from you know Skittles to um the the the slow absorbing High molecular weight starches like like you um which are more slowly absorbed so I don't know if so much the form is as important as you know just providing that little trickle of carbs in to prevent hypoglycemia but anyway you know I'll attribute that kind of new way of thinking to Tim because he's done a pretty exhaustive analysis of old studies and and kind of come to that conclusion and I think he's probably right he usually is yeah well in 1992 and 93 when I got into mountain biking I was using a product called cytomax it was Alpha L polylactate I had just bought creatine and and twinlab also sold this like orange flavored MCT thing so I was actually using I wasn't using well I was using MCT which is like ketones so I was using ketones Alpha L polylactate and uh creatine and then yeah the cytomax actually has some glucose polymers in it too so third 30 years more than 30 years ago I was actually you know I was just my mind was just like not just one fuel but just do like a dual fuel approach and I still like no one's actually studied that and I think that would be an interesting research question yeah I remember that I I purchased that inside of Max project product too and yeah I don't know if they're still around they have a patent on I I this is I actually got interested in lactate in my my postdoctoral uh and there was some patents around the alpha L poly lactate I believe and somehow I got steered I read Cahill's article in 2006 his review and that kind of steered me towards ketones but the lactate is something I want to revisit like different ways to deliver yeah that takes so misunderstood the whole misnomer of lactic acidosis which doesn't make any sense um if you actually look at the reaction lactate dehydrogenase reaction it consumes a proton so yeah please people don't don't ever use the term lactic acidosis yeah it's uh you know yeah hydrogen ion goes up as well as lactate but it's yeah like an innocent bystander lactate's actually doing a lot of positive things so um you know I I tend to think I wish more people would be interested in studying lactate Dynamics State because I think there's a lot of positive adaptations happening to move lactate around more efficiently than the keto adapted State because it's it's a great way to move carbons around and increased energy for your brain too when you exercise your lactate goes up in millimolar concentrations and your brain has free access to that energy so I think there's good cognitive benefits associated with exercise that are probably due to that yeah and you know my understanding is lactate moves through the same Transporters so it wouldn't be surprising you know those Transporters are all regulated so not only are they moving ketones or you know providing a uptake in the cells you should be able to move lactate around more efficiently so uh a lot to another project yeah yep so uh just a few more questions I know are coming up on time maybe one or two more uh so you talked about you know things that change your mind in the last 25 years what would Dr volack change his mind on in the last 10 years as a question someone asked and uh kind of along those lines do you intend to update this is two questions do you intend to update the version of the Art and Science of low carb performance uh so because that was written quite a while back so has your mind changed not good not 25 years ago but in the last 10 years has your mind changed and specifically maybe pointing to that book uh would you change any guidelines within that book yeah well I I don't think my mind has changed as much as I've feel like the last decade there's a lot of confirmation that you know when I got into this 20 25 years ago now and I really became interested in studying this in the mid 90s so um you know I think I I was on the right track because the the data that have now continued to pour out a primarily positive so um they don't plan on doing a 180 on anything that I can think of now yeah nuances of all this are a lot more complicated and you know now you've got the exogenous ketones and you just there's just so many nuances to everything that um yeah you know it's it's it's it's humbling uh how uh how complicated it is but uh on a simple level we we have really good data now the ketogenic interventions can be very therapeutic for epilepsy for diabetes and probably for a lot of other conditions um so that's super exciting um but we still have a lot of foundational research yet to do as far as the books um you know I think the um I'd love to update the books because it's it's hard to believe they're a decade old now uh I think there's a lot of great content in there um I really enjoyed working with Steve who um you know who really wrote a majority of the texts for both Art and Science so low carb living and performance and certainly enough new data to Warrant um new versions but it's just such a bear to right you know a book especially when I have a fully functioning lab that is more active than we've ever been so I guess unfortunately I'd say don't hold your breath on a update anytime soon but I will say Steve and I talk maybe okay maybe uh maybe that question has inspired me to yeah organize updating those books um okay it's yeah it is fun to work on that and uh really pleased to you know at least a lot of people and we'll be home convert a few people to be more open-minded of that low carb yeah I I've bought in probably three dozen at least from Amazon and give them given them to people gifted them to people okay uh two more questions the penultimate question because I have to ask it I get so many people asked seed oils so seed oils are fat so uh what is your kind of stance on seed oils I get this question it gets too much time in my opinion but it is one of those questions that if I didn't ask it people would be mad at me for not asking you about uh the the potential for seed oils to be causing mitochondrial damage and then um perhaps just inflammation and being something in the food system that's toxic do you agree with that opinion well in the context of the ketogenic diet we do part of a well-formulated act that we focus a lot on quality of fat it's not too much and quantity and one of the main you know issues there is that um you know because fats are primary you uh source of energy on ketogenic diet you know you're eating high amounts of it especially your weight maintenance ketogenic diet um you want fats that are you know good fuels because that's his primary role um and turns out probably unsaturated fats are not good fuels yeah the essential fats are polyunsaturated but you only need gram amounts of this DHA EPA ala yeah yeah you know which you know is a you know is a real problem um for folks that just go to the grocery store and buy mayonnaise and salad dressings which typically are soybean oil based and that that's a horrible source of fat on a ketogenic diet so um you know we uh we advocate for more of the natural fat sources from animals beef you know chicken yeah or dairy fat all of that you know is relatively low in poly and high in monounsaturated fats so um you know as far as oils go um olive oil um coconut oil avocado oil yeah excellent sources so low polyunsaturated fat ketogenic and even like the plant oil industry is recognizing this and shifting more towards you know monounsaturated fat from the oils like yeah Ohio legs sunflower oil stuff like that okay uh last question because this is probably the most common question I got how do you play explosive sports like basketball MMA on keto I have been fine on Resistance and endurance but struggle with explosiveness so I don't know I do power lifting but my workouts are usually like just 20 minutes and I don't there's no no negative effects that I can observe but uh you know a lot of CrossFit athletes a lot of basketball players MMA things like that you undoubtedly get this question a lot and I don't remember an answer to it so um so what are your thoughts on yeah we haven't really studied that population either yeah totally I think some athletes over time adapt and are able to do it um you know and it may be a matter of um incorporating some exogenous sources much like the ultra endurance athletes too because you can run into hypoglycemia as a mechanism of fatigue during high intensity exercise too or explosive if you do it repeatedly um but I think a lot of it comes down to managing minerals too you know if you're not yep replacing enough sodium in your diet on a ketogenic intervention and it causes all sorts of problems um yeah because of the natural attic effect that you know it's a stress response you know aldosterone epinephrine go up and that causes you to waste potassium and all of that can affect muscle and nerve firing and so forth so um that's where this concept of oil formulated ketogenic diet that incorporates not just kind of carbon protein intake to get into ketosis but also management of minerals and so forth are really important so um but even though I mean it may not be the ideal diet for explosive schools I mean if that's if performance is your primary metric or by which you want to measure things but I do think for a lot of athletes the improved power to weight ratio helps a lot with explosiveness so if you're able to maintain your muscle mass and rate of force development but you weigh less yeah you know that can be an important factor um you know whether it be a football alignment you know they've used ketogenic diets and they've lost a little weight so maybe they have less Mass but they're quicker yeah for all athletes I mean you're storing if you're carb loading that those carbs like glycogen is holding water whereas fat is anhydrous and it's not you don't have you have energy but you don't have the kind of the water to go with it so Jeff yeah that was pretty much in line with what I thought you're going to say and uh thank you so much for your taking time out of your day from the lab for for doing this we appreciate the metabolic Health Community appreciates your time and effort into this uh it's my dog sparking in the background yeah so thanks again for your time Jeff uh real quick where can people find you are you kind of online or in the social media world so much as most people yeah in the lab publishing PubMed Focus so yeah we're very active in the lab so I guess you know we're trying to pump out papers and contribute to the body of knowledge and I appreciate you um and all the work you've done scientifically but also know about health Summit and you know and all the work you're doing to uh promote other people's work so you know thanks for the opportunity to do the podcast and uh I do try to do a few of these with credible people like yourselves so um appreciate that we appreciate it Jeff well thanks for being a speaker at metabolic Health Summit you know you're gonna you're scheduled for the next one in January 2020 uh January uh 2024 I think January 25th is when it begins and uh people listening to this can get their tickets at metabolicalsummit.com uh Jeff again thank you for your time and your expertise uh sharing this today we really appreciate it thank you for tuning in to this episode of the metabolic link podcast if you're enjoying this podcast please be sure to like share it subscribe and leave us a comment or review this really helps us improve the podcast and we really appreciate your feedback thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwlee4925 [3 likes]: Anyone know the name / brand of the continuous ketone monitor that Jeff Volek was mentioning?
  2. @InconnuGlitterBoy [3 likes]: Great interview, great questions. Thank you!
  3. @kathya1956 [2 likes]: how much is keto diet in depression a placebo effect?
  4. @joec1212 [2 likes]: Great show gentlemen!  Thankyou
  5. @Kernoe [2 likes]: 1:15:25 thank you for that question
  6. @tengrisherpa4517 [1 likes]: Shit talk, nothing practical. Dagostino is just talking alot!
  7. @norahfarooq8681 [1 likes]: Thank you. Great interview. Been in mild ketosis since 2016. I could never go back to eating high carbs again. I’ve also put my diabetes into remission. I was diagnosed type 2 in 2003.
  8. @kathya1956 [1 likes]: why does Volek need to do finger sticks? Can't he get a CGM?
  9. @kathya1956 [1 likes]: Wow, Volek really looks different. I haven't seen him in 5 years. What is going on? Is he on steroids and keto diet?
  10. @pmccord9 [1 likes]: Jeff's amazing.
  11. @clifdunbar7405 [1 likes]: I'm a 57 year old armrestler  and have struggled with emotions  but on ketovore I'm triving
  12. @paulrussell5706 [1 likes]: Great conversation . I’d love to learn the recipe/ ingredients for your breakfast drink Dom
  13. @mikeward9870 [1 likes]: I want to hear more about those diets! Perhaps even recipes?
  14. @lynnwilliams5432 [1 likes]: N of one but 6 years Carnivore female Osteoporosis recently broke stem of femur June 26th anterior hip replacement next day . 81 years old good shape going in 9 miles step racing and 9 min sprints that  day weight resistance fell picking up trash. Didn’t know about osteoporosis until two weeks after the accident. No question just giving this data.
  15. @PiujuqInuitArt: If you on exogenous ketones get proteinia, stop the exogenous ketones for a while, also  try not to develop any degree of tumour lysis syndrome.  It is extremely pain, you loose a few days in managing it, drink more water, and take sodium bicarb, but do not do this at all unless you have close medical supervision.
  16. @PiujuqInuitArt: If you ketones get to high and you are irritable, try taking some sodium bicarb....cautiously
  17. @iamthefiremanjj: Did anyone get mental clarity from.keto thats all i care about
  18. @lovinglifeon2wheels: Thank you for the question about menopausal athletes. I race mtb and lift and recently returned to keto after following Stacy Sims recommendations of higher carb and protein.  Always experimenting and I’m excited to play with keto again now that I’m in menopause.
  19. @clifdunbar7405: George brooks  for lactate  project
  20. @aarongarner5155: What about testosterone replacement therapy and keto genie diets?

- Metabolic Health Summit Highlights — Dr. Eric Westman: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi dr eric westman here with another episode of learn with dr westman i'd like to give some highlights from the annual keto conference called the metabolic health summit the metabolic health summit 2022 was held in santa barbara california there had been a year skipped but this was the first in person event since the lockdowns and pandemic so it was great to see researchers and friends that i've known for a long time i think it's important for updates on these kinds of conferences because the science of keto and and nutrition for that matter is an evolving science and i would think you would want your advisor to keep learning about the advice the evolving science which i do i've been providing research and learning from these conferences since they were started so of course the highlight from the personal selfish perspective is that our book received the top book award from the metabolic health summit top keto book was end your carb confusion by myself and amy berger so it was great to see other really really good books go up for this award uh of course i'd have to say the types of books were very different for example rob lustig who is a emeritus professor out of the university of california san francisco wrote a book called metabolical and metabolical was up for an award but it's a very different book than and your carb confusion and your carb confusion is a how-to sort of book with a little bit of the background of why you want to avoid sugar why you want to keep the blood sugar low and keep the insulin low so our in our book has a very practical guide of how you should get started and what kinds of foods you should follow maybe that's why it got the award i don't i don't know but anyway the other books were very different in their their scope and intent i i saw dr lustig there at the meeting and um metabolical is a great book but it's in a different type of book it's not a how-to here's what you do to do the diet but but so that was fun to receive the award amy berger and i were invited to go up to the podium and got a little uh trophy uh to take home for that uh so check out andrew carb confusion now there also is a cookbook companion cookbook that just was published this year and your carp confusion cookbook which i'm really proud of both of these books and what they're trying to do in a simple way to teach you why and and what to do chef scott parker is a michelin star chef who applied his knowledge to simplifying uh recipes and doing really tasty things as he says after cooking all day at work he doesn't want to spend a whole lot of time cooking at home so he's sharing the secrets of how to make really excellent food from a chef's perspective with very little time it's a great cookbook as well getting to the science uh there are two main themes that i took away of course a lot of a lot of information there but one theme is metabolic psychiatry so applying low carb or prescription strength nutrition to psychiatry there are two programs now that have propped up at one at harvard one at stanford called metabolic psychiatry and what they're doing is applying keto if if needed but different nutritional approaches targeting reducing sugar and using keto diets and finding you know in some cases just phenomenal results in serious psychiatric illness very interesting to see talks by dr shivani sethi at stanford she has a research group going there now with different types of studies being done and then also chris palmer at harvard who has a clinical program and a foundation that started to get research going and chris has a book that's in progress uh hopefully be published later this fall but the one-two punch of the stanford research by dr sethi and the clinical outcome so dr palmer had one of his patients come from he's in boston the harvard area have had his patient come to santa barbara and they interviewed he interviewed her the patient for you know a half hour it's just unbelievable story of transformation and serious mental illness with homelessness and just again transformative all by changing the food so the big theme metabolic psychiatry coming out of the metabolic health summit the second big theme that i saw uh was from the diet doctor group um i i've known dr ian felt andreas the diet doctor himself for long i've known him since he took his first camera and was himself the only one on the low-carb cruise many many years ago and now he brings a cadre of camera people to cruises and to the metabolic health summit he had a bunch of people there too so the teaching that he's done has grown through the years diet doctor is the group internationally that coined the term lchf which means low carb high fat and when i i saw you know there wasn't like a formal policy change uh but uh what i saw is that there's gonna be kind of a shift in direction or or in communication such that there will be i think moving away to uh from low carb high fat as a as a term or or or for pushing that way of thinking and more toward foods that cause satiety or cause fullness and i don't exactly know the detail behind it but but dr ianfeld got up and gave an excellent talk as he always does on foods that make you full getting you know finding a category and determining a metric of food and fullness of course if you've done a keto diet you you probably experienced that some days you're just not hungry at all it's not like the food is making you full it's the ketosis is making you full without taking a food right then but my my sense is is that it's an approach that will allow the information to be used by many more people than just kind of a targeted keto sort of community and i've known for a while having learned from dr atkins and other people who have written diet books including our book and your carb confusion which is our latest thinking the award-winning book now from the metabolic health summit we have different carb levels in android carb confusion and while we still or i still like the language of low carbohydrate it might be off-putting to some and but i've known that you can be healthy with a wide range of carbohydrate intake if you have matched that to your metabolic state to your metabolism if you have insulin resistance uh in diabetes in that direction then you want to be super low on the carbs maybe even at a keto type of level uh but uh i i guess the the signaling was uh from diet doctor that they're going to be broadening their approach and appeal not that's not to say that low carb high fat or or keto isn't good or or it's just that i think they're trying to get to a wider audience the diet doctor is the largest uh site i believe on earth for low carb information um i do have to declare that i am a small stockholder in diet doctor because they pay speakers and and they pay for my um my video for example their videos uh through stock um it's a very small amount but anyway um uh i i look to diet doctor and uh their group to be you know a premier source of information um i've seen dr brett sher s-h-e-r uh grow through the years excellent interviews that he does now with scientists uh on the as medical director of dietdoctor dietdoctor.com um so big big three highlights from the metabolic health summit in santa barbara so metabolic health summer 2022. yay we won an award for andrew carb confusion top keto book for the year there is a growing interest in metabolic psychiatry that with research being presented in clinical cases there and then diet doctor is probably going to be broadening its audience or or policy toward different types of diets probably not as restrictive as before which you know i think is a great thing to try to get out of the echo chamber that has been created around keto itself um so so it may surprise you that at a metabolic health summit which is focused on keto diets that there's more than just keto but i think that's just because the realistic uh truth is that not everyone has to be keto and can achieve excellent health um i hold out maybe that keto will be better than other approaches if the science shows that but i don't think the science has shown that in humans yet but it is at the table as a healthy diet that you can do now as compared to any other approaches um again uh if you like this video be sure to like subscribe and ring the notification bell why not even share with a friend or relative this is a grass movement of nutritional information also please see the description below for my latest free guide if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification bell and check out adapterlifeacademy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsLeenite [8 likes]: Congratulations on the book award to Dr Westman and Amy Berger!
  2. @luzdiaz6375 [5 likes]: Congratulations Dr. Westman and Amy I have both your books end your carb confusion and your cookbook they are awesome.
  3. @heywoodjakissme6939 [3 likes]: I would like to hear a summary of the research presented.
  4. @beverlyxango [3 likes]: Excellent Information, thank you, Dr. Westman!
  5. @mariad1151 [2 likes]: Mostly I respect Dr. Westman for the way he interacts, helps, and represents ordinary people. All the rest is gravy, though no one can diminish his very real credentials.  Just something about the way he will talk to us & reach out & go to events for regular folks.  If it turned out the science was all was wrong, for example, he gets a pass for mixing it up with real folk & caring for them.  Unique to him it seems--the real difference.  God bless!
  6. @mariad1151 [2 likes]: Diet Doctor deletes any comments that contadict their often elitist point of view. The site is about money and increasing membership, not the exhange of ideas.  That's why the comments there are so obsequious there.  Anything challenging gets silenced.  Congrats on the award at the conference!
  7. @carolinecrawford2675 [2 likes]: I got your book last month and it has been a big help. I look forward to my appointment with you on the 15th of September! Can't wait!! So far I have lost 25 lbs and gotten my A1c down to pre- diabetic, but need some encouragement.
  8. @lindalentz3963 [2 likes]: Congratulations!
Well deserved award!
  9. @carlaswihart5636 [2 likes]: Congratulations  I use and love your books
  10. @سراجمنير-ظ1غ [1 likes]: Thanks doctor Keto Awesome.same as you .
  11. @anthonycampbell5477 [1 likes]: The book is great. Very well organized
  12. @laurahiggins8594 [1 likes]: Good for you. It is nice to be recognized by your peers.
  13. @tamisherwood3208 [1 likes]: Love the book And your Carb Confusion. Didn't know about the cookbook until today. Congratulations on the award. That is awesome.
  14. @xlalouba: Thank you
  15. @jimrutherford2773: I'd like to hear more from Amy Berger. I don't see her anymore on this forum.
  16. @jamieshakta6189: I was not ever notified that there would be a summit in California 
I would have loved to attend 
I’m sad that I missed it
  17. @karenbole7130: Im so upset that elites are trying to ban meat.  I found carnivore almost 2 years ago and drastically improved my health that im not longer diabetic after 25 years of insulin shots when i graduated to shots rrom pills in my 20s.  If im forced to go vegan and processed foods i might as well end my life than go back to that unhealthy state

- Genetics of Keto Response: The Good, the Bad, & the Ugly: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign carries at least some genes that presumably predispose them to fail on a low carb or keto diet but if this is true why is it that most people seem to improve their metabolic Health on these diets isn't that confusing well if you are confused then this presentation is for you by the end of this presentation you will be able to understand how your genes can affect the way you respond to a keto diet identify The Good the Bad and the Ugly in your genetic report for Keto and evaluate Weather or Not genetic testing can help you find out whether keto is right for you the ketogenic diet or keto for short is a low carb high-fat adequate protein diet then more and more people are successfully using to lose weight and improve their metabolic and cognitive health but some people do better than others on keto for example some people may have an easier time losing weight on keto than others this variability of response carries out from many factors including physiological factors sex age body weight lifestyle factors diet exercise stress and the interaction of these factors with a person's genetic predispositions our genes are Mighty molecules they can have powerful effects on the way we look feel and respond to a drug or Diet but they usually work in big networks of thousands and millions of tiny genetic variations that interact with each other and with our environment it's like an orchestra that plays in sync with lifestyle factors to modulate the symphony of our biology when it comes to genes and diet this symphony is called nutrigenomics which is the science of how dnaian diet dance with each other to shape our health from the inside out and outside in

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidpeacock8276 [1 likes]: This was useless
  2. @marianne1959 [1 likes]: Well that was useless info 🙄
  3. @jeagr209 [1 likes]: You guys are getting greedy, putting all of the information behind paywalls. Shameful, considering you already charged people for the original event.
  4. @stellat2405: Not only she has heavy accent which makes it difficult to understand, but she has speech deformation issues. You should put subtitles here it's a disaster and automatic translation makes it even more ridiculous to follow.

- Supercharge Your Brain and Body: Inside the World of Ketones and Neuroperformance: Kind: captions Language: en if your body is a factory and it's used to running off a glucose based metabolism carbohydrate metabolism and you dramatically limit carbohydrate availability suppress the hormone insulin it's not like you're going to be burning fat at an accelerated rate and making ketones it's going to take a long time there's so many things that need to adjust to be even able to tolerate a carbohydrate restricted diet a high fat diet over time and then you have energy systems there's going to be a required adaptation over time to get benefits over a ketogenic diet [Music] [Applause] well Dominic here we are on the know your physio podcast I've had the chance to digest your work online and some of your you know some of your research over the past few years actually that I've been following you and what I'm most impressed by because you have without a doubt objectively an extremely impressive resume and you're so accomplished in this field but what I'm most impressed by is your ability to distill this information and your ability well your passion for enabling this in your personal health and well-being and I can tell that the research is really a part of your lifestyle and I think that's one of the most valuable things that I try to accomplish in this format on this podcast for my listeners is helping them enable a lot of the science because I think a lot of people will take old science that is now finally established and by the time that they Implement these habits it's like there's new stuff and you're always on top of it you're always doing more research and you're fighting for the citizen time scientist so I want to welcome you on the show and I hope we can explore a conversation that gives these folks more incentive and more data more evidence to improve the quality of life thank you I appreciate being on and I appreciate what you're doing with education Outreach too it's a big part of kind of what I've been doing just being on podcasts we I host the metabolic link podcast and also a conference the metabolic Health Summit uh which is really uh early on I didn't know I was going to go in that direction because I kind of hated public speaking but we realized this information is important to get out and it's fun to share especially if you could do both at the same time you know it's like and give other people the platform to talk about it so I appreciate you giving me this platform to speak about it absolutely it's my pleasure and if we can start with metabolic Health how would you define metabolic health and specifically what does everyone need to know about metabolic health I think most people might be maybe I don't know intimidated by the the verbiage there the wording what does it actually mean and how can people appreciate that definition uh I like to kind of from a really broad term just do it cardio metabolic health and anything that's going to be healthy and optimal for your cardiovascular system is also going to be you know uh ideal for your brain so my my training is physiology and Neuroscience and uh what's good for your heart it's good for your brain so I think it's really important uh to longitudinally know like you know over time if you don't have Baseline blood work like a comprehensive metabolic panel uh CMP or CBC you know your listeners definitely need to go out and do that like you know if you have health care if you have health insurance that's covered at least once a year sometimes twice a year so go and get that done and in addition to a comprehensive metabolic panel on CBC you should also do add a number of different things that is not really going to cost that much like your your fasting insulin your hemoglobin A1c uh your you know your cholesterol APO B is probably important too it might be like 50 bucks to add APO B um and probably I like to tell people to add to high sensity C-reactive protein HS you know hscrp uh and know your blood pressure of course and and also get a dexa skin Stan scan sorry uh so to look at your body composition that's going to be really important and also your bone mineral density over time and I've seen in particular in women that have contacted me how it goes down I think that's due to some you know different diets that they're on uh or caloric restriction or just losing body mass can impact your bone mineral density so but taking a step back yeah metabolic health is something that you don't want to make it too complicated right so it's probably at its most simple level is just like your body composition and then your Fitness level and that could be your VO2 max or can you do you know if you're a guy can you do 40 push-ups if you're a girl can you do like 10 push-ups pull-ups things like that so these are very Baseline what I consider kind of functional uh biomarkers so there's functional biomarkers then there's blood biomarkers and then there's things like you know your VO2 max and uh body composition you know biomarkers dexa so these are all things uh that you should know and you should have a baseline because as you age you know when I was in when I was your age in my 20s and 30s you know I didn't care about these things but now as I'm approaching 50 you know I realize man it would be great to have a dexo when I was 20. I did have actually blood work in my teens I was on uh a drug for acne so I had to get like routine blood work so I kept all that I always ask my doctor for uh for like you know blood work so I could just keep it and I have a record of all that so I can look back to see what my liver enzymes were and things like that so I would encourage people listening to this just to get Baseline measurements and that's going to be value if you if you really value your health especially metabolic Health which is the foundation of your personal health that that data is going to be important and once we take this data and we start to make certain Lifestyle Changes what can we feel as far as let's say improving metabolic healthy besides seeing the markers on paper change how does it feel to improve your metabolic health yeah that's probably the most important thing right it's like how when you go to a doctor you know you're maybe your hormones could be low or things could be out of whack but the most important thing that he's focused on at least in modern medicines like how do you feel right so you are going to feel as your metabolic Health improves your body's ability to uh convert macronutrients proteins carbohydrates and fats into energy currency ATP this is like the most simple description will improve right it's our ability to make energy at the level of the mitochondria improves and our metabolic health is tightly coupled to what we study in the lab which is mitochondrial Health right so we have different tools we can measure mitochondria the seahorse biosciences we can look at mitochondrial ATP production Ross production uh under different conditions where we feed cells animals and humans different macronutrients and then we look at outcome measures uh so we know that we could uh even at the level of the cell if we improve the energy flow of the cell by optimizing what the cell is eating meaning giving it different nutrients and then we hit that cell even in an in vitro preparation with stress it could be hypoxia it could be hyperoxia it could be an oxidative stress challenge it could be high levels of glutamate or potassium or something like that when that when the bioenergetic state of the cell is optimized and the cell can make ATP and also produce you can stabilize the bioenergetic state of the cell in the context of a of a oxidative stress environment and what we do is like we challenge it with hypercapnia hyperoxia things like that uh that is that will have a translational effect you know in my career I've moved from cell based systems to animal systems and now we do human studies right so it is very obvious to me that if you can alter metabolic Health but also the the various metabolites that the body is using for energy that you can confer protection and produce what we call in you know military medicine we call it uh performance resilience so being able to achieve and maintain the same outcome and task uh you know whether that be cognitive function tasks you're not using like the NASA TLX we have the NIH toolbox we have different you know functional things that we do in various operational you know studies if we can preserve that the function of that task under extreme environments uh knowing what causes your performance to decrease and then understanding that from a fundamental level then we can work back and create a countermeasure what we call a mitigation strategy to Target those things that are being impact acted by that extreme environment that stress that lack of sleep that low level of oxygen high level of oxygen so that's how we and this has it's very kind of a niche research but it has major implications for people you know for athletes for people everybody's under stress right in some way or another they're lacking sleep or whatever so a lot of the stuff that we do in our lab which is mostly DOD onr funded uh has implications and you know for for the everyday person for the athlete and for many people that you work with too and so if you're looking at this from a cellular level if you're if you're isolating the cells if you're giving them these stressors and understanding how they work and how you can optimize from that perspective I mean how effectively does this translate on the systemic or the the human level like what's the correlation there how uh strong is the relationship between our cellular function and our total body Wellness yeah uh that's a great question and not as well as you would think in regards to uh say for example I guess I'll give you two examples because I study a lot of the research that we do is in seizures and we also do we have quite an active research program in cancer so we've been able to like basically arrest and stop cancer growth and proliferation and you know various cell lines you know glioblastoma cell lines even things that grow rapidly and we've moved that to animal models and we can get a pretty robust effect but you know we've cured cancer in cells we've cured cancer and animal models uh and we develop metabolic-based approaches and many of these things we realize uh in in cells cell based systems and in animal models as a standalone therapy they're quite effective but I think once we move to humans I think they have a very negligible fact unless they're actually uh kind of combined together right so a dietary intervention that targets you know insulin igf-1 lowers glucose elevates ketones uh is not going to cure cancer and some people are talking about fasting or the huge anxiety curing cancer and that's very unfortunate and kind of have to do a lot of damage control actually some of our research gets misinterpreted and gets promoted that way but at the very best you know dietary interventions in from the cells and animal-based systems can function as maybe an adjuvant or a way to further augment the therapeutic efficacy of standard of care they could be radiation chemo or an immune-based therapy like checkpoint Inhibitors pd1 inhibitors for example I think there's a tremendous potential there so on the other hand that's in cancer so very you know not not super good trans translatability but you know animal-based studies are informative but not predictive however studies that are done on various seizure models so the anti-epileptic drugs for example and uh actually have very good translatability from animal models of seizures to humans so that would be almost the other end of the spectrum you know essentially things that work in humans work in animals and anti-epileptic therapies that work in animals tend to work quite well in humans so Alzheimer's disease that would be kind of like the same situation as cancer I mean we can you know we can arrest amyloid plaque and Tau and and you know do a lot of therapeutic things with these uh transgenic animal models of of Alzheimer's disease but not very not very efficacious so maybe from your audience would be interested in performance so we're at the level now where we're like testing different things in Road models and we see that for example if we put animals on a ketogenic diet or give them Ketone supplementation they could run 20 25 you know longer on a roto-rod device which is like a treadmill I do not think that's going to translate to humans I think the things that we there's a lot of if you look at Ketone supplements and ketogenic diets there is we study seizures and therapeutic applications but it seems like the mainstream biohacking Community is really about cognitive performance too but they're also about like physical performance and you know we've we develop various ketogenic agents and we work with ketogenic agents that do have the potential to augment performance but we study this performance outcome in the context of an extreme environment so we produce a deficit and then we do the ketogenic intervention to preserve performance in the context of a deficit uh however so a lot of marketing people and a lot of people are selling Key Don't Ketone supplements and other things to optimize when a person is like has a normal healthy you know function physiologically and they don't have a pre-existing condition that significantly impairs their cognitive or physical performance not too many things are really going to enhance I mean caffeine will creatine uh so I I am actually of the opinion that exogenous ketones will enhance exercise performance and cognitive performance but I think it's going to be kind of small uh the data I mean there's just enough data but I think the exogenous ketones which is something that I study is probably like the next creatine when I was in 1992 I bought my first bottle of creatine from Twin lab I remember because I was playing football at the time and it was like this new supplement and you know it offered a very small benefit maybe my bench press went up like two or three reps with like 225 or something like that after about a month or so of using it um so you know it was an observable thing and I think once we understand and optimize the formulation of various uh energy metabolites I'm also interested in lactate Alpha L polylactate which is something that I think could be combined with creatine and ketones and formulated in different ways so you have like a dual fuel system that's something that I'm working on um so I think there's a lot of potential there for these metabolic-based therapies but also metabolic based formulations that can augment exercise performance specifically under different uh in the context of different stressors and as far as the null benefit of exogenous Keys the research support it's not on an individual basis I mean you know you you on the camp that that is for exogenous ketones are you comparing that to endogenous production like if I'm fasted is there no net benefit if I take additional you know exogenous is that what you mean or you mean just in general there's no benefit to exogenous ketones like adding in a ketone supplement yeah well I would actually say like in the context of things that I study there's significant benefits to ketones uh in the context of like you know if you're not having a seizure but if you're using a rebreather and Diving down the 50 feet and you know your uh your partial pressure of your you know your brain is going up uh that's going to cause some stress so we know that that ketones essentially have anti-convulsant effects and that's the accepted application of the ketogenic diet is for drug refractory epilepsy so it works through a gabaergic mechanism through glutamic acid decarboxylate so you make a lot more Gaba relative to glutamate uh it suppresses oxidative stress it does these things so it tends to that effect is very observable and robust in the context of extreme environments if someone was to consume exogenous ketones and they're like keto adapted if I was the everyday person and I wanted to use exogenous ketones in a race I would at least three to six months out start experimenting with them in small amounts during my training and then you can see how your body can adapt to it like during your training right you don't want to uh if you read about athletes that are running Ultra marathons on a ketogenic diet you don't want to start that you know a month out your performance is going to tank pretty fast but there is I know it gets criticized a lot but there is something to keto adaptation right so it's just like if you have a factory making a certain thing if your body is a factory and it's used to running off a glucose based time to adapt to even to adapt to having a palatable diet where you can get enough energy and be able to digest the lipase enzyme the pancreatic ends the bile things like that there's so many things that need to adjust to be even able to tolerate a carbohydrate restricted diet a high fat diet over time and then you have energy systems where you have you know the production of ketones ketolytic enzymes Ketone Transporters like monocarboxylic acid Transporters are upregulated pretty significant secondly like 15 like 50 percent at the level of the blood-brain barrier uh and things like that so um you there's gonna be a required over a ketogenic diet so that brings up the idea of doing whatever diet you're following and and I think there are side effects to a ketogenic diet whereas you know a standard Mediterranean low carb diet not so much where you could just follow your own diet and then consume exogenous ketones I'm imp I prefer Ketone electrolytes uh with sodium potassium calcium magnesium uh actually similar to the uh supplement element so I use a supplement but instead of the electrolytes are bound to Beta hydroxybutyrate so you deliver the electrolytes and that's a good thing uh and then it's also it's ionically bound to Beta hydroxybutyrate which is a ketone molecule and then it liberates the energy and it liberates the electrolyte and there's no carbohydrate no sugar or whatever so these things can be very helpful you know to restore preserve electrolytes and also give your body uh to elevate an energy metabolite in your blood in the millimolar concentrations which actually represents a significant amount of you know usable energy because whatever blood level you have of beta hydroxybutyrate that will go across the blood-brain barrier and your brain will have free access to it you know once you get up to like six or seven or eight millimolar then it becomes kind of rate limiting but if you can elevate your beta if your beta hydroxybutyrate is one millimolar your brain is deriving about 10 percent of its energy from ketones so you could put it in that context if you look at the Dual pet scan where you look at Ketone and glucose PET Imaging studies which suggest that so so what I'm saying is like that people that are trying to experiment with ketogenic diets and Ketone supplements I think they should start out very slow and start titrating these things in maybe just use medium chain triglycerides some people can't tolerate them or to add like a ketone electrolyte and small concentrations and then ramp up and then just you know if you're using device to measure your activity looking at your heart rate you know some studies that I did going back over 10 years ago one of the things when I was formulating these things I'm sure you know Peter attia I went to Peter Attias and stayed at his house and then we woke up he got on a metabolic car and he maintained 180 Watts on a bike and then you know I gave them a ketone formulation and then he maintained that 180 Watts but he did it consuming less oxygen so Like Oxygen consumption went down I think like 10 or whatever yeah yeah so yeah shifted as our cue in a way but he was his oxygen content uh went down significantly so while maintaining 180 Watts so his metabolic efficiency uh increased and he was already on a ketogenic diet though so I mean you could say that but we did uh you know as he's riding the bike I'm stabbing his finger making blood measurements and that was I think his ketones went up just like maybe 1.5 or 2 millimolar off sauce so uh we've never we always wanted to follow up and do like a trial like a a more comprehensive trial but I was just my focus has always been therapeutic applications of these things but but that's an example right so it's like uh he was following his diet and then he just simply added exogenous ketones and he was very methodical about you know doing it in this way he was like no we're going to design it I'm going to maintain 180 watts and we're just going to look at oxygen consumption so so I do think that there's something to be said and maybe not everybody will experience this but you know the late Dr Richard Veach who is a student of Han's crib did his whole neighbor on yeah Ketone Aid is part of that yeah there's a little bit of yeah so Ketone Aid I think is the brainchild so that's one that's r13 butane dial beta hydroxybutyrate monoester I love ketones yeah so Ketone Aid and so we've the very first um the very first Ketone that we studied in the lab was r13 butane dial beta hydroxybutyrate monoester and that did not prevent seizures so I didn't give up though but what we found is that when you elevate ketones it needs to be in a ratio of beta hydroxybutyrate to acetoacetate to keep the redox ratio so we got another uh formulation from Case Western from Henry Bruning Grabber and that was one three butane dial acetoacetate diester which produces the that and so most of the research that we do is actually on Ketone Esters and I do think they're tremendous therapeutic applications my only issue with exogenous ketones in the form of Esters and I have to be careful because a lot of my Blended research is with Ester so I don't want to you know talk negatively about them too much I do think there's a lot of applications but you have the one three butane dial so one three butane dial as you know is a Dye alcohol it's a glyco it's a glycol molecule and then when you metabolize one three butane dial it goes through the alcohol dehydrogenase pathway so you do produce a toxic aldehyde and also your liver enzymes so if you consume it at a you know if you consume multiple Doses and you're doing blood work you've probably seen that your liver enzymes will go up right so like mine my liver enzymes astlt are usually about in the low 20s but if I consume one three butane dial 30 to 50 grams per day for two weeks those liver enzymes will double so I mean you could double it drinking two or three beers per day so you know it's a mild stress but I worry about people who are older who may not have like you know hepatic detoxification potential so so it is putting a stress on the liver it's also so I I think I like exogenous ketones in the form of Ketone Esters to be used acutely for things like CNS oxygen toxicity and for like you know therapeutic applications but if someone's going to use ketones on a daily basis I would suggest using a beta hydroxybutyrate uh electrolyte salt and that way you know you're not you don't have to force the liver to metabolize the one three butane dial than to make to make the ketones so you just have the ionic bond but yeah I think so you have Ketone salts you have Ketone Esters you could also have a glycerol Trieste or acetoacetate or beta hydroxybutyrate and then you have uh the free acid form of beta hydroxybutyrate which is usually sold in like a in like a liquid medium and then one three butane dial which is kind of being sold as a ketone Ester but it's really not it's a it's a ketogenic dye alcohol and then you have something called uh medium chain triglycerides which is caprylic or capric triglyceride which is a C8 or C10 uh ketogenic fat so all these things are out there we I'm kind of agnostic to all them but they're all tools in the toolbox and what we do is we take and then we have you know a whole library of like dozens of different keto molecules but these are like the basics ones that I mentioning that I think all are commercially available that I just mentioned but we like to formulate them and titrate them and use them in different animal models of disease and also different scenarios for performance right or different operational activities and I think this is a very nascent area of research that I got into God like 15 years ago and I was like the kind of people thought that like I started this research but Dr vitra is doing it for a long time and many people were doing it they just weren't very public about it uh but I did maybe kick it off in different directions right so like we're studying probably a dozen or more different applications of therapeutic ketosis and I do think there's tremendous potential therapeutically but also for health optimization and then prevention of certain disease States including insulin resistance type 2 diabetes things like that and does do you are you do you believe that in order to improve metabolic flexibility sustainably for the long term that people should in fact try to change their lifestyle and their diet uh rather than just kind of adding in ketos and helping for the best like for the average person are you more yeah are you more for a lifestyle change rather than adding and adding those in what's the what's the difference there like what are you potentially taking away from if you just take the ketones and cross your fingers versus actually challenging your body to do this endogenously you know naturally yeah well I don't I you know obviously I'm not one or the other I'm a huge fan of the diet actually my original proposals to the Department of Defense was the ketogenic diet and there was a lot of pushback about you can't give a Warfighter a high fat diet they're not going to adapt it's going to be you know cardiovascular risks all those things so they basically tasked me and said well go back to the drawing board and come up with some kind of ketogenic strategy which is a ketogenic diet and a pill right so I looked into that and one of the first things that came across you know through PubMed and searching this was two deoxy glucose so 2dioxic glucose is a hexokinase inhibitor so by inhibiting glycolysis then you're forcing the mitochondria to you know inhibit glycolysis and then burn fatty acids for fuel it is actually it's being used in in seizure studies so it accelerates the body's adaptation response to ketones in a way yeah almost like an sglt2 inhibitor right so by eliminating glucose you limit glucose availability and simply by doing limiting glucose availability and uh lowering the the hormone insulin whenever you lower glucose availability or it's excretion then your insulin is going to be lower and the production of ketones or is tightly correlated with suppression of the hormone insulin and then there's some definitely some therapeutic benefits especially in people with hyperinsulinemia or type 2 diabetes so uh you know you know I don't want to get too much on a tangent but it was like you know we had to search for ways to produce therapeutic ketosis and what we have shown is that you can put animals on a standard diet high carbohydrate diet do a an intergastric gavage of ketones and then you do get remarkable effects on glycemic control on seizure uh actually some cancer models show show benefits so I was skeptical that this was going to be the case I talked to uh Dr Richard Veitch at the time and you'd always call me stupid he's like no stupid your body can use ketones we're like genetically designed and through periods of fasting that the metabolic Machinery is there to use ketones anytime because I was under the impression that you follow ketogenic diet and over a period of time you adapt to it uh but he was very adamant of course you know he had many patents and the Ketone Ester too even before I was tinkering with this stuff but he was very adamant that you could just drink ketones and then get the metabolic benefits of ketones and I was very skeptical so uh and some of the initial studies in our lab showed no if actually some animals were seizing faster and I was like I I don't think this is going to work and then then I talked to a person that was running the NIH metabolomics core and he was kind of convincing me that you know you need to have a redox balance in the brain and you have to deliver the ketones on your certain ratios so I had a very difficult time finding someone to make this particular Ketone Ester so I reached out to a chemist who had like a very had a very interesting background in designing molecules for performance enhancement right so a very well-known chemist so in that field not in Academia so but he was able to make long story he was able to synthesize this particular Ketone molecule that would Elevate beta hydroxybutyrate in acetino acidate and then our very our very first experiment the animals had amazing resilience to hyperoxic stress and then we ended up using this in a variety of different studies so the the message here is that not all ketones are created equal certain ketones will have favorable effects in disease models and some disease models and some disease models may have no effect actually maybe do more harm than good so we really do and I actually believe Ketone Esters should kind of be a drug we've killed a lot of animals unfortunately and I don't want to make light of the situation but you could quickly kill an animal by not even injecting an IP but actually doing an intra gastric gavage of like beta hydroxybutyrate well monoester one three butane dial or the diastere especially these things are very potent and you have runaway ketosis and you you can't have respiratory or renal compensation with the levels of ketones that you produce the the auto regulatory mechanisms are just completely overwhelmed and the animal will die of of ketoacidosis so the this occurs especially in mice because their metabolism so fast about seven times faster but also in rats to so we observe it so it actually made me very cautious in regard to and I've probably consumed more exogenous ketones than anyone on the planet and I have I have the utmost confidence saying that I've had many gallons of Ketone Esters go through me and buried a wide array of different experimental molecules you know in testing but I you know I test in very small dosages and I do blood work and things like that so I do it in a very methodical controlled fashion but I it's given me an appreciation for for things that they can do and things that they can't do and also some of the harm that they could cause too so we're very cautious when uh I talk about the research and the and the extrapolated implications for for humans using this stuff I do think there needs to be some regulation not so much with the Ketone electrolyte salts or like MCT oils or things like that but or even the free acid because it's kind of a ketone electrolyte salt will be self-limiting just based upon the mineral load like your GI can only absorb so much right so Ketone Esters will dose dependently put you into ketoacidosis so you have to be uh you the volume has to be pretty high you know to do that but but these things are you know I know people are experimenting with them out there and typically what will happen is you'll just start throwing up you know if you take too much of a ketone Ester even one three butane dial but but I caution people you know because I get so many questions uh from people using it for applications that don't necessarily you know study but uh but I do think it's a very nascent area of research and I do think you're you're keep an eye on this because uh 10 years ago you go on PubMed or you go on clinicaltrials.gov let's use clinicaltrops.gov and you type in Ketone supplement and you might have like three studies you go to clinicaltrials.gov right now type in Ketone supplement you're going to have like a hundred studies if you go to PubMed and type it in you're going to see an exponential rise in studies on this like just for example cancer like 10 years ago if you type in cancer Ketone even ketogenic diet and clinicaltrials.gov you might have two studies now there's something like 48 studies and that's cancer that's like something that's kind of marginalized you know and uh and I I think the ketogenic diet can be a great adjuvant it could help things like pi3 kinase Inhibitors work better because you have a counter regulatory elevation insulin when you use these drugs so I think I think they could augment certain metabolic-based pharmaceutical Therapies I think that's a fascinating area of research also coupling ketosis with checkpoint Inhibitors and I think is a very uh fruitful area of research I think a lot needs to be done in that area and also things like Parkinson's disease Alzheimer's disease you know oxidative stress in the brain is driving it and ketones for example like with Parkinson's disease monoamine oxidase can drive especially if you have high levels of iron and some people have higher levels of iron for example in this substantia Niagara that could drive the Fenton reaction and then you know people can get those neurons are selectively vulnerable to oxidative stress and a lot of work has been done in cell-based systems and animal models to show that ketones are neuroprotective and especially for oxidative stress conditions so I actually have a uh an anecdote that I want to share with you about this but before I get there you keep mentioning uh seizures and my question for you is you know what is the underlying mechanism there as to how ketos can support that because what I want people to understand here is that it's not like you're not going to see a benefit if you don't suffer with seizures it's just like that's the proof in the pudding that something's working properly so what can we say about the underlying mechanism that anyone can appreciate from that perspective whether they have seizures or not yeah good question um the etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown and it's multifactorial right so kind of the same could be said for Alzheimer's although some people may debate that so let's talk about seizure so seizures could be caused by I mean we study seizures from glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome right so that's like you they're lacking the glut 1 transporter at the blood-brain barrier so their brain is starved of energy and that triggers seizures and then when the child is put into ketosis with a ketogenic diet uh the ketones then restore brain energy metabolism and that suppresses the seizures however some people have I mean there's so many different reasons that you could have a channelopathy like a potassium channel that doesn't uh you know when potassium channels close then uh that actually caused the membrane potential depolarization right so you could have that so you could interestingly I think the important thing is that independent of the etiology ketogenic diet therapy controls seizures like temporal lobe seizures absence seizures uh Lennox Gusto dravay uh syndrome uh a wide variety we study Kabuki syndrome we study pump syndrome we study Angelman syndrome like we study all these different things and the ketogenic diet has very remarkable anti-epileptic neuroprotective effects independent of the etiology of the seizure and that's that's like really incredibly remarkable to me that's what brought me to it also what brought me to it was the Hollywood producer Jim Abrams of the Charlie foundation and the movie he did with Meryl Streep so Meryl Streep did a movie about the ketogenic diet it's called first Do no harm and I watched this and I was like Wow and I started digging in and then I discovered the center of Johns Hopkins John Freeman the late John Freeman at the time he passed away in 2012 but uh uh his uh Protege is Dr Eric kossoff who runs the neurology epilepsy clinic at Johns Hopkins and Eric kossoff wrote a book called the ketogenic diet for Pediatric epilepsy now it's called the ketogenic diet for Pediatric pediatric epilepsy and other disorders and he's actually it's proven to be efficacious for adults with epilepsy two um so so I'm it's a long-winded answer to your your ads like what is the what's causing epilepsy we don't know but then again the ketogenic diet doesn't work through a single mechanism it works through many different mechanisms in Synergy so it lowers reactive oxygen species it changes the bioenergetic energy production in the brain it stimulates glutamic acid decarboxylase which converts more glutamate to Gaba it works a big part of what we do research on is adenosine receptor signaling it's a adenosine it inhibits the nlrp3 inflammazone so when that gets activated things like il1 beta go up uh and a big part of what we're doing now is actually looking at beta hydroxybutylation so so ketones so the metabolic control of epigenetics is pretty robust so lactate can actually influence epigenetics so beta hydroxybutyrate can influence different enzymes called histone the acetylases and through hdac inhibition they could alter genetic programs and have epigenetic effects and then through beta hydroxybutylation the beta hydroxybutyrate can directly interact with the histones and alter gene expression in ways that are neuroprotected and even anticonvulsant so we're studying that in the context of Kabuki syndrome right now it's a PhD dissertation project to one of my students if you look at ketosis as having being involved in all these different mechanisms and those mechanisms having all these benefits can you make the argument that lifestyle change therefore gives you more benefits than exogenous supplementation does the exogenous implementation work through these mechanisms the same way that lifestyle change does there are overlap it's a good question I get this a lot and it's like the obvious question too right and it deserves a very very thorough answer right like your question is a very good one and it deserves an incredibly nuanced articulate answer but the reality is that we do not have the human outcome data uh for me to even speculate on that so I was just blown away that you could actually like gavage you could you could give animals straight up ketones and have all these effects like I was just I was like no let's do this over again let's do this over again well because too the I guess it was more convincing to me because the first experiments didn't work you know the Ketone the beta hydroxybutyrate monoester did not work with seizures but I think it has other applications that are very remarkable uh so I became like a true I was like okay I knew it I'm not going to get funding for this project and then then we went in another Direction uh so I I have an immense appreciation for the potential to acutely alter energy metabolism and the potential therapeutic effects and also performance effects that you could but if you from an evolutionary perspective the only way that we could get into that level of ketosis is like fasting seven to ten days right so I could administer a ketone Ester I could pull blood on you and it looks like you fasted for a week which is pretty remarkable uh and so the obvious question is that if you're eating a normal diet and then you ingest these ketones like where does the glucose go and where you know and that's I think this is a really important conversation what I'm about to say right now so I think high doses of exogenous ketones can cause energy toxicity and this can do more harm than good and I think that's an important message for people who are consuming exogenous ketones trying to get to like chasing Ketone levels trying to get to three four five millimolar your body is not going to be able to use that unless you're like doing an all-out Sprint or something like if you're just sitting at your desk and elevating your ketones even two to three millimolar your body is working to get rid of those things it's creating a metabolic acidosis and through renal compensation you have to eliminate these things through ketoneuria but I think actually more importantly we eliminate these things by counter regulatory mechanisms so there's ketoneuria but also as ketones Elevate the ketones cause the pancreas to release some insulin and then the insulin shuts off lipolysis and also shuts off the ketogenesis and that's a negative effect of using Ketone Esters so I just presented some data on Ketone salts and Ketone Esters and if you take a ketone Ester and shoot your Ketone levels up a Delta of two millimolar it causes an increase in insulin if you get the same level of elevation of beta hydroxybutary with a ketone electrolyte salt that's balanced electrolytes you get the benefits of the ketones in circulation but it doesn't trigger the counter-regulatory Ketone induced insulin release from the pancreas and even glucagon we measure glucon doesn't really change that much so but if you go higher than that than you do so I would I'm I'm and I've had to change my tune on this a lot uh but I do think you know for certain therapeutic applications you may need to go to three to four even five millimolar per glut 1D for example so my recommendation would be to use a ketone electrolyte get no more than one millimolar somewhere like one is kind of like 1.5 to 1 is kind of the sweet spot for me stay between one and two and that way you're not triggering an increase in insulin so I have a whole whole stack here of insulin tests and a lot of people don't measure insulin uh but it's something I've measured like hundreds if not thousands of times and and coupling that with my CGM my continuous glucose monitor and that gives me a lot of insight into you know uh how macronutrients impact uh my insulin is always pretty low like three to four but if I take a dose of Ketone Esters it can shoot up to six to eight right which is still not bad I mean you know we do studies where we have people with insulin that's like 30 one guy's a hundred so and he's you know he observably has no overt really you know negative effects that we can see but uh but you don't if you want to be in a fat burning mode if you want to be have maximal metabolic flexibility you want to be able to use metabolic substrates without triggering a counter regulatory physiological response and my background trained uh in as physiologists so I was trained by an APS you know physiologist who is like the dean of research at Rutgers University and she really instilled in me like Neuroscience could be important but you need to understand physiology so she would drill in you know systems physiology mammalian physiology so I always view metabolism a lot of people who train in nutrition just basically get they it's they're like nutrition biochemists but I believe that if we really fundamentally want to understand nutrition we have to understand nutrition physiology that is the most important thing and then so I first learned physiology uh through medical school and then PhD training and then uh and then did my PhD dissertation work in Neuroscience doing patch clamp electrophysiology actually wholesale perforated patch clamp electrophysiology where you record from neurons in a special way using Nystatin and then you actually can feed the neurons different types of energy sources and then you basically look to see how they respond under different levels of oxygen and doing that work with hypoxia gave me an appreciation for I never really thought about what my brain is using for fuel right or that it could use anything other than glucose uh in grad school in my postdoc I was really mostly dialed in on lactate you know developing ways to increase lactate production but then I got steered into ketones so I do think there's tremendous applications for creating formulations that are alternative energy sources that people can use you know and there's things that are commercially available creatine monohydrate you know uh different amino acids uh Alpha L polylactate different Ketone formulations that I talked about so these are like the low-hanging fruit that people can purchase they're relatively inexpensive I think if you're just going to Tinker with them and then add them to your regi there's not going to be any randomized clinical trials soon right so you have to be your n of one data so it goes back to this idea of getting as much Baseline data as possible if you're one of these people who really want to optimize their performance and and health longevity too and so what you're describing here is that essentially there's a there's a trade-off if you take something like you know straight Ketone just straight let's say you know beta hydroxybutyrate et cetera and so it do you believe that high performers can get away with the occasional supplementation or something that brings their ketones way up just for like a one-off event and then let's say otherwise just taking a ketone salt or going by endogenous means to establish ketosis is that do you think I think they could get away with it I just don't think you know they have to do the measurements to show if it's going to be optimal or not is it increasing their performance I think it has an equally high potential chance for decreasing performance right uh you know we've dosed animals in ways that decrease their performance if you hit the sweet spot you know so I encourage people to experiment with them uh like I said we we always study therapeutic ketosis in the context of a disease process or a significant decrement so that could be an extreme environment you know an impairment of a metabolic process we're doing glycogen storage disease type 2 right now and you know seeing some interesting data from that so uh I'd really I think there are other things out there too that if you're dialed in on performance that could be worth it uh but I just think I I do think potentially that throwing in a large dose of a ketone Ester that's going to put a metabolic strain on your body uh you know because your body has to uh if if your energy output is coupled with your intake that could but if you have an energy toxicity so it does take some time for your liver to metabolize and when you're exercising really hard a lot of the blood flow is kind of limited to the organs and goes to your muscles so that's in some ways like limiting hepatic uh metabolism uh you know I'll say this we I don't think we publish this but you know we gavage rats Sprague Dolly and Fisher rats for periods of time and then we take out all the livers and then we do you know uh histology on the liver we we see signs of liver toxicity when we feed these things over long periods of time so there's like more red blood cells in the liver and then the precursors of you know just some mild maybe necrotic pre-necrotic events and that always concerned me and that's why you know I have in my refrigerator and in my day like I have tons of Ketone Esters but I don't use them so I I default to uh to Ketone electrolytes even when I have all the options right I mean part of it's kind of like taste too right um oh yeah so the beta oxibutorate is nasty yeah yeah it's kind of nut it says one three butane dial they're never I'll tell you I mean I've been in this world for you know almost two decades now I don't think they're ever gonna flavor you can put it like I have capsules made that we're using in a clinical trial and that's you need to do that if you have a you need to have a control right so we have like just a vegetable oil as a control uh we had not seed oil we used not that I had like a big fan of like you know dizzing seed oils but I think we use like light olive oil instead of like you know a seed oil uh but yeah so we have to when we do studies we have to put these things in capsules or otherwise you know our participants are not going to consume and uh back to this uh anecdote that I wanted to share with you you mentioned how this can be promising for things like you know Parkinson's and Alzheimer's um I actually did a genetic test and I do blood regularly and I found that um I actually have a genetic predisposition for Parkinson's and I have a genetic predispositions for hemochromatosis so I store too much iron on top of that I have an early diagnosis of ADD and I took medication for it for years and this is actually how I fell in love with all this science because I wanted to you know support my body and be authentic in my ability and um I found that fasting has helped me tremendously um I found that you know uh fasting mimicking diet so a generally low carb sometimes often ketogenic especially on like rest days uh low carb diet and I've also found that if I take you know ketones either right before bed or before a podcast like this that my mental acuity and my mental endurance in a way is is enhanced now I don't know how much of this is Placebo I don't know how much of this is actually warranted mechanistically and can be supported by research but do you think that generally someone like me is headed in the right direction with these predispositions by using both the lifestyle and the ketones together absolutely I think it needs to be a combination of two I also think the two are kind of synergistic so like one and one equals three right so you're doing like an exercise intervention you know just lifestyle diet and then also supplements and uh I don't know what am I taking here oh so yeah I use this product called a keto start which is a ketone electrolyte and um I got an email the other day remind because you just mentioned ADHD someone said this is I got off Adderall and this the keto star is my new Adderall so the keto start plus has caffeine but it's only like 60 milligrams so it's probably not the caffeine but I have people that reach out to me and said I have many people reach out to me and said I got got off these ADHD medications and like Adderall basically like I don't know if butane is basically amphetamine right yeah I know for 10 years over 10 years wow until I was 18 I'm 26 now I've been off it for eight years and through lifestyle change I've accomplished more than I ever would on Adderall oh that's amazing you know when I first met and you probably know him Lane Norton he's a good one of course he's actually coming over this weekend we're gonna hang out but uh but when we met he I think he was just like getting off Adderall or I'd just gotten off of it and it was yeah I I know he's suffering with ADD actually I actually have a podcast coming up with him in a few in a few months okay I wanted to talk about you know this stuff with him I don't know if that's public knowledge but now it is I guess but uh but I you know I think he's pretty yeah I think he's he's been talking about it online yeah he's talked about it yeah he might have not talk about Adderall but he at the time and I didn't know what Adderall was and I looked it up because I was asking about ephedrine right and I was like yeah I'm cutting I'm thinking about using like ephedrine caffeine stack and I was like have you ever tried a bedroom and yeah I was using like small dosages this is when you could get ephedrine this is like this was a long time ago when we met he was like a grad student at the time maybe your post yeah he was a grad student uh and uh now he's like Dom I'm on it you know I I was on Adderall I got off Adderall and I was like I didn't know exactly what it was and I looked it up and I'm like damn it is amphetamine oh my gosh yeah and I just mentioned that because I've gotten many emails especially over the last five years about people some of them on the diet but actually it's been more so that they're taking the Ketone supplements and it's helped their focus and they've been able to whether they have a preconceived idea that this is going to help me and then they do it and then they believe it uh but I do I didn't expect it yeah maybe they didn't and I do feel when I when I when my ketones get up a little bit too high I almost feel a little bit too stimulated so that's why two I just dial it back like right now I'm sitting at like 1.5 millimeter and that's kind of like my sweet sweet spot if I get a little bit higher especially this time of day I start to get a little bit too hyper but uh but I learned to sort of adjust it but I've also I also supplement ketones because if I follow a very strict ketogenic diet my APO B and my LDL become elevated and I do not I know this is a pretty a big topic on uh like in Twitter and on online about you know the lean mass hyper responders and but I'm of the opinion that if I could just add a little bit of carbohydrates in and form us some fruit maybe some vegetables and things like that and it makes me in my protein level is too it's kind of high and it kind of keeps me out of ketosis but then I just add some MCT or just some Ketone supplements throughout the day so I stay in a state of mild ketosis and get all the benefits from the phytonutrients from the fiber for me that's optimal uh some people you know on a carnivore and they you know or on a strict ketogenic diet and they are of the opinion that they don't want to supplement even something like MCT but I I do believe in studying this and communicating with hundreds if not thousands of people I think the ideal diet if I just have to like one diet it's kind of a low carb Mediterranean diet that's low in carbs enough especially that if you do some intermittent fasting that your ketones start to get elevated a little bit and then you just you just kind of top off the tank a little bit and do some finishing touches with a little bit of exogenous ketones periodically and I've experimented with so many different approaches and that's really what works for me and my lifestyle and many people that I consult with yeah and and I know this is anecdotal and uh I want to make sure that we stick to the research but I want to show from our experience how helpful it will be for folks tuning in to tests not guests and to see what works for them and in my case um you know I'll add these things in strategically I try to match my carbon dictate to my activity levels but I and I actually experimented for a while I was fasting every single day like 16 18 hours and I followed a very low carbohydrate diet I did some testing and what I found was that my free testosterone went down my sex hormone binding globulin went up so I had less free testosterone and my CRP was a little elevated so I was overdoing there's a point where I was over doing the the ketosis um and interestingly enough I wanted to ask you about was your weight stable did you lose weight during that because any kind of caloric deficit will lower testosterone and also maybe Elevate USB uh but the other thing the hscrp yeah that's kind of surprising especially mine's always like 0.1 it was an HS or non-detective yeah it was just CRP it was just CRP okay yeah yeah and I did lose a little bit of weight so do you know what your Bible was yeah I can't remember my sexual buying globulin was like 60 something it was pretty high yeah that sounds that sounds kind of high yeah my testosterone is always like uh you know I don't know people say you should supplement here and there I take DHEA and that brings my testosterone from like 400 my testosterone has never really been too high until like 500 if I do like the test like an hour after but I feel like my Androgen receptor density must be high or something because you know I can keep like 225 I'm like six foot it's just as long as I keep my protein levels up high and things like that but I've been down to like my testosterone 290 if I'm do a strict keto and I'm losing weight but then if I go back to like a eucaloric diet or titrate in more protein and calories then it starts to get you know back up into the mid even mid to Upper range a little bit like super well rested and getting in like Surplus calories things like that then right so it's not so much the amount it's also the Androgen receptor density so that of what you have in the body you can actually you know use it um interesting and then uh I did lose you know I did lose some some weight but I think strategically adding in you know carbs especially surrounding activity was very helpful um and I want to ask you about uh ketones before bed because I noticed I do track my you know my my Biometrics with a clinical grade wearable device I use either the aura or the bio strap or whoop or sometimes all of them if I want to get fancy with it and what I've noticed is on nights where I anticipate less sleep this is actually this is something I discovered by accident I for whatever reason I took ketones late at night and I got like six hours typically I got seven and a half eight my HRV skyrocketed and I woke up feeling super refreshed and actually repeated this and now anytime I can I can only afford a few hours actually take the ketones in so I started thinking about this I'm like what's happening I actually noticed my respiratory rate went down so I my hypothesis is well maybe because I was in metabolic ketosis and I shifted the respiratory quotient all of a sudden I am breathing less my there's less sympathetic activity and as you've described there and maybe this is I might be going over the top here but maybe there's an adaptogenic effect again like the gabaergic effect the ketones can facilitate sleep and can further the the parasympathetic activity I these are all very interesting and well thought out like hypotheses that should get could be tested uh there's something called obesity hypoventilation syndrome that people have there's a guy at Johns Hopkins uh Jonathan June I think that studies it and it is interesting there's data from the GPR 109a receptor which is actually the receptor for ketones and when you hit that it actually can suppress sympathetic activation or how actually reduce sympathetic tone so yeah there are you know ketones are kind of almost like a hormone like you know your liver makes it and it gets into circulation and then we have Ketone receptors right uh that receptor when it's activated it decreases sympathetic activity and I actually think that when people when during starvation or during extended fasting when your ketones are elevated there's a pretty sharp reduction after about a week or so in your metabolism and that's partly due to your sympathetic nervous system being suppressed right and then your body temperature starts to go down uh when you do this and I fasted for a week no more than that but you your anxiety levels are like you have like no anxiety like things that would typically trigger like an anxious response in me it's almost like I took a big beta blocker or something like that like I have no uh in many ways I feel emotionally kind of flat until you know I jump start my metabolism back again but there is a remarkable suppression in sympathetic activity and actually an increase in parasympathetic tone with ketosis this has been observed it's been talked about uh but you know some people typically when Publications are written about this it's in the context of an energy deficit so is it the ketones or is it you know just the state of being a calorically restricted when amp kinase is activated mtor goes down like all these different Pathways the insulin igf-1 you know a lot of things are altered in ways that could decrease sympathetic tone but but then you have sympathetic tone goes down but also parasympathetic tone and that's like independent from exercise so that's the only thing I know other than exercise that will sharply like within a week I mean you have to fast but but I guess no one's really done that with exogenous ketones that would be a very interesting study actually we could do that because we measure we do you guys do that I'd love to join you and maybe in the last subject yeah yeah yeah actually no that that's actually a really good thought for a study it's it's something that I've thought about a lot but I tend to think that it's probably mostly attributed to just creating a calorie deficit right I think that's the big driver for suppressing sympathetic tone and um it's almost part of the starvation response I I remember you know anyone like actually if you talk to Lane even about when he was dieting for a competition I remember him telling me he was always cold and I remember he had he was pretty much at the end of his dieting phase when I uh we were somewhere and I was stabbing his finger to get his blood measurements and measure his ketones and he was in this is back in like a long time ago and I remember just remember him saying that you know he was kind of always cold and it was like his speech was even slurred a little bit oh yeah you know which is odd for Lane right but he was like shredded Beyond I mean his his skin was like tissue paper thin at the time so he was at like he was at that point where most people would have stopped a month ago dieting like he was just you know doing that and uh yeah it does you get a pretty profound suppression of your sympathetic nervous system when you diet for and that's that's not in ketosis so he was just his ketones were not very high that was just from a calorie you know calorie deficit we'll we'll do that but I do think that we do know that ketones uh stimulate that receptor that suppresses the sympathetic tone so there could be a ketone dependent effect there and that combined with the gabaergic effect that you described earlier yeah yep yep and that's a real effect actually uh there was literature in humans on a ketogenic diet and then we did a study in an Angelman syndrome Mouse model doing the Ketone Ester and saw we looked at Gad 65 and Gad 67. yeah and those uh uh we just did like a PCR and there's proteins are those you know go up we did westerns for them and their proteins go up and and that's like in two to four weeks you get a pretty big increase in the mechanism or the enzymes that convert the glutamate to Gaba and then um if you did our metabolomic studies too showed uh what what we shared with that glutamate levels don't change you just get a more of a conversion to Gaba and I think that could be therapeutic especially in the context of most neurodegenerative diseases I actually I would say all neurodegenerative diseases are pathophysiologically linked to glutamate hyper excitability or excess glutamate even even Alzheimer's disease which you would think is like there would be less neurotransmitters but there's actually excess glutamate hyper excitability with Alzheimer's disease but traumatic brain injury Parkinson's disease ALS all these different disorders so uh so yeah being able to convert more of that glutamate to Gaba can be therapeutic in a lot of different ways it may contribute to the anxiolytic effect of ketosis which has been observed Even in our studies my my wife is a behavioral neuroscientist she trained in in uh Hungary at summer Weiss University but she uh when she started doing research for us for me in our lab she was gavaging the animals before the seizures and was saying they're much more easier to hold they're much more calm and she was like well we need to do a study on Behavior I wasn't interested in anxiety at the time but we were able to get the equipment the elevated plus Maze and some other things and they had it had a very robust acutely administering ketones and then you put the the rats on an elevated plus maze it's almost like giving them Xanax like they actually spend considerably more time in the open arm uh they're much more social they have less of a exaggerated fear response uh Their Fear responses not triggered as much um so yeah that was we studied we published a series of studies 2016 and then we actually looked at the mechanism uh there was a suggestion that there's an adenosinergic mechanism uh came into play there but also Gala too wow that's fascinating um I'd love to dig into some of those studies and uh and just just check him out and see what I can take away I'm not I'm I'm not a rat but I would I'd love to see how I can maybe uh you know occasionally modify anxiety or even share that with my with my with my community um and I I wanted to ask you here about it you know let's something like fasting or therapeutic ketosis the influence it has on you know bdnf and and kreb in the brain for memory to mental performance and uh degenerative disease prevention uh I've looked at some studies that show that you know fasting for at least 14 hours or so um you get this you know intermittent metabolic uh uh uh shift and how that'll that's really what uh you know it upregulates cred and bdnf in the brain and um I just wanted to get some of your thoughts there you know what can what can be said about fasting and ketosis for memory and and uh and mental performance yeah yeah two things that elevate uh bdnf that I'm aware of are you know aerobic exercise like hard aerobic exercise will Elevate circulating be uh brain derived neurotrophic factor and then uh actually circulating bdnf in blood is fairly correlated with brain bdnf so if you do a blood draw measure bdnf so you can do it that way and then uh so the the authority on this the person who has published that was put on my radar in 2007 or 2006 was Dr Mark Matson and Mark matson's uh he was at the National Institutes of Health I believe he's still there uh I actually interviewed Mark Matson for stem Talk podcast when I used to be the host of the podcast for institute for human and machine cognition ihmc but we delved into this this topic of ketosis fasting and bdnf uh because he published a paper that got me very interested that you know showing fasting dramatically increases bdnf and other factors that could enhance learning memory what we call long-term potentiation uh but he had another study that came out that indicated that the elevation in bdnf from fasting was due to Beta hydroxybutyrate and the mechanisms from my understanding have not been worked out specifically how beta hydroxybutyrate is stimulating you know circulating bdnf to go up but uh the work is and there's it could be multifactorial not maybe not a single mechanism but the general consensus is that fasting and we at least from the Matson uh body of literature which is quite uh quite robust he's got a lot of Publications on this is that fasting induced elevation of ketones uh the ketones are contributing to the elevation of bdnf but I do not think that that has been replicated for example with ketogenic diets or exogenous ketones and I believe I I've looked into this and I just haven't seen that connection there but I do think that uh he believes in that there's research to indicate that fast bdnf elevated by fasting and exercise uh is associated uh correlated with uh beta hydroxybutyrate so maybe beta hydroxybutyrate is just a good indication it's almost like a biomarker that you fasted for a period of time and of course you know high performance Elite level athletes are always getting into ketosis so especially like cyclists that go for four to six to eight hours on a cycle they deplete all their liver glycogen and then their you know mobilizing fatty acids for fuels and they they have post exercise ketosis all the time so uh so that's that could be contributing to that but uh it exercise is the best tool that we have for bringing Health that and then fasting you know maybe exercise coupled with fasting I know Mark Matson likes to go for like running on Trails which is very uh activates your sensory and you have to you know stability and it just it's very there's a little very like sensory overload running through the woods which is I'm kind of getting into now uh if doing that in a fasted state so exercise in a fasted state in an enriched environment is what he does and I tend to be inclined to follow what he does is probably be the the best thing to stimulate you know brain health and bdnf and uh you know this is something that then drives neurogenesis neuroplasticity synaptogenesis so I like to believe that a lot of the fasting that I did over the years has helped me get my brain to where it is today because I depended on you know exogenous you know medication to to to get by in school um and uh you know I curiously I um I'm interested to get your take on what this means for women because I know fasting is just you know women are heavily underrepresented in the research so do women need to take are you versed in how women can approach this based on let's say where they are in their female barrier them or in their cycle uh you know what can they do to get the benefits without neglecting their unique physiology yeah there's no reason women can't get benefits from a low-carb diet they need to be more cautious When approaching like a what I call a prescription ketogenic diet so a ketogenic diet that's quote unquote prescription strength meaning that it mimics what's used clinically uh can cause amenorrhea so there's you know if you look at the literature for epilepsy and Adolescent uh girls there's about a five-fold increase in amenorrhea on girls and that could be there could be a factor of some of the anti-epileptic drugs it's a little bit debated but uh but from my perspective as a physiologist I think the the problems that women can have with low carb diets or ketogenic diets is that the Restriction in protein can alter insulin and Insulin signaling and other metabolic signaling and hormones in ways that could cause amenorrhea but typically and this comes from probably a decade and a half of getting hundreds of emails from women who sending me their blood work and then when I when I probe and ask questions it's like you know they've they're following a diet and then they start a low carb ketogenic diet and then they couple that and then they ramp up their exercise when they're starting their cutting phase or their preparation for an event for a marathon or something like that so it's like you get a double whammy of caloric restriction carbohydrate restriction and coupled with over exercising so that's a that'll put them on a fast track for amenorrhea and not always the case I mean some women are weight stable they're using it for polycystic ovary syndrome or something like that and and maybe having good success with that but in some women like in PCOS sometimes it restores their their cycle and actually balances their hormones uh but women's physiology are more reactive I would say to perturbations in metabolic control or energy status so it's going to perceive an energy deficit and have a reactionary effect you know and that could be uh amenorrhea it could be in women that have been in our lab that tried fasting they actually like they faint or they borderline faint I remember they just have a much more difficult time and I don't know if it's males it just it's kind of like an ego thing or whatever that they can push through it or but I do think males are kind of set up metabolically to uh to basically push through fasting easier uh and women have maybe it's just their blood volume collapses and just through the diuretic naturetic effect they become hypovolemic and they they faint and you know but I really push that you need to get hydration you need to get electrolytes you need to get sodium in things like that uh my wife does not follow a ketogenic diet she can fast for a day but then you know she doesn't like to do that so she does quite well with carbs and uh she probably eats less than since we've been together uh uh but she does communicate with people you know women that that are following ketogenic diets and I just think uh women need to be more cautious with the implementation of a ketogenic diet and it's better to transition if they're not you know you're treating epilepsy or something like that and I've talked to Dr Allison Hall who's one of our clinicians for one of our clinical trial that she's had a lot of success treating like ten thousand you know treating thousands of women uh by uh gradually introducing it over six weeks that you have to do this for long-term sustainment a lot of times it just you fail miserably if you don't have a transitional period so her experience in treating thousands of patients is really says it's super important especially for women to have that six week transitional phase wow and uh I know we can have the whole podcast set aside for just this topic um but I just want to have I have one more question for you I know we're super short on time we're pretty much out of um my last question for you here is you know what are some of the things that you've learned just generally from working with these Elite populations that you think everyone should either dive into learn a little more about or incorporate in their own you know uh Lifestyles or approach to health and well-being you know what are some things have you learned that you think everyone should know about their physiology yeah good question you know if I had to say that I would everybody is a is a very unique metabolic entity and uh and that's there's a lot of there's different hierarchies of you know of research and so I think the N of one is probably one of the best right there's like cohort studies there's case studies but I think the end of one where you're your own control is super important so that's why I would really emphasize that people get Baseline to understand where they're at from metabolic Health perspective from body composition perspective and from a what I call functional biomarker perspective you know like how many push-ups can you do what's your VO2 max what how fast can you run a mile and then from there start implementing you know dietary or supplement protocols that are backed by science and I mean there's some emerging science that we don't have rcts yet right so you want to like ketones for example so you want to delve into that cautiously in a way that you're not going to do any harm but I think from a physiology from speaking as a physiologist we have to know our physiology and that that actually comes back to measuring and I think the more documentation you have now especially for guys and girls out there in their 20s and 30s trust me when you're when you're approaching 50 that date is like gold because that becomes the motivating factor for when you see your body composition change once you you know when your 20s and 30s it's pretty easy to put on muscle and keep it but once you're approaching 50 I mean you got to really work hard and then that data will become the motivating factor for a healthy longevity so so yeah so keep your blood work you know optimize and also if your approach in your training I always did like a linear periodization power lifting template and I thought that was super important for me probably one of the biggest factors in my success in like PhD and just in Academia and in just my fitness goals has been keeping a journal so keeping a journal writing all these biomarkers down writing all my weights down you know and you don't have to get too technical about it you could just write down you know how many grams of protein or how many total calories or but you know I'm gonna work out today and I already wrote down the sets that I'm going to do so I already know in advance what I got to do and it's like you know I'll do that in the morning and then all day in my mind it's like okay yeah 500 for six if I'm gonna say like it'll I'll have the the set in my head the weight that I'll know what the weight feels like and I'll just run it through my head all day you know during different periods so I just pre-program myself to do what I need to do that day and I think that becomes a really important tool and I know Tim Ferriss was really big on that too I remember him mentioning and I have a stack of training Journal a stack of nutrition journals but I have my blood work and my physiology in there too so that's an important aspect of it wonderfully said that's absolutely wonderful and uh I think uh one of the the biggest things that I admire about you is not only do you have knowledge but you're out here busting 500 pounds for for multiple reps in the deadlift so you are you're living proof of uh you know the the how amazing it is to know your physio to apply this to challenge yourself to track every single step of the process you continue on this journey of optimization throughout your life um and I do I'm a fan of Tim Ferriss um anyway uh Dominic this has been absolutely amazing I can't thank you enough for joining us and uh for standing for the research for standing for all the Nuance in the research and helping us you know find Our Truth and um hopefully I can be involved in uh in some future studies at some point I'd be absolutely amazing so thank you so much for your time yeah well I'll keep you up to date on that and also just you know want to direct people to if they have like questions about what I do ketonutrition.org is my website but I'm also a co-host for the metabolic link podcast and also the metabolic Health Summit which is going to be in Clearwater Florida January 25th to 28th I'll be there if you're interested in this topic yeah that'd be awesome to meet you in person and uh yeah just you know for your listeners out there it's going to be basic science clinical science but also human optimization and we're going to have you know a lot of networking opportunities too for people and they like that amazing thank you so much for sharing I'll link to this in the show notes great thank you awesome thanks for having me Andrew yep

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterz53: @58 I think maybe Dom missed the distinction about Free test vs total Testosterone.   I have high total test, but also have high SHBG and lower Free testosterone which I'm trying to deal with.  There's also some complexity in interpreting Free vs biologically available. In my case I think some of this effect is dietary as thee are a number of foods which can affect SHBG.  Still trying to sort.