- Stanford Keto Study is Revolutionizing Mental Health: Kind: captions Language: en metabolic health and mental health are inexorably linked this is a biological fact but one that's often underappreciated our brains are part of our body and although brain metabolism might seem like a black box it's concrete physical and the metabolism in our brain serves as the foundation for the stability of our minds in this video I want to tell you why I literally have Goosebumps after minutes ago reading a new study that just came out of Stanford by first author sethy at all about how ketogenic metabolic therapy can be used to treat mental illness I want to tell you why these results are so stunning but also unsurprising and why I think they are relevant to you welcome to my channel stay curious first for a little bit of background this paper is about people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder these are diseases with very high morbidity so there are about 24 million people living with schizophrenia and about 50 million living with bipolar disorder otherwise statistically framed in kind of a quirky way for every blue whale on the planet there is about or are about 7,500 people living with one of these mental health disorders and I frame it like that sometimes because it's a helpful memory trick and this is really a blue whale siiz problem with not only High morbidity and high mortality but not really many great treatment options a lot of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder are refractory to standard phical therapy and really without hope which is where metabolic therapy ketogenic diets might be coming into the picture metabolic health and mental health like I said in the intro are inexorably linked and there is reason to believe that metabolic therapy could help with these disorders first of all we see a tight association between things like metabolic syndrome and these mental health disorders also metabolic therapies ketogenic diets have been extremely effective for other disorders of the brain like epilepsy or even there are randomized control trials on Alzheimer disease so it stands to reason that it might help in various mental health conditions and indeed there are growing data on that idea and a growing field of metabolic Psychiatry which is arguing yeah especially for these patients who are refractory to standard therapy ketogenic diets metabolic therapy might be effective in treating things like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia but this new study really impressed me it included 21 participants overall who completed ketogenic diet therapy five had schizophrenia and 16 actually don't have that many fingers so I don't know why I was doing fingers had bipolar disorder again 21 completed the ketogenic diet therapy which was limited to 20 G of net carbs or less and ketones were measured throughout the study average age of the participants was 43.4 years 38% had prior suicide attempts and 81% had obesity and 29% had metabolic syndrome a constellation of features that suggest a really dysfunctional underlying systemic metabolism the results first focusing on the metabolic results were incredibly impressive they really amazed me 100% of those starting with metabolic syndrome had no metabolic syndrome by the end of the study fat Mass decreased massively average 17 lbs of fat Mass lost corresponding to a 3.4 absolute decrease in BMI level even cooler visceral fat that inflammatory fat that's kind of around your abdominal organs dropped by 27% with all Al reductions in inflammatory markers like hscrp and reductions in triglycerides in hir a marker of insulin resistance improved by 177% so across the board there were broad spectrum metabolic improvements but now getting on to the really exciting results the mental health results in terms of the mental health results clinical Global impression scale a marker of severity of mental illness improved by 31.2% with 33.2% improvements in depression and improvements in Sleep Quality anxiety and quality of life overall really there was just a massive Improvement in mental health scores corresponding with improvements in metabolic Health markers and of note of critical note these are the data all the numbers I've shared with you are the data for all 21 participants irrespective of Ketone levels achieved but among the 2/3 the 14 who had Ketone levels above .5 milles qualifying them for nutritional ketosis above 80% of checks results across the board were even more impressive so as an example there was a 36% drop in visceral fat among those 14 and 38% Improvement in severity of mental illness scores this is really incredible and emphasizes a potential dose response relationship which further helps support the idea of causality and is consistent with the view that the metabolic state of ketosis might actually be healing for metabolic health and mental health which again are inexorably linked so I hope you can see why I'm just so excited about these results why I have Goosebumps and in closing I just want to issue a thank you to the participants and the people who are supporting This research I think it's really important to appreciate the fact that there isn't much support much funding for studies on diet in general especially diet and mental health so studies like this are really really hard to conduct big Pharma isn't throwing money get them so we need generous people and you know for better or worse I don't want to say it's for the greater good or that I'm happy about you know past events but there are certain people with resources whose families have been affected I want to call out the bazooki family in particular if you haven't heard Matt bazuki story he's the the son of the family and he really struggled with bipolar disorder and has been a vocal Advocate about his journey and really helped to I think inspire people to do This research and the resources his family have provided to help do research like this it's just really it's really incredible it's what we need and while I wouldn't wish that sort of medical history on anyone it's really heartening to see what someone can do with their own experience and use it to help other people so they don't suffer and with that I actually do want to conclude with reading just some quotes because as part of this study I think the authors thought it was important to include quotes from some of the patients so you can hear what they have to say from the horse's mouth so I'm going to read a couple right now one patient said my opportunity to participate in the metabolic Psychiatry study transformed my life I gained knowledge became able-bodied again and my mood disorder and eating disorder symptoms lessened dramatically I became sexually active again for the first time in 16 years of celibacy a different patient said I can tell you that I have never felt better than I have since using ketosis it worked far better for me than lamote ever did lamot being a psychiatric medication so I hope you share this research I hope you share these data they're really impressive we need more of this and I am just so heartened that this research is being done again metabolic health and mental health they're inexorably linked our metabolic Health sets the foundation for a healthy mind I think that's a really important message to get across I hope you do [Music] too

  Top Comments:
  1. @jillhulbert2341 [3 likes]: Personally I had depression since 16 I'm 59 now keto is the only thing that I can only describe as waking up with joy
  2. @aor3220 [1 likes]: I've been on the keto diet for 5 weeks now and dont feel any improvement.  Im starting to doubt the hype
  3. @annaw812: Thank you for posting. My brother lost his battle. I'm  so glad they are doing more diet based research. I'm a nurse and hated how we barely went over nutrition. It's not just big pharma... it's the whole system. :( Things are looking better though lately!
  4. @aguy559: I wonder if benefits continued to accrue for those who stayed on it.
  5. @misi3360: My mental health problem has been a long standing Eating Disorder, which turned into a 'simple' food addiction (overeating). I did one year of carnivore, and regularly relapsed into a sugar binge. On the other hand, inspite of eating almost no carbs when i didnt relapse, I then discovered that i had not even been in Ketosis. During the whole year my bellyfat didn't go away, triglycerides rose a lot ..it seems like my metabolism is really broke....not sure what to do. It  is a lonely path...when everyone else seems to have fantastic results....any suggestions are very much appreciated 🙏
  6. @Ghriangraf: I'm curious about its effects on DID/OSDD and narcissistic abuse syndrome (the abuse's effect on the brain and body)
  7. @Roberto-cg2gr: Please have a research on ketones and intelligence for Grade Schools and college students
  8. @evolgeniuslabs: Gigachad ain’t got nothing on that jawline. 🗿
  9. @pida9669: There are also randomized trials showing that moving towards a Mediterranean diet can significantly reduce depression & anxiety severity:
* SMILES (2017) by Felice Jacka et al
* HELFIMED (2019) by Dr. Parletta et al
* Brief dietary intervention study (2019) by Heather Francis et al
* AMMEND (2022) by Jessica Bayes et al
A keto diet may provide similar health benefits. I personally believe most of the benefit comes more from cutting out processed carbs (donuts, pizzas, muffins, sugary cereals, cookies, etc) than from cutting out all carbs. Cheers...
  10. @dbiswas123: Thank you for providing such an informative video; I truly appreciate it.
  11. @JasminMusic1602: Since when are low triglycerides bad... when they were put next to low hdl, high sugar, hbp
  12. @dextermack8505: So what I'm seeing is, if we get our Blood cleaned and only eat none poisoned organic foods, problem solved!!!
  13. @ctsirkass: So the solution would be to increase blue whale population... :P
  14. @MiguelGarcia-dk8vo: I would like to see a study done for mental health with a group of participants are doing keto and another group doing whole healthy animal based diet for healing mental health and see those results because what if it’s not keto healing but just the quality of nutrition
  15. @agere_roots: I noticed that when I went low carb and no sugar, I wasn't tired and I spoke more eloquent.
  16. @danielhusain7570: Amazing videos Nick
  17. @rachelbankier: Thank you so much for the work you do and for drawing people's attention to this incredible study. Very inspirational. 💜
  18. @rbtcfuller: Excuse me - 21 participants is a nearly pointless sample size. You'd need to multiply that number by 10 - better 100 - to begin to make any kind decent correlations.
  19. @Fröhlich1985: 💯
  20. @TheMornox: Are these results sustained even after stopping a ketogenic diet protocol? It would be valuable to know whether this approach is comparable to some of the other keto benefits when it acts as an elimination diet to let various systems of the body heal, or whether these benefits here are directly linked to ketosis.

- 2 Tips for Alzheimer's Dementia (Hope for Alzheimers) 2026: Kind: captions Language: en if you or a loved one have been diagnosed with Alzheimer's Dementia or you have multiple risk factors or a strong family history of Alzheimer's disease I'm going to tell you about two things that you can try that have a little bit of research backing them up that could absolutely prevent Alzheimer's from developing or if it's if you've already been diagnosed with it could actually decrease the severity of symptoms and decree decrease the speed of progression so this is a big deal and I don't know why more neurologists and experts in the field of Alzheimer's dementia are not discussing this if you go to one of the the Alzheimer's association's website there will be big press releases about the latest drug agile Helm but you won't find any press releases about the two things I'm going to tell you about in this short video so the first thing that you should try if you're trying to prevent Alzheimer's Dementia or slow down the progression of Alzheimer's dementia is a real Whole Foods one ingredient ketogenic diet there's actually several research studies that have already shown promise of eating a a ketogenic diet in both prevention of and slowing the progression of Alzheimer's dementia you won't see press releases about that for some reason I'm not sure why that is you might have an opinion about that you can tell me in the comments below but it makes perfect sense that Alzheimer's disease is Type 3 diabetes or diabetes of the brain and so if your brain is no longer too able to efficiently use glucose as fuel then why not try to fuel it with ketones and fatty acids that's exactly what a ketogenic diet does you're going to eat a very low sugar diet on a keto diet and it's going to put you in a state a physiologically normal State called ketosis which many people with with especially early Alzheimer's notice that the symptoms improve greatly when they adopt a and stick to a ketogenic diet the second intervention that is is free and easy to try is intermittent fasting again you won't see press releases on the the Alzheimer's Foundation website or the Alzheimer's association website even though there's several research studies that show that either show that that theoretically intermittent fasting should help prevent and slow progression or that actually show the part of the mechanism of how intermittent fasting can uh slow the the onset of symptoms or slow the progression of symptoms should you already have the diagnosis so I'm going to list all the research down in the show notes below and you may flip the tables on me and say well Dr Barry you may be giving false hope by recommending a ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting my answer to that would be that's a valid point but here's why I think it's okay to do that because I'm not recommending some new chemical that was just recently formulated in some Factory somewhere some chemical lab and then made in the factory and then went put through a questionable FDA approval process and then you know advertise millions of dollars worth of advertisements to push it towards people who are looking for hope I'm talking about an ancestral way of eating a diet rich in animal fats and animal proteins and very low in carbohydrates with regards to the ketogenic diet and then I'm talking about intermittent fasting something that every major religion has done since before recorded history and the human beings have done since we've been a species on this planet these are not new fad things these are not new molecules that were invented in a lab the these are just ways of eating and ways of not eating that have some research supporting them that they might prevent the onset of Alzheimer's dementia and they might slow down the progression should you already have been diagnosed now if you've used intermittent fasting or a ketogenic diet to do just what I'm talking about in this video please I beg of you share your story in the comments below because you know as a family member of somebody with alzheimer's or somebody with alzheimer's as a diagnosis you looking for hope you're looking for something to try you're eager to find something that might help fight the Alzheimer's epidemic and slow down the progression of this dastardly disease so please share this video and share your story in the comments below this is Dr Berry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaggieMiller1: There is no money to be had in diets.
  2. @robintaylor4853: jesus saves soul confess repent sins now
  3. @belltowerringer: How would you convince a family member whose generation was made to believe that doctors give drugs for everything and is resistant to “extreme” dietary changes aka carnivore diet. I have shared videos and asked this individual who’s caring for a loved one with vascular dementia to review the testimonials of your audience only to be met with, well he’s different: he’s got diabetes and thyroid issues.. he’s basically withering away… Anyone?
  4. @Piano-Love: Dr Berry, I just want to thank you for your teachings on alternatives to traditional medicines. My blood pressure was moving up and my doctor wanted to put me on blood pressure medication. After 3 days I couldn’t stand the way it made me feel. I just thought this isn’t for me. Instead, I started eating grapefruit. I love grapefruit! Now, my blood pressure gets readings like 120/80. Your teachings have made a big difference in my life! Thank you!
  5. @WendyWertz-q9v: Thank you my dad dealing with it now ! Making changes immediately
  6. @tedreynolds-v4c: What if you are too thick to get it? Dumb people down treatment. Like thick fucks live forever an look like they have it but they are just thick their whole life so it didnt even bother trying with them, nothing to skim off.
  7. @stellabecker4416: Everything you say is true. I got early onset dementia in my late 50's. It runs in my family. I did the research and did exactly what you just said. I am 71 now and doing great. I do intermittent fasting daily. Usually don't eat from after supper till 12 pm the next day. I did keto that is what turned it around for me. I have ups and downs and have some supplements I take. But I am very grateful. When I was in the midst of it, it was terrifying . I am still doing pretty good and don't stick to keto so much as I ought but do stick to the intermittent fasting. There is hope. I am proof. Thanks for sharing Ken, more people ought to know about this and try it.
  8. @edith3183: My grandma currently has dementia at age 76, but her brain is age 80 and has shrunk a bit. Is it too late to do anything about it?  She is diabetic, once last year her sodium was low, she has changed so much the last 4 years, I've seen the changes. She went on vacation in december and came back this week in a wheel chair.😢 Her disks are not where they're supposed to be and that is why she can no longer walk.
  9. @CynthiaLee-d3k: I went off antidepressants and benzos and haven't been able to sleep well I fall asleep but after a few hours I toss n turn my memory is terrible is there a way to beat it or slow it down
  10. @DeanSchneitman-k2e: ForgottosayIlost68lbswithdietchange.
  11. @DeanSchneitman-k2e: Bigpharmacantmakemoneyoffahealthydiet.IhaveAlzheimersdisease.diagnosedinearly2023
KetoandCarnivorhavereversedmostofmysymptoms
.plusaddingaCpapandheavyexercise6daysaweekplusdailySauna.
  12. @ioannadrs: Could you please make a video about hypothalamic amenorrhea due to stress and overtraining as most doctors advise to definitely raise carbs as well as "good" fats?
  13. @robjamison1410: 1. ketogenic diet
2. intermittent fasting
  14. @AlanGrove-t4r: Images statues the owl is occult so better to avoid have it around.
  15. @MohammedWali-o2r: My mom has lived with me and has Alzheimer's disease for about 8 years. Her body is healthy but she has almost no speech, is pretty much always confused, sleeps most of the day away, is inconvenient and requires constant care. The saving grace in all this is that her personality has not changed. She does get frustrated but mostly she has stayed her own sweet self. It is exhausting caring for her and working, and expensive but necessary to have help. I tried to keep her at home but I don't know how long this will go on and her needs are increasing almost daily. She was adjusting to the medications Donepezil (Aricept), and Memantine but they make her feel sick also. She had problems recognizing other family members and friends. or getting dressed. When the medication no longer helps, I searched for alternative treatment and I was introduced to Rohan's Herbal Clinic who have natural herbal treatment for Alzheimer's and Dementia (BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENT). I spoke to a few people who have used the supplement here in the United Arab Emirates and they all gave a positive response, so I immediately purchased the BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENTS  for my mother. It came in 4 different forms, teabags, powder, capsule and liquid and she commenced usage, she used the herbal supplement for only 2 weeks, and we started noticing positive improvements and after 5 months all symptoms are gone and my mother is living her best life again. I believe there is no act of kindness that is too small that is why I am sharing this testimony here. If you have anybody who is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease/Dementia, I will advise you to opt out from western medication and go for BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENT. you will have every reason to be happy again just as I am. You can contact Dr. Rohan  on WhatsApp via +393510553632.
 He is well known for his groundbreaking treatments concerning brain diseases. He is well known for his groundbreaking treatments concerning brain diseases.
  16. @danieldiaz7510: My family runs from a rare Alzheimer’s. It starts at 52 years old. My grandpa died from it. Three of my aunts already passed away from it and my mom has it full-blown Alzheimer’s right now she is 64 
It’s genetic 50% of mom‘s her siblings got it. She’s part of one of them. 😢

It is all about healthy, eating 💯
  17. @nicklazarakis4837: Big doesn't like it. The more drugs they sell you more profit
  18. @Jillian.1John3.9-10: There are way too many reports that verify how PORK is tied to alzheimer, dementia, parasites, tapeworms...  
Pigs are extremely unclean animal, because they can't even sweat and that's why they have to roll in the mud to cool their flesh.
Pigs are filled with poisonous toxins, bec they are the garbage disposables of the world.
We were all warned in Leviticus 11:7-8.
  19. @jeannettemcghee5775: My mother my father my brother my grandparents
  20. @TERMINAL-BALLISTICS: The dysregulated phosphorylation of tau proteins (especially in APOE4-positive individuals) causes tau protein neurofibrillary tangles and brain accumulation of amyloid plaques, due to excessive neuroinflammatory NF-kB transcription. 

A ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting will do absolutely nothing to reverse these processes.

Nanocurcumin is the answer.

- How Ketones Take out the Trash: New Research on Diet and Brain Aging: Kind: captions Language: en a new paper was just published about ketones Alzheimer's disease and brain health that's so fascinating my synapses nearly short circuited while reading it the elegance and specificity of the mechanism described is so amazing that it almost seems like magic but it's not it's science I'm going to walk you through the findings at a high level because it's quite Technical and at the end of the video I almost guarantee if you don't do a ketogenic diet or intermittent fasting you will at least try one of these interventions oh and if you stick around to the end you'll get to hear some thoughts from one of the authors themselves so make sure to watch to the end okay now for some necessary background Alzheimer's disease is one of many different horrifying neurodegenerative diseases others include Parkinson's disease Ling Body Disease hun intense disease ALS other forms of demen and so on most are related to aging and characterized by the misfolding of proteins kind of like bad origami now this is biology 101 proteins are the micro machines that govern how the body and brain works and a protein's structure how it folds determines its function structure determines function and if a protein misfolds disease can ensue especially neurod degenerative diseases like ulzheimer disease in fact you may have heard of some of the products of these misfolded proteins like ameloid plaques and to neurofibrillary Tangles that choke the brain into dementia okay now some more background on ketogenic diets and Alzheimer's disease there is already a body of literature supporting the use of ketogenic diets for Alzheimer's disease this includes Mouse models or ketogenic diets extend cognitive longevity data showing that ketones can protect against amalo toxicity and reduce amalo plaque burden in the brain and even a human randomized control trial showing the benefits of ketogenic diets in persons already exhibiting the signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's disease additionally on first principles ketones could help in Alzheimer's disease by providing an energy substrate when brain glucose metabolism is impaired by reducing neuroinflammation and by rewiring metabolism through changing how genes are expressed via hisone aetas inhibition or altering protein function through post transational modification I know that's a lot of jargon but the point here is it's all very cool and exciting and provides a framework for how ketones can help an Alzheimer's disease but this research goes a Step Beyond all that in brief what they find the researchers find is that ketones can Target specific pathological misfolded proteins and help them transition from a soluble to an insoluble state which we'll elaborate on in a moment and ultimately help clear them out and clean up the brain in the author's own words Ketone bodies are janitors of damaged protein shering away molecular waste so organisms can operate at Peak molecular Fitness pretty cool quote right but let's unpack this a bit more because it is complicated you see when proteins misfold they can be soluble meaning they're dissolved in the fluid in and around cells or insoluble meaning they are clustered up discreetly and transitioning from soluble to insoluble is almost as if you could reverse dissolve salt from salt water into fresh water in a salt Cube but is this good or bad and if it is good why well certain misfolded proteins when they're in their soluble form can spread more easily from cell to cell and Seed disease progressing diseases like Alzheimer's disease that ketones help transition misfolded proteins from soluble to insoluble could be thought of as a kind of defense mechanism to stop spread of disease however if the insoluble fraction accumulates that's also a problem luckily the research is shown the study that ketones also help with the clearance out of the brain of the insolubilized proteins so by way of analogy it's like if you had a huge misfolded protein mess all over your apartment the ketones not only Target the trash and bring it to the trash bin but then they kindly take out the trash bin for you and dump it down the garbage shoot in terms now of what they actually did in this study to talk about some of the specific data well they did a lot but among their experiments they took brain tissue from Alzheimer's mice and older monkeys specifically reesus Maxs and confirmed that treatment with ketones increased the insol imization think picking up the trash from your apartment and putting in the trash bin they also look specifically at the amalo protein in Alzheimer's and found that physiological levels of Ketone bodies increased the insoluble fraction they also showed that ketones protected against cellular toxicity of the misfolded amalo Alzheimer's protein and they present data that suggest that the most insolubilized Aggregates get cleared out of the brain think about it like taking out the trash and throwing it down the garbage shoot okay now pause because I'm guessing only a small percentage of you at this point are really appreciating what stuns me about this paper why I said my neurons almost short circuited when reading it and the physiology to which this paper is speaking think about this now how do ketones know how to Target specifically misfolding proteins why wouldn't they just insolubilize procanes willy-nilly nons specifically somehow the simple molecule that is a ketone body can select the bad apples out of The Bushel but how well proper folding of proteins requires careful and specific conditions when this occurs the protein takes a particular shape and has a particular function however when the conditions are suboptimal the so-called unstable folding conditions proteins can misfold and get damaged and this misfolded structure opens up particular binding sites that ketones can Target and then ketosis then promotes the clearance of the highly ins solubilized proteins which depends on different cleanup mechanisms including the probiome and autophagy and if those terms are novel to you they're just different cellular cleanup and recycling systems and this also makes sense from an evolutionary perspective since ketosis is historically associated with fasting and nutrient deprivation which would be an ideal time window to clear damaged and misfolded proteins to enhance cellular and organismal health and fitness it's all super interesting and in fact represents a whole new frontier of cellular biology in so far as this effect whereby ketones shift the soluble to insoluble protein fraction and alter overall protein balance it's likely generalizable to other simple molecules like lactate made during exercise in unpacking how different molecules have different effects on protein balance this will give us deeper insights into the mechanisms by which different metabolic States ketosis fasting and otherwise fine-tune metabolic in physical health that's pretty freaking cool right with that stay curious and now some thoughts from one of the authors these data are really exciting because uh it gives a new level as to why Ketone bodies are really interesting ger therpeutic molecules there's a whole host of of energetic and non-energetic reasons as to why Ketone bodies are really relevant to the Aging field but this paper gives a new layer relevant for neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer disease and so this is because we're now showing that Ketone bodies which are compounds whose concentrations are determined by diet or exercise or by supplementation uh that these compounds these Ketone bodies can travel to the brain and interact specifically with misfolded and damaged proteins that are relevant to neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer disease as well as Aging in general and so I think this adds like a really nice new level of complexity to an already outstanding toolkit uh that's possessed by these Ketone bodies um and so I think the big question that's on uh everybody's mind is what's next um so I have a couple I think Avenues uh where that I think are really interesting but I think there's a whole uh number of opportunities that can come out of um this paper being published and so I think at the molecular level the first burning question is what exactly is the mechanism by which these Ketone bodies are interacting with these misfolded and damaged proteins uh that was something that we weren't able to fully answer within our paper um and so I think it's going to be interesting to see exactly what the interaction between these Ketone bodies and the misfolded proteins are we know uh from the paper that it's not due to pH and we also know that it's not due to a post-translational modification but beyond that we aren't really sure exactly how these Ketone bodies are coming up to these proteins and influencing their structure and relative solubility I think secondarily um the big question is how are these misfolded proteins that are interacted uh with by the Ketone bodies how are they getting from their Normal area to an autophagosome or the proteosome in order to be degraded um and so I don't know if it's whether the Ketone bodies themselves are touching and tagging a chaperone to take care of the business or once the Ketone bodies interact with the the misfolded protein and change its relative solubility and structure that chaperones are then able to recognize that protein um but that'll be a really interesting uh level of inquiry that'll show up uh hopefully in some next new papers um I think at a larger level another question that you could ask is which cell type are most targeted by uh this mechanism is it Gia is it neurons um and which brain region uh is most uh targeted by this mechanism as well um so we know that Ketone bodies are associated with uh positive phenotypes like improvements in cognition improvements in working memory and so it' be interesting whether the hippocampus uh is more targeted than say the hypothalamus um and I think at a broader level another question that you can ask that that I find really interesting is that what other metabolites are are also causing the same mechanistic effect and what does it look like in a different tissue so we showed in the paper that uh other metabolites that have carboxilic acid structures like lactate like succinate that they possess similar activities to Ketone bodies like beta hydroxy beate and so it'll be really interesting to kind of see whether um the proteum changes at a large level in Elite athletes versus sedentary athletes um when lactate is um coming into the muscle uh during exercise so that's just uh some of the first questions that pop into my mind but I'm sure that there's going to be um a whole lot of of other uh interesting inquiries that are going to come out of this paper so thanks [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @antman-lx5kz [3 likes]: I saw this video just published, stupidly I decided to do my bachelor's thesis on it....a wonderful study, but a terrible choice...my brain is exploding😅
  2. @joelritenour4413: Would the ketones produced by C8 MCT oil be neuroprotective?
  3. @jpcnti: I’m addicted to your channel lol
  4. @bennguyen1313: Any thoughts on Keto Brainz (Alpha GPC, MCT , caffeine theanine )?
  5. @johnbierma9834: Thanks really great info👍👍
  6. @tanowelch462: Nick you are a gem!  Dr. Tano Welch
  7. @tinamitchell9644: Can you see benefits from exogenous keystones or only those naturally produced by the body?
  8. @pato7274: What an excellent video!! Thank you ❤
  9. @jamesphasman3922: What is the science around keto/ketosis looking at amyloid black in the heart muscle? Anyone.
  10. @Anastasios_tasos: Ευχαριστούμε!
  11. @Anastasios_tasos: Fascinating presentation and info. Thank you 🙏🌹🌷
  12. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: This applies to individuals who have the mutations that is associated with Alzheimer’s? The APP, PSEN1 and PSEN2? Which is early onset? Getting Alzheimer’s before 65
  13. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: What about those individuals who have the mutations that are associated with Alzheimer’s like the APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2
  14. @mikeh2794: Hey Nick are you aware of any natural substitutes for Madopar
  15. @SuePyperArtist: Thank you nick. Love your videos. People think I’m crazy for doing keto. But I’ve never felt better.
  16. @countrydwell: Nick - thank you again!
Your presentation is so easy for me to comprehend. 
Inspirational on a very personal  level for managing the one and only brain one has.
👏👏👏
  17. @JP-AT: Just can’t any thing you say seriously anymore … shame …
  18. @Roberto-cg2gr: Hope there will be a research on effects of GKI of less than 2 on Atherosclerosis and how it can remove soft plaque inflammation
  19. @darrenbeutel6849: Cool
  20. @petermacdonald6332: The Bredesen protocol actually works. They’re having incredible success.

- Can Alzheimer’s be treated with the keto diet?: Kind: captions Language: en I am a physician I'm a neonatologist I practiced for 30 years doing newborn intensive care taking care of second premature newborns and I became interested in Alzheimer's disease because my husband Steve developed early onset Alzheimer's with symptoms starting at age 51 and he was officially diagnosed with Alzheimer's at 54 so he was continuing to get worse over time and at 7 to 8 years into this process he was going downhill very quickly he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's and we were trying to get him into two clinical trials two different drugs and I was looking at the risks and benefits of these two drugs the night before he was to be tested for the first trial and I happened upon a press release for a medical food that was going towards FDA recognition it was still about a year away and it claimed to improve the memory and cognition of nearly half of the people who took it with Alzheimer's disease and you don't hear that ever about Alzheimer's drugs so I thought this was worth looking more into and I found their patent application and there I learned that Alzheimer's is the type of diabetes of the brain there's insulin deficiency and insulin resistance which translates into poor glucose uptake into brain cells and brain cells need like all of our cells need fuel to work on so if you can't get glucose into the cell is there an alternative fuel that could do that and it turns out when you consume MCT oil medium chain triglyceride oil which is what this medical food was your liver converts part of it to ketones and ketones are taken up by the brain and can be used in the same areas of the brain affected by Alzheimer's that do not use glucose normally so it can serve as an alternative fuel so this seemed very logical to me and I was familiar with MCT oil because of the type of physician that I am we used to add it to the feedings of our tiniest premature newborns these were babies under two pounds because they absorbed MCT oil very well and they would grow faster and get home faster and then they started adding it to infant premature formulas and then eventually as coconut oil and palm kernel oil to all infant formulas virtually all commercial infant formulas around the world have these and they're trying to mimic these medium chain triglycerides that are actually in breast milk so I just found this fascinating as I was reading their patent application and I learned about this the night before he was to try out for a clinical trial and I didn't have time to do about anything about it so we had a before and after in a day before and a day after he took coconut oil for the first time I learned it was extracted from coconut oil and Steve tried out for the the first clinical trial he needed to get a score of 16 out of 30 points on a mini Mental Status exam to qualify and he got only 14 points and he did not qualify and the doctor had raw clock which is a traditional Czech test for Alzheimer's and he drew just a few little circles random circles and a few numbers and very disorganized and the doctor told me he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's and so I thought what do we have to lose let's get some coconut oil and when we got home I learned everything I could about it what the fatty acid composition was and I figured out that if I gave him about 35 grams of coconut oil which is a little over two tablespoons that that would be equal to the dose of the medical food that they were studying I wasn't quite right about that but at the time that's what I came up with and so the next day he was scheduled to screen in the afternoon around 1:00 p.m. for the second clinical trial and I gave him a little over two tablespoons of oatmeal and his breakfast probably about four hours before he was tested and he gained four point on the test he remembered things like what the season was what the day of the week what town we were in what floor we were on even though it was a different location this time different city and he qualified for the trial and so right away I thought well did we just really get lucky or was it really something to do with this coconut oil Ketones so we kept it going and so I started giving it to him for breakfast everyday a measured dose and then started cooking with it throughout the day my rationale was you know the medical food was one dose a day 20 grams of MCT oil c8 specifically called tri caprylic acid and but the levels peak at about 90 minutes and then the ketones are gone after about three hours and I thought well you know somebody with Alzheimer's their brain would meet ketones 24/7 so started cooking with it and giving it to them at other meals throughout the day and we gradually worked up on that and they you know right away within a matter of four to five days it was obvious something had changed he said it was like a light switch came on in his brain the day he started coconut oil and he went from very depressed to very hopeful feeling that he had hope for his future his mood was better he was started joking animation came back in his face he had tremors that went away very quickly it was you know really profound he could carry on a conversation better he started whistling again you know and just able to do things easier as how he put it and I could observe that and after maybe five days you know we looked at each other and we said our life has changed something has changed for the better it was quite profound two weeks after the Steve started the coconut oil he drew another clock and this time it was a full circle it had all the numbers and it was messy but it was a huge improvement and I faxed the two clocks the doctor of each and he called me and he said well this is unexpected he said he thought you would need levels of four to five millimoles of ketones and MCT through coconut oil at best was 0.3 to 0.5 millimoles I mean a fraction of what he thought would be needed he we actually did levels on Steve we sent blood to the NIH you know testing coconut oil and the later MCT oil and we saw that the MCT oil levels were higher so he encouraged me to start giving him MCT oil wanted me to stop the coconut oil but I felt like maybe there's some other factor about coconut oil that's important and you know this helped him and what if it what if he goes backwards and I can't get him back you know so I started mixing coconut and MCT oil and eventually slowly worked them up to somewhere between nine and eleven tablespoons a day and he just stopped he was already eating a Mediterranean type diet but he basically sort of eliminating the carbohydrates in his diet he would just leave the bread from the sandwich he would leave the rice leave the pasta and so I it wasn't really eating much fruit at that point and he was devouring fruit before we started this mm-hmm so you know effectively he was on a ketogenic diet you know we couldn't prove it at the time because they we didn't have the handheld monitors to measure levels but I think that the combination of you know the coconut and MCT oil and then also you know effectively being on a ketogenic diet by virtue of how much fat he was eating played a really huge role and we just all steady improvement you know in the beginning I think it was a fuel thing that very first day you know that ketones provided fuel to was brain but we know now that ketones have so many other properties anti-inflammatory properties inflammation is a critical part of Alzheimer's disease and we know now that coconut oil in and of itself reduces inflammation but also ketones potently reduce inflammation by several different mechanisms so I think over time that that was a big factor in his improved continued improvement and some of the other interesting things that happen about two months after we started that coconut oil he his gait normalized he had been shuffling walking very slowly he couldn't pick up a speed and run and his gait just became normal and he could pick up his feet and start running again and then around three to four months he hadn't read for about a year and a half at that point and he announced that one day I can read again and I said well why couldn't you read and he said the words were shaking on the page when I would look at it and that has stopped and he said now I can read again and around nine to ten months he began to remember what he read earlier in the day and one example was I hit a doctor appointment and he sat in the waiting room and then a few hours later he said while you were in there I read a story about Einstein in Scientific American and this and he gave me details of the story it was just quite profound that now he he couldn't even finish a sentence because he couldn't remember what he was saying before this and now he could remember what he read several hours earlier and he would say a sense that's so beautiful tonight it may be it's related to that volcano that happened two or three weeks ago I mean you know that kind of thing started happening and he improved so much that probably I would say nine or ten months after we started this he was able to go back to volunteering he wanted to volunteer he went to work so he became a volunteer in the hospital he would put stickers on supplies and help deliver supplies to the different units in the hospital and he was able to do that for quite a while and he loved that because he felt useful again

  Top Comments:
  1. @marthajharper10 [10 likes]: Although I looked on the Charlie website, I didn’t see anything regarding Alzheimer’s. Is there another resource I live in Chattanooga Tennessee I don’t know if there’s anything near me for resources or help

- Nick Norwitz - Ketogenic diets for Alzheimer's Prevention: Don't Push the ApoE4 Boulder': Kind: captions Language: en [Music] well hello everyone and thank you so much for coming to this presentation entitled ketogenic diets for alzheimer's prevention subtitled don't push the apple e4 boulder by me and ignore this so first a little bit of background on me in my disclosures i received my phd and my d phil from the university of oxford and ketogenics and neurodegenerative diseases and i'm a certified metabolic health practitioner with the society of metabolic health practitioners and i'm pursuing my medical doctorate at harvard medical school the class of 2025. as for my disclosures my major disclosure for the purposes of this presentation is that i myself am an appley for homozygote which basically means i do have skin of the game with respect to this topic i'm also on the board of advisors at a company called ketokind although i'm unpaid and i'm co-author on a ketogenic cookbook the new mediterranean diet cookbook from which i do stand to gain royalties although i'm committed to sending all of these royalties to nutrition education and research so without further ado i want to show you a clip that you may be familiar with to help frame what i'm going to talk about so here's that clip [Applause] uh aside from hoping that india would get you pumped up from the loop for the little adventure we're gonna go on the reason i wanted to show you that boulder rolling down a hill clip is because that's how i think about alzheimer's disease i think about alzheimer's disease as a boulder rolling down the hill and once the boulder gets rolling there's really little you can do to stop it no matter how hard you try maybe you can slow the boulder um but to stop it is pretty ambitious and to push it back up the hill is almost impossible so really the goal for alzheimer's disease the holy grail prevention is to not push the boulder down the hill in the first place so the next question are what are the bolted pushers what are the things we want to address so that we don't push the boulder down the hill so that we don't start the vicious set uh the vicious cycles that precipitate alzheimer's disease well not surprisingly those are metabolic factors and lifestyle factors those are the things we want to address and specifically i'm going to be talking about nutrition and ketogenics but just a little bit more in terms of framing statistics currently there are about five million cases of alzheimer's disease in the united states and um case you know prevalence is on the rise by mid-century that number could as much as triple to 14 million cases in the united states alone and in parallel with that is an increase in the economic burden of alzheimer's disease so right now we're spending a billion dollars per day on alzheimer's disease and diabetes each actually but by mid-century we could be spending 1.1 trillion per year or 3 billion dollars per day on alzheimer's disease which is an unsustainable economic burden so even setting aside the unimaginable human burden it's unsustainable economically we need to address this in terms of what population is most important well although only 20 to 25 percent of people which is not a small amount carry apple before 40 to 65 percent of people of patients with alzheimer's disease are actively for positive so if we could reduce risk in this population it would have a massive effect on overall prevalence of alzheimer's disease i would argue perhaps selfishly that apple e4 is the population we really want to focus on when it comes to risk reduction in alzheimer's disease as for how much apple e4 increases risk well on the population level apple e4 increases risk two to three fold if you have one copy and um as much as 15 fold 12 to 15 fold buy some estimates if you have two copies and these patterns they hold on a global level as well as you can see here just a little bit more background what is apoe apple e4 well apple e it's a gene and a protein the apple e gene codes for the apple e lipoprotein which you can show here it's lipidated it's bound to lipids and in apoe4 which is one of three forms of apoe this cysteine is modified to an arginine and what that causes is a pinching of the apple e4 so there's a domain interaction the apple before domains interact and this changes structure it changes function and therefore on the population level increases alzheimer's risk by three to fifteen fold but and this is really important that relationship that increased risk with aptly four does not hold across the globe so for example in nigerians there are um individuals or populations in which alzheimer's apple e4 does not prefer an increased risk of alzheimer's disease so in this study um 20.5 percent of control subjects um who did not have any dementia had apple e4 whereas around 17 percent of patients with ad alzheimer's disease had applew4 so that's actually a lower number although it wasn't actually statistically significant suggesting in this population apple e4 is not associated with increased alzheimer's risk now you could just brush this off as a weird genetic linkage thing but that seems unlikely because if you look at comparative populations with similar genetic backgrounds as they did in the indianapolis abaddon study they find that individuals of african descent so similar genetic backgrounds if they lived in africa in western africa the um increased prevalence of alzheimer's disease the increased incidence over a certain time frame was half as much as africans living in america so you can see in the african-american population new cases of alzheimer's disease over a certain time frame were 2.52 percent of persons and in the african population there's only 1.15 percent corrected for age suggesting that again in people living in western africa because presumably of lifestyle factors apolly 4 is not associated with increased alzheimer's risk so take away lifestyle matters lifestyle is in part mediating the effect of apoe4 on alzheimer's disease and this isn't the only epidemiological data that suggests this you can look at other populations like uh mediterranean populations and you see the same thing so in carriers of apple b4 who are southern italians so again same genetic background if they live in southern italy they have an odds ratio of 1.21 leaving into extreme old age which is actually above one so presumably good um extreme old age being above 99 years old for women and above 95 for men which suggests a life without alzheimer's because once you get diagnosed your median survival with alzheimer's is only three to six years so if you have apple before and you're southern italian and you're living in southern italy you have a great chance of living a long healthy life but if you're aptly 4 and southern italian and you move to the united states or you live in the united states you are much more likely to die early or not live to be in the extreme old age so again all things being equal if people lived in the united states estates and had apple e4 extreme longevity was 71 percent less likely odds ratio 0.29 in the united states versus 1.21 in southern italy which is pretty astonishing and this coupled with um you know the nigerian study and rcts that i'm not going to show but in older populations basically show us or confirm apple e4 it is not a causative uh genetic variant there are a few that contribute to about five percent of cases of alzheimer's disease abp p71 and psalm 2 but the vast majority of cases of alzheimer's disease are not caused by genetics however apple e4 is a risk allele it does not cause it does not cause alzheimer's disease but interacts with lifestyle factors bolder pushers as i'll introduce to precipitate alzheimer's disease so returning to the boulder pusher analogy apple e3 it's kind of the baseline risk we have these metabolic factors these lifestyle factors that are boulder pushers how is the situation different in apple b4 well you still have the same boulder pushers in apple before except some of them are amplified and there might be other boulder pushers getting the boulder closer to the edge in aptly form meaning you have a little bit less wiggle room so another way to phrase this is um you're probably going to hear that number 88 percent of people have metabolic unhealthy i'm sure over the course of this conference somebody's going to say that well if you're in the 88 and you have apple e3 maybe you can get away with it but you have a lot less wiggle room you're pretty close to the edge when you have apple e4 you cannot get away with being in the 88 basically you really need to focus on these golden pushers on neutralizing them so you don't push the boulder down the hill so you can prevent that's what i'm going to talk about i'm going to talk about these extra golden pushers unfortunately and excitingly there is so much new cool data coming out in top journals like cell science and nature just in the past couple of years talking about the metabolic how of alzheimer's disease how apple e4 this lipoprotein this metabolism modifying protein increases alzheimer's risk again by modifying metabolism so if you get nothing out of what i'm about to say because i'm going to bounce around i'm going to say some things i might go over some people's heads i hope you just get from this my level of enthusiasm and optimism because the trajectory we see with alzheimer's disease is so disheartening and yet when you start to look at the data just in the past couple of years this is becoming an area of intense interest and the amount of data that's just come out in a short period of time is giving us so much more information about again the metabolical of alzheimer's disease and i think that is the basis to generating you know bottom-up mechanism and form prevention approaches which is kind of what i'm going to be talking talking about that little well you'll see so again scope i'm going to be talking about mechanism new science and top journals and prevention neutralizing the boulder pushers i'm not going to be talking about symptomatic relief there's a lot of data on that that is the stronger data but those are the data that have been talked about and i'm not going to go after so just as a case in point though this was a study published again this year because so much more data is coming out showing a ketogenic diet significantly improve in alzheimer's disease activities of daily living and quality of life and with a trend towards improvement in cognition um as compared to a low fat diet so this is the philips that i'll study you can look that up but what i'm going to be talking about is prevention the golden pushers with that said you know i want to give a four-hour presentation on this at some point i probably will and record it right now i'm going to be talking about the tip of the iceberg there is so much more this is all related to alzheimer's disease and metabolism from papers i published on it um and i'm just going to be bouncing around but just know there is there is so much data coming out of that before in fact there was a paper this year on apple and uh how it interacts with kobit 19 stars code v2 so we can talk about that in the q a if you're interested but i i think it's such an interesting and exploding area so um one more thing i'll say before i jump into the boulder bushes i promise it's the last thing is again i'm going to be jumping around a lot and not going over all the data that back the models i'm going to show so it's going to seem more speculative than i think it actually is i think there is actually more support that said i lay out a lot of the logic behind what i share in this paper which was published in nutrients a couple months ago in april where we talk about precision nutrition for alzheimer's prevention in apple before this is like microglia astrocytes and neurons parasites blood membrane and stuff i did this in collaboration with the alzheimer's prevention clinic at cornell um if i start losing you and you just want to you know go on mute and go do something else while i i bore everybody else i won't know the difference and you can read this paper later with that said i do want to get into some of the mechanisms so to start first boulder pusher is blood brain barrier dysfunction and to talk about blood brain barrier to function i want to talk about this paper that was published in nature uh in 2020 it's actually one of my favorite studies for the past couple years by montagne at all and what they did in this study was a human study they took 245 people and they subjected them to um dce mri to look at blood-brain barrier breakdown and amyloid and tau levels so amyloid and towel are the basic pathologies associated with alzheimer's disease those are the two you really think about when you think alzheimer's disease and what they found interestingly was that even in even pre-cognitive impairment so clinical dementia rating score is zero in apoe4 carriers there was an increase in blood brain barrier breakdown you can see that here in quantified here an increase in blood barrier breakdown independent of amyloid tap pathologies that's really interesting blood-brain barrier breakdown was elevated in apple reforest independent of amyloid and tau now the important question we should ask is is this clinically meaningful well it turns out yeah it is so what they did next is they broke people down um into baseline groups based on the degree to which they have blood and barrier breakdown they measure this by a cerebral spinal fluid marker soluble plate of the drive with factor beta but basically they took individuals with um high blood brain barrier breakdown marker and low blood bond barrier breakdown marker so high blood band barrier breakdown was blue and low blood barrier breakdown was great and they tracked them for 2.5 to 4.5 years over time and what they found was that increased blood-brain barrier breakdown at baseline predicted cognitive decline on a mental status exam specifically in apple we4 carriers and again independent of amyloid and tau pathologies and what this is telling us is it's showing us blood by barrier breakdown is a novel an independent boulder pusher in apple e4 carriers that contributes to cognitive decline a whole new pathway which is really interesting the next thing we want to know is you know what is the mechanism behind this pathway and there are transgenic mice mouse data that inform this so this is a paper that went hand in hand with that montagne paper this is by bellator also in nature and what they showed using apple e4 transgenic mice is this is the pathway that contributes to bloodbath barrier breakdown so um apple e4 it's unable to inhibit this protein lrp1 which i'm going to talk about a lot so remember it lrp1 which leads to elevated levels of this protein cypa elevated nf kappa b or an inflammatory transcription factor activity and increased expression of this protein mmp9 mmp9 is a gelatinous enzyme that breaks down the blood vein barrier so what they also found in this paper is inhibiting any component of the pathway inhibiting cypa and f kappa b or mmp9 was sufficient to protect against blood-brain barrier breakdown and protect against cognitive decline so the next question we want to ask is how how could we inhibit you know the activity of this pathway because that predicts a protection against blood membrane breakdown ketogenic diet so this study shows a ketogenic diet in mice can significantly reduce mmp9 expression i do want to admit caveat big caveat here this particular study was a mouse model of colon cancer i'm choosing it just because it provides the most illustrative graph for a time restricted presentation it's i think pretty plausible to suggest a ketogenic diet would generally decrease mmp9 activity not just because of these data showing a ketogenic diet does decrease energy activity but also because the pathway was h stack mediated nf kappa b mediated and we have other data suggesting that ketogenic diets are anti-inflammatory they're htac inhibitors and they quiet inflammation and f kappa b activity so there's a good reason to believe ketogenic diets could you know inhibit mp9 expression and protect against the blood-brain barrier it seems plausible that a ketogenic diet could neutralize this new boulder pusher that came out of this 2020 data protecting the brain against cognitive decline in apple four carriers that's pretty exciting moving on i want to talk about endosomal dysfunction and i'm actually going to use lrp1 from this last paper as a bridge just because all these things are interrelated so um lrp1 i said i talked about a lot it's a receptor it inhibits this pathway and like a lot of receptors and uh transporters on cell surfaces it gets recycled through endosomes so endosomes are organelles they you know there's an endocytosis the receptor the lrp1 that ends up in the endosome and then you know can be transported to lysosomes drop things off for degradation or be recycled back to the top uh or the cell membrane and when there's dysfunctional endosomal recycling you can have lower levels of surface membrane proteins like lrp1 or others like insulin receptor which i'll talk about later so in this study by personidol and pnas they looked again a human brain so they did a post-mortem analysis from a large micro array data set and what they found was that in the apple e4 brain there is a down regulation of this protein here nhg6 and nhe6 is an endosomal protein that leaks protons and because of the leaked protons it would decrease the acidity of you know endosomes and so that suggests in an apple e4 context apple e4 endosomes are going to be more acidic or lower ph and that's exactly what we find so in these um this was astrocytes from apple e3 or aquifer transgenic mice uh appley4 increases acidity or decreases ph of endosomes and what this does is causes endosomal dysfunction trapping receptors like lrp1 inside the cell so you can see surface lrp1 levels are decreased and that leads to dysfunctions that can contribute to alzheimer's disease so the one they looked at in this paper was amyloid clearance lrp1 helps clear out amyloid from the brain and as you can see a decreased level of nhg6 contributes to acidification of endosomes decreased lrp1 levels and amyloid clearance in apoe4 again the takeaway apple e4 leads to endosomal acidification and the entrapment of lrp-1 receptor leading to impaired amyloid clearance and again these things are related lrp1 inhibits this pathway so you might have more activation of the blood barrier degrading pathway moving on how is this effect mediated how does apple e4 protein contribute to uh changes in nhe6 and endosomal dysfunction well it has to do with histone d acetylases so you can see very clearly here from this same paper is that histone dslase4 which modifies gene expression and increases nhg6 or sorry decreases energy6 expression is much more active in apple e4 so you can see here the blue is uh the nuclei the dappy stain and in apple e4 you have a lot more hdac4 translocation to the nuclei more hdac4 activity so what you want to do is inhibit hdac4 how do you do that well you can do that with hdac4 inhibitors obviously so um here sorry it's a little small small this is nhd6 expression this red column is apple e3 this blue column is applev4 and here are the broad spectrum hvac 4 inhibitors and what's showing is that they recover nhe6 levels to restore endosome function the ones they focus on were tsa and shaa but i want to point out this column here this is sbut sodium butyrate sodium butyrate or beta hydroxybutyrate they're also h stack inhibitors h stack four numbers which i can show you here so butyrate is very similar to beta hydroxybutyrate and both butyrate and beta hydroxybutyrate they have the same hdac inhibiting activity as the other h stack inhibitors as you can see here so the data in this study might be you know relatable to ketones and i'll show you data to support that what do they find well when you have an hvac inhibitor tsa or shea s-h-s-a-h-a sorry very dyslexic today um they found that you know hdac inhibition it restores endosome ph reduces acidity restores surface lrp1 levels and restores lrp one function in this case amyloid clearance you know i'm i'm putting a lot of pieces of the puzzle together i was predicting to you okay you know because ketones are also hdac inhibitors they should also restore endosomal function and restore lrp 1 levels that's a lot of leaps of faith right that said you know if you go into the literature again new literature just from 2020 and ask the question does vhb also restore um say lrp1 levels well it turns out yeah yeah it does so in this um this is a in vitro bloodbath barrier model brain like endothelial cells or blacks they show that you know just like tsa and sata restore lrp1 levels ketones bhp restores lrp1 levels thus hdac inhibition and beta hydroxybutyrate they both restore lrp1 levels and this can help restore amyloid clearance and endosomal function but this is only the tip of the iceberg because while i focused on lrp1 as a case in point endosomal function it's a core pathology of alzheimer's disease other proteins like abca1 which is involved in appley lipidation insulin receptor which is involved in cerebral insulin resistance they're also trapped in endosomes uh and this is associated with apple b4 i'll talk a little bit about insulin receptor later so the endosome entrapment model can explain increased blood-brain barrier altered amyloid efflux and increased plaques changes in lipid function dysfunctional lipid transport lipotoxicity and cerebral insulin resistance i think that um the the endosome model is one area right for exploration where we'll see more research in the coming years but what we do know is that consistent with you know the model that put forth ketones can restore at least lrp1 levels so it's a hypothesis there's actually more data too to support this hypothesis again this is all just from the last couple years so i'll kind of go through this quickly because i'm a little bit rambly but let's take this protein for example piccom so pikon which stands for phosphatidyl inositol binding platform assembly protein it's a master regulator of endosome function picon influences endosome function and piccom mutations are actually themselves and functionally piccom is related to receptors that gets cycled through endosomes like lrp1 people have speculated that a core defect in pitcom can cause endosome dysfunction and this is associated with alzheimer's disease and so what in this paper they did is using human ipsc derived astrocytes they found that increasing piccom expression completely rescued endocytic dysfunction in apple b4 which is pretty exciting these results suggest that increasing pitcom dose uncouples the presence of apoe4 from its detrimental effects on endocytosis how does this relate to ketones well maybe ketones can you know they increase a lot of people would they increase pecan which would predict improved endosomal function heck yeah so in this paper ketone bodies significantly enhance protein levels of pgp which are against cycle through endosomes and piccom described to be involved in amyloid clearance so again what we see here is that ketones increase levels of a master regulator of endocytosis which is dysfunctional and apple before summing it up in just this little model it's theoretically possible that ketogenic diets could increase picon levels to help restore um endosome function that apple before context restoring lrp1 levels pgp levels abcl1 levels and insulin receptor levels and more so another bolder pusher in the books it's feasible that ketogenic diets can help restore endosomal functions in apple e4 carriers which is pretty cool a favorite topic i think of some of the people listening listen we'll talk about cholesterol and energy metabolism so this is a cool paper that came out this year in cell press and neuron um it was in vitro data and appley for transgenic mice about cholesterol metabolism which is hot in the ketosphere and energy and micrornas weirdly enough so for those of you who don't know micrornas are small non-coding rnas that inhibit mrna translation into proteins so they inhibit protein expression at the translational level this paper was quite complicated but i want to bring it down to earth a little bit by uh building on dave feldman's lipid energy model so if you guys aren't familiar with this slip energy model that's a shame you need to learn more about it that is a uh a request from me please because it's so cool and i love dave but dave you know proposes this energy model that boats in the bloodstream whereby apple b particles specifically the ldl lineage the ldl ldl lineage functions to transport triglycerides little lightning bolts and cholesterol from the liver to peripheral organs around the body as a form of you know energy transport so the triglycerides are the energy and the cholesterol is coming along for the ride an analogy to that i want to talk about not apple b you know ldl as boats in the bloodstream but apo e lipid particles as boats in the brain so like ldl particles applewood particles carry cholesterol that's the plus side in names model and that's the plus sign in my model here's cholesterol applewood particles carry cholesterol around the brain they also carry micrornas and what are the micrornas doing um well i guess first question where is applebee carrying its cargo from into well astrocytes or support cells in the brain they're the main producers of apoe and the main producers of cholesterol they're the thing that produce most cholesterol for neurons astrocytes produce apoe containing lipoprotein particles that contain within them cholesterol and micrornas and ship them over to neurons so we know that cholesterol is being delivered to neurons to be incorporated into membranes what are the micrornas doing the micrornas are actually inhibiting cholesterol synthesis at the trans by inhibiting the expression of cholesterol cholesterol-producing enzymes at the translational level so this is a figure from the paper and each blue square is a different microrna inhibiting that protein's expression so this is the right limiting enzyme hmg coefficient you can see all the micrornas that target it for decreased now i do want to emphasize here this is not decreasing brain cholesterol production overall but shifting the burden of cholesterol synthesis from neurons to actress astrocytes and thinking energetically this makes a lot of sense why would it make sense to shift the burden from neurons to astrocytes well one you know cholesterol synthesis it's a very energetically expensive process so it makes sense to try to relieve the metabolic demand on neurons so neurons can do other things like express memory genes in addition acetyl-coa is a precursor to cholesterol so de novo neurosynthesis would deplete a krebs cycle a tca cycle substrate which is needed to previous energy also acetyl coa is needed to acetylate histones and alter gene expression or increase gene and these aren't just things i'm coming up with randomly this is in the paper and supports the model that i'm going to show you the bottom line i'm trying to express this slide is it makes energetic and adaptive sense to shift the burden not reduce cholesterol synthesis but shift it from neurons to astrocytes astrocytes they send um i'm the first starting with apoe3 so this is baseline this is what should be happening that apoe3 particles uh are aptly applewood particles they carry the cholesterol in the micrornas term neurons in carrying the micrornas those micrornas as we know they decrease cholesterol synthesis enzymes and you can see that here so like hmg cova reductase when you have the micrornas you decrease the cholesterol synthesis enzymes this leads to an increase in the acetyl-coa pool as i alluded to leading to an increase in histone acetylation and you can see that here here's a stone acetylation and an increase in membrane gene expression so again apple wheat particles they deliver micrornas supply and cholesterol which neurons need relieving the cholesterol synthesis burden on neurons you can increase the acetyl-coa pool you also have more energy you can increase histone acetylation and you can increase memory gene expression how does this situation differ in an apple e4 context well in apple e4 appley4 um actually delivers less cholesterol for whatever reason i don't even know why but appley for particles they deliver less cholesterol and so it also makes sense that they're not going to want to inhibit cholesterol synthesis as much because the neurons still need cholesterol so they deliver fewer micrornas and you can see that here apoli delivers fewer micrornas and less cholesterol leading to a smaller decrease and so cholesterol synthesis enzyme so fewer micrornas and apple b4 this is apple e4 versus apple e3 ratioed and then a smaller decrease so this column is apple e3 this column is apple e4 a smaller decrease in appley for context meaning that there's going to be a depletion of the acetyl-coa pool meaning there's going to be less histonicity deletion meaning there's going to be worse expression of memory genes in an apoe4 context how does this relate to ketones or specifically the ketone body of beta-hydroxybutyrate well if you think mechanistically beta-hydroxybutyrate is perfectly situated to address all the nodes in this pathway so for example bhb can we talked about how we showed data showing it can improve lrp1 levels and llp1 is actually the thing that helps mrnas get delivered to neurons so although there might be fewer micrornas it can help the efficiency of delivery of the micrornas are there so that helps it also is a direct uh precursor for acetyl coa it has been shown in studies to boost the ac lookaway pool so it could you know intervene at this stage of the pathway providing more substrate for histone acetylation and it's an hdac inhibitor further increasing histamine distillation histone hdac activity and increasing insulin acetylation to promote membrane expression and it's an energy substrate so even though the energy burden on neurons might not have been believed as much it gets more energy now for bhp so there's lots of different ways that ketones could affect this pathway again this is speculation but this is 2021 data so you know maybe i'm i'm laying out some areas of exploration but again these mechanisms are plausible and they're very interesting so that's one more boulder pusher in the books one more way a ketogenic diet could help prevent alzheimer's disease by neutralizing a specific boulder pusher in apple e4 next folder pusher vascular defects this was also 2121 data and in neuron so cell press by yamazaki at all and this is an interesting paper because they did an apple e4 transgenic mouse model but a conditional expression model so they only expressed that but before or apple e3 in vascular mural cells so they would be only affecting vascular function what did they find well there was decreased cerebral blood flow no surprise and this was sufficient to cause a decrease in long-term potentiation which is uh the basis of memory and change in behavior so these data are showing that vascular defects associated with apple e4 are sufficient to you know really contribute or cause in this model features of impaired memory and behavioral manifestations that would be associated with alzheimer's disease and this is a whole field or sub-field that's being explored sydney strickland or rockefeller is really the big name in this field talking about how vascular defects are a core early pathology of alzheimer's disease some people think there are always vascular defects and alzheimer's disease there's a lot of overlap between vascular dementia and alzheimer's disease and it's interesting to look at some of the trials for addressing alzheimer's symptoms or slowing disease progression um because they inevitably have really high rates of hypertension so 70 hypertension in this trial which is not cherry picked i went for the finger trial because it was one that i had on hand that's ridiculous 70 hypertension it's no surprise i think anybody listening here that our society is basically structured for vascular dysfunction if you think about the way we eat the high glycemic carbs contribute to insulin resistance along with the snack and also insulin resistance you know that decreases nitric oxide levels which impairs vascular function also the high fructose corn syrup you know the fructose generates uric acid also decreases nitric oxide more vascular dysfunction and sago cement carbon gets glucose excursions causing endothelial damage around around around sedentary lifestyle stress cortisol all these things and to address vascular dysfunction i mean really it's a again holistic lifestyle intervention but we do have pretty good data suggesting low carb though clean low carb diets can improve vascular function i won't carry the burden of talking about all of that but if you're interested in that topic i'd refer you to some of the work by uh dr david unwin another one of my role models i remember listening to a presentation by him this past summer where he was looking at um low carb diets and diabetes and showed that low carb diets were about twice as effective as sglt2 inhibitors for hypertension and diabetics which is pretty cool in my opinion so one more boulder pusher you know clean low carb diets or a lot of interventions to be perfectly honest could address vascular defects that underlie alzheimer's disease and in particular in an apolly 4 context where the gene itself or the gene varying can exacerbate basket defects again get less wiggle room if you're apply for moving on um microglia so microglia are the resident immune cells in the brain inflammatory cells that contribute to alzheimer's disease inflammation in the brain contributes to alzheimer's disease and i want to relate this to the standard amyloid cascade hypothesis which you probably all know about in which um alzheimer's amyloid contributes to neurofibrillary tau tangles these are the two main pathologies associated with alzheimer's but there's a lot of question of what links am going to tell and one of the things that links emily to tao there are several is microglia these inflammatory immune cells in the brain and specifically nlrp3 inflammasome activation in microglia so you see here in this graph this is from um uh alzheimer's disease mouse model and what you see here on the y-axis is um ata it's a marker of phosphorylated tau so this and this app mouse model is going to have increased amyloid what you find is if you knock out the nlrp3 inflammasome it neutralizes the effect so there's no linkage between amyloid and tau suggesting that you know microglia and nlrp3 inflammasome activation help link amyloid to tau which contributes to neuronal dysfunction and no surprise apple e4 can kind of exacerbate this push the boulder closer to the edge where apple e4 makes microglia more inflammatory it can help activate microglial nlr pc reactivity the goal should be to help you know decrease inflammation in the brain which you can do through a clean keto diet but i'll get to that in a minute this is just data from this is human data from the freiburg study that was the opening slide of this boulder section so in this study they took 154 autopsy brains actually from the framingham heart study population and they were looking at activated microclia this is uh iba1 a microglial marker and associating with hypothalam with tap pathologies and what they found was that specifically in apple weave for people the red line there was a correlation between microglial activity and tau pathologies there was a trend it looks like in the aptly four negatives it was much stronger and positive suggesting a goal maybe it probably in everybody but specifically in apple before carriers at least should be to quiet microglia calm them down decrease inflammation by inhibiting the nlrp3 inflammasome and as many of you may know from the famous 2015 um data ketones inhibit nlrp3 but i'm not going to show that data probably because a lot of you have seen it instead show new data from shippy at all and this was a brain model uh alzheimer's model of alzheimer's disease sorry a mouse model of i think all alzheimer's models alzheimer's disease are altered and what they found is that bhb ketones inhibit nlrp3 so you can see here also bhb in the um amyloid mouse model decreased microglial activity and this again new data from 2020 this is again saying ketones probably or plausibly can neutralize a boulder pusher in apoe4 which is cool now at the moment a lot of you have probably all been waiting for insulin resistance an insulin receptor this is the oldest study i think i'm actually showing which is saying something because it's a 2017 study but it was published in neuron and cell press it's a great study by zhao it all it was an apple e4 transgenic mouse model looking at insulin signaling what it showed was that aptly for traps insulin receptor you can see here inside cells because it creates endosomal dysfunction tying back into the beginning so um just as a review this is the insulin signaling cascade where insulin binds to receptor tyrosine kinase activates insulin receptor substrate phpk pdk1 akt but i want to focus on this protein which you might not heard as much about gsk through beta glycogen based kinase iii beta name because it phosphorylates glycogen synthase and changes uh glycogen storage but this protein in my opinion uh its name under represents its importance especially in the brain so gsk3 beta is really important in the development of alzheimer's pathologies so both amyloid and tapathologies gsk3 beta it changes um how amyloid precursor protein is cleave promoting um toxic amyloid illumina production um it also can help excre increase levels of base one beta sequitase um which helps again produce toxic amyloids and another name for gsk3 beta is tau kinase one because it's one of the principal tau kinases that phosphorylates tau making hyper phosphorylated tau nerves and delivery tingles again bottom line gsk3 beta contributes to the major mythologies just because it's such a bad guy in the brain i'm not stereotyping it i had to throw it a little subtle joke and one of the papers i published i don't know if this looks like anything or anybody to you i don't know if we have game of thrones fans but i couldn't help it maybe that joke was lost on some people i hope some people got it if you get it i love you more to the point what they showed in this study was that in the apple e4 context mice were much more vulnerable to increased gsk3 beta activity insulin resistance induced by an obesogenic diet so you can see here high fat diet which is a high fat high sugar diet caused psk pgsk3 beta over gsk through beta is inhibition of this protein so lower levels mean less inhibition more activity and we can see that that in the apple e4 mice but not the apple e3 mice the obesogenic diet the standard american type diet from ice led to a decreased inhibition of gsk3 beta meaning that you're going to get more amyloid and more tap so just summing it up in a little graphic more social media or media references a you know trash diet like sucra sucrose lodex which is like our lard and soybean oil like it's like pork rinds and coke for mice um contributes to insulin resistance the activation of gsk3 beta and then amyloid and tau pathologies and there's a lot more i could say on insulin resistance in the brain um in apple b4 it's just such a wide topic i'm just going to throw some things out there um homa ir score so higher indicating more insulin resistance leads to decrease or is directly correlated with decreased cerebral glucose metabolism and also increased insulin resistance is associated with worse cognitive functions hyper insulinemia which goes it goes hand in hand with insulin resistance so if you're insulin resistant you're going to have high insulin levels and insulin competitively inhibits this protein here in slim degrading enzyme which degrades amyloid so insulin degrading enzyme integrates amyloid and insulin but if you're insulin resistant there's more insulin and it competes with the enzyme so less amyloid it gets degraded which then starts a vicious cycle leading to more gsk through beta activation also more insulin resistance and spiraling down this is the part of the path where the boulder is rolling down the hill and you get a vicious cycle so let's not push the boulder furthermore if you're eating a diet rich in sugars you're going to get more advanced glycation end products and apple e4 it binds advanced vacation and products much better about threefold better than apple e3 again apple e4 it exacerbates the damage of unhealthy lifestyle choices so it's unhealthy for everybody but apple e4 just multiplies that effect how do we address insulin resistance or prevent it we know what effect you know a clean low carb diet can have for a lot of people it can put in some resistance to the grave anyway that was a lot just summing up coming back to this model this boulder down a hill model the goal is not to push the boulder on the hill don't be indie running and what we found through exploring the mechanisms and i don't have clinical data on this in part because you know we never going to do these 20 30 year clinical trials that need to be done but also i specifically chose to focus on new data coming out in 2020 and 2021 so this is all new i'm just trying to set up a framework for why this makes sense mechanistically and what we found is that clean ketogenic diets they can potentially protect against the pushers of blood and barrier dysfunction endosomal dysfunction related to lrp-1 abca1 which didn't even get to talk about insulin receptor improve cholesterol and energy metabolism that was that model with dave's boats in the bloodstream in my brain in the bloodstream or boats in the brain vascular defects activated microglia calming neural inflammation improving or protecting against insulin resistance it's all very interesting and very plausible now very obviously what i provided here is speculation i 100 admit that but what are like what are our options for true prevention because there are no no true prevention trials nor do i think will there ever be for a disease that starts decades before symptoms manifest you know epidemiology just shows us that um lifestyle factors will be protective it doesn't tell us which we should actually implement especially with respect to nutrition it doesn't allow us to draw conclusions about what to eat all we really have with respect to prevention and nutrition is inform speculation and for people like myself living at higher risk for alzheimer's disease people across the lifespan from this baby to this man mechanism informs speculation these will be my last words mechanism in form of speculation it is speculation but it's far better than just a shrug thanks for listening thanks nick paul apollo e4 has almost been a death sentence uh previously but it's clearly not uh you know not that way no and what i often say is that genetics is not fate and while we do know that for the average person leading the average lifestyle carrying apoe4 can increase your risk of alzheimer's disease and dementia it doesn't have to be like that and nick just presented two very neat studies so one of my favorite ones is when they took a a group of ethnic nigerians living in the city of indianapolis and they compared them to an identically similar group of nigerians living in a city called in badan and these two cities were historically linked by the live trade and they had the same rate of apoe4 carriage and incidentally it's the highest rate of apoe4 carriage of any population in the world and they found that the population living in nigeria had two and a half times less risk of alzheimer's disease so it really goes to show the impact of lifestyle so and in southern italy study they actually found that if they had a ethnic southern italians living in italy they had a very good chance of living to a ripe old age what they call extreme old age but if they are living in a similar city in america with poorer metabolic health as we know that uh you know of us adults only about 12 of us adults are actually metabolically healthy then their chances of living to a ripe old age were way down so i guess the key the key thing to remember is that if you do have apoe4 it's not a death sentence it doesn't necessarily consign you to developing dementia but it is really really important that you take care of your metabolic health it's more important for you than for most people you

  Top Comments:
  1. @shinjokagama7521 [20 likes]: There are not many people like Nick. He is a soon to be medical doctor with a doctorate degree in bioscience. Incredibly smart yet humble and open-minded. Thank you, Nick, for the good work you and your friends are doing.
  2. @MN-wg8qd [3 likes]: Problem with keto for people with APOE4 is the rise in apob and ldl; of which the former has a strong correlation to cardiovascular disease.  I know not all low carbers believe this, but.  

Is low carb instead of keto, with few saturated fats and maybe a bit more protein and carbs a better approach?
  3. @pirateslife4me [2 likes]: Summation: Six (6) factors are emerging in research that may contribute to the "boulder" of Alzheimer's rolling down the hill:
1) Blood-brain barrier breakdown (MMP-9)
2) Endosomal dysfunction leading to decreased amyloid clearance in the brain
3) Cholesterol & energy production - ApoE4 particles downregulate
4) Vascular defects
5) Activated microglia (inflammatory immune cells)
6) ApoE4 exacerbates effects of insulin resistance
ALL of these are thought to be remediated by a more ketogenic diet
  4. @sabby123456789 [2 likes]: I gave up on the ApoE4 diet.

Avoiding carbohydrates was not enough and people with ApoE4 have to avoid saturated fat too.

This makes everything unpalatable.

We cannot put butter on vegetables or eat meat with its fat but have to replace them all with olive oil and lean meat.
  5. @JCK-gi2gm [2 likes]: I'll be back with data and bullet points but these two in particular, and Dr Norwitz are doing a great dis-service to APOE4 homozygous (2 copies) carriers (including himself and myself) by not pulling this video and others that need to be updated, NOW.  2020 and 2021 are not new and as Dr Nick says, a lot changes in a couple years.  If you''re APOE2/3, and 3/3, Keto to your heart's content (pun intended).  But if you're  APOE 3/4 or especially 4/4, you need to look at the data much more closely.  Yes, better than a shrug but that "informed mechanism" can cut both ways.  Even 3/4s may be okay on Keto IF they have no familial cholesterol history, and a number of other genetic predispositions but if you're not getting lipid testing done on a regular basis every 3-6 mos, you could be making things worse, if not your potential risk of Dementias then heart disease and stroke risk.  Diet and nutrition (as Nick and many others have said) is the most difficult factor to research well because of all of the many interacting factors plus you can't do any double-blinds and all of the long-term studies are based on self-reporting.  It's possible to mitigate some but not all skewing and you may end up with statistically significant results but NOT clinically significant on top of putting one or more segments of the population under a greater, not a lesser risk due to self-interest.  Too many people blindly follow this and other diets because they "sound" plausible, and they work for some (which is great) but they've not gene-tested for APOE4 and other genetic risk factors, nor do "many" even have a handle on their cholesterol and especially their triglyceride levels.  Nor do enough people understand the difference between body cholesterol and brain cholesterol, which is why the blood-brain integrity is so very, very important.  And above all remember that (currently) the best we can do is build models and models of anything are not the real thing, they are ALWAYS simplified to a large degree no matter what the field let alone such a new and (finally) fast changing field.   Do your due diligence on this as much as you can.  Today's great thing can be tomorrow's Hindenberg (weird analogy but I'm rushed).  I don't have the time that Dr. Nick has or many of you.  I have 3-5 years before the average age of symptoms beginning in my family.  Maybe the dice roll will go my way but since the last 25 years of Alz research yielded little due to ego, ignoring and/or beating down alt theories to beta and tau as THE key which ended up sucking up 90% or more of the research $ (money goes with the leading contender and potential money makers) until finally a few years back more and more broke away and are now following many more potentially fruitful paths and what do we have on the market for all that effort and $ and an unmeasurable at this time, increase in false/corrupt data and studies being changed or retracted but like in many professions, there's a lot more that hasn't been discovered or being protected by self-interested institutions and companies.  All this crap and more is casting at least some doubt on the process itself.  Then of course, here in the Capitalist States of Merica, BigPharma was able to fast-track 3 (or 4?) related meds and the best MAYBE slows progress by up to "27%" (what's the range, demographics and more), at a monthly cost of $26K a month(!).   So much more but I've gone on too long but I'm so angry at the waste and corruption and greed.  I really wanted to go on the Keto diet but what I've read lately for my situation (more than just the relatively rare 2xAPOE4), it would definitely add to the damage that has likely been going on already for X years.  Alz is definitely a multi-source killer that we're just beginning to really understand small pieces of it and diet, etc is definitely a huge part but if you go with this, do yourself a favor and start learning (if you don't already know) how to find and read journal articles and not just the overview and conclusions at least if you're APOE4.  There are least two problems with (almost?) every article cited here if you're 2xAPOE4, one is that the effects are watered down by combining (if the homozygous group is even "represented" ) the two groups.  Total APOE4 population is estimated (and everything is an estimate) in the neighborhood of 27% but the 25% works just as well but the 2XAPOE4 pop is only about 2-3% but has a 3x (or higher) estimated risk factor on its own.  So, risks for "my" group for everything from diet to drugs in reality fit for the most part in "unknown" especially to be considered "statistically significant". For APOE3s and 3/4s, it could very well the reverse, in at least some studies that have or have a larger representation of 4/4s, that 3/3 or 3/4 risk is lower than reported for a particular test of a particular whatever.  As best as I can tell and I do not have the credentials, nor do I have access to any of the journals behind $$$walls, but it seems very likely that 2xAPOE4s, if they're represented at all depending on the mouse models being used, are mostly under-reported-represented and it's very, very difficult or impossible to tell in data sections (but I'm getting better) due to a lack of data transparency, a lack of "interest", due to the small population (only one smaller is the 2/2 group).  After all this I doubt if I'll be back.  Just be careful and if you can't get an Alz type test due to cost, and it is a big barrier, get regular cholesterol panels done.  Look at family dementia history, and family member cholesterol issues to help inform your decision.  And lastly, the field will be greatly changed in 5 years, let alone what will occur in the next 50, as long as publicly funded basic, evidence-based research  continues, because it is in danger from political, public, religious, and MedIndustry groups who couldn't care less
  6. @markmehling5347 [2 likes]: Would enjoy seeing you and a conversation with Dale Bredesen who has seen reversal of Alzheimer’s ie pushing the stone back up. Keep up your work!!
  7. @willemvanriet7160 [1 likes]: Our thoughts can affect the way proteins fold just like the nutrients we ingest. Read that in The Wisdom of our Cells by Dr Bruce Lipton. Fascinating stuff!
  8. @motivatedgma3098 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for breaking this down! My grandmother had Alzheimer’s, dad has memory issues and have increased in me over the last year. We both drink exogenous Ketones, but I think we need to be more diligent! I love the studies breaking down the differences about where we are living!
  9. @burnhamsghost8044 [1 likes]: Nigerians don’t eat ketogenic diets
  10. @carolynwilson7736 [1 likes]: If you have one APOE4 gene, does it matter if ge other one is 2 or 3?
  11. @edithh6779 [1 likes]: How big a role, if any, does sea food play in the diets of the Nigerians in Nigeria, who were studied?  Does DHA deficiency play a role in this hypothesis, or is it an alternate factor or is it incidental?
  12. @edithh6779 [1 likes]: Are you able to connect any of this hypothesis to the apparent benefit for the blood brain barrier of ingesting DHA phospholipids.  Thanks, Im encouraged by this presentation as much as I was able to follow it.
  13. @AlanWil2 [1 likes]: Cheers,  mate! 👍
  14. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: What about for those individuals that have the mutations that are associated with Alzheimer’s? Like the APP, PSEN1 and PSEN2??
  15. @pirateslife4me: The New Mediterranean Diet Cookbook (Norwitz is one of the authors of this keto-oriented cookbook)
  16. @SandraSaunders-p3f: Dr Norwitz new stuff is also amazing. I really enjoy his videos and look forward to new posts.
  17. @joshydillens148: Hello Mr.Norwitz 

Have you heared of the new spanish study that basically shows, that all E4 / E4 carriers will get Alzheimers sooner or later?
I am, like you homozygous and pretty freaked out by this - thought perhaps you have a view on this that doesn‘t see it as dramatic?
  18. @tarikcamacho: I believe this is a good presentation for sure but I was not able to follow his thoughts througtout the end of video.  Too much technical and difficult terms.  This is not for commum people but for specialists.
  19. @peggycearnach8034: I always thought Indy should have ducked the boulder.
  20. @charleslueker2597: Does emitting protons mean it’s emitting light? So it glows.

- Ketogenic Diet and Alzheimer's - A Scientific  Review | A Physician's Guide: Kind: captions Language: en we're so excited to be here today and talk about a topic that is kind of controversial but is emerging as an important element in that whole conversation and the ethos of nutrition as a treatment for cognitive impairment in alzheimer's disease which is ketogenic diet we've talked about this in the past and we've been trying to keep in touch with the latest research that is coming to us to be objective about it and in the last 10 years there's been a lot of research that had been done on ketogenic diet and so we wanted to kind of give an overview of what we have learned recently and whether this needs to be applied at a population level or not but before we go on uh just for the sake of uh completeness we want to make sure that we highlight the work we do in the communities which is healthy minds initiative uh amazing work we do with the african-american communities the minority communities actually all communities that have not had access to healthcare we want that national academy of medicine award for this and we are incredibly proud of that work the other thing we want to highlight is our neuroacademy.com for those of you who are interested in the only way that health and brain health is translatable which is a science-based community-based data-driven environment where people can actually on a daily basis just get the right amount of information to change their lives come to neuroacademy.com and we think it's the most effective way to change your life your behavior your habits but also optimize your brain health so that's a little bit of advertisement we wanted to start with uh looking forward to seeing you guys there all right continue so today we wanted to talk about one of the controversial topics that aisha talked about which is ketogenic diet before anything we want to make sure that we create a relationship with the audience around what stephen covey said speed of trust trusting integrity and capacity and part of that integrity part is trans you know being able to to put out your biases ahead of time a priori that's critical for people to know that the person that's speaking to them they're not you know loaded in one direction that they're actually open to data and and the way we can do that is kind of put out our own apiary biases that we've talked about and and then tell you how those biases are being checked one of the biases that that we have is we're plant-based for multiple reasons for health for environment for animals otherwise but we are not the kind of scientists that say this is the only way and that's it we believe about optimizing health with the person in mind with the individual in mind not a monosyllabic a huge idea that everybody has to follow it has to be data driven and it has to be around how each person can find themselves in that journey and sometimes it's different for different people but it still has to be data driven so that's the one bias the other bias that we might have is actually a good bias that we are very heavily data driven and the but i call it a biases because some people say that oh that just because you have data doesn't mean that's translatable to communities to individuals well we've taken that into consideration our work and i think singularly has been in the communities to look at the communities and how you can translate what's been found at the individual level not just as a talking point on social media and some some some nice memes but at the individual level at the community level how each community can truly incorporate something long-term so those are the two pieces of information we wanted to start with but now we can get into ketogenic diet which is incredibly popular i'm really glad that you actually introduced the conversation by highlighting the biases because it's very important for the audience to understand where we're coming from and there has been some criticism in the past as far as us being plant-based and you know completely you know deflecting some of the things that is coming to us and that's not the case we are going to be uncomfortable and make sure that we present the data as it is as science has translated into it so with that said let's dive into it yeah i love this concept of discomfort we are a big believer of comfort with discomfort and only in that realm can you find the truth so we will delve into this data so first about ketogenic diet diet a bit um you can't turn in any direction without finding something in the media and social media on youtube on instagram and the newsstands we were just traveling um and in the airport and every newsstand there was one magazine article yeah that spoke about ketogenic diet which which is which is fine and and and that's that's part of the way societies and communities gather information and over time distill to the to the truth we are very much optimists in the sense that we think that reason and and data and truth ultimately find themselves in the bigger population we are um reason driven beings although emotions are powerful but for the most part we are reason driven beings and the evidence of that is our history throughout history there's always resistance to truth and there's some even some fallback but but truth always manifests eventually so so we're very much uh optimistic that whatever that truth is when it comes to diet and nutrition it will manifest eventually and even we want to be part of that conversation but an accurate part of that conversation making sure that data is the driver now ketogenic diet we want to start with defining it then i'll go into some other diets that have actually been around for a while um for actually more than a few decades if truth be told it started with in the 1920s actually even earlier than that there are evidence in the 1700s people talking about particular type of food eating a particular type of fruit and in in fact lugu cornaro i killed that name and and luigi and luigi uh cornaro in 1558 spoke about a um diet that would reduce weight he's a italian um writer and uh he was and and so even as far back as then and then if you look at the different religions each of them had their limitations not just for weight loss but for health whether it was a particular religions that abstained from pork or from shell of organisms or from coffee or from other but the the thought of having a perspective on diet and health has always been there since we've had language and beginnings of consciousness that's a completely different concept topic but nonetheless that's that's where we are but first let's define uh ketogenic diet yeah so the ketogenic diet is essentially a high fat low carbohydrate diet with controlled amount of protein now the proportion of carbohydrates in the food ration is less than about 10 percent most of the clinical trials that put people on a ketogenic diet they go between eight to fifteen percent and usually around ten percent and when our supply of carbohydrate is so low it causes fatty acids to be converted to ketone bodies and these ketone bodies are used as the main energy substrate when glucose which is the brain's main energy source is in short supply and so different models of ketogenic diet are used depending on the goal of therapy and we want to talk about you know what actually happens in the body when people are given a ketogenic diet what kind of compounds are used and what do they do for brain cells it's remarkable i'll talk about the energetics and how energy is utilized uh but this diet actually first came to us in the 1920s with the treatment of patients we deal with right epilepsy and seizures particularly in particular children's epilepsies um lennox gasto and and many other epilepsies that were intractable that were not treatable with one two or even three anti-seizure medications and ketogenic diet was an additional therapy so it wasn't the mainstay of the therapy it essentially was introduced when children were on multiple medications and they didn't really see any effect they didn't see any reduction in their epilepsy as much as possible ketogenic diet was added on top of it and even now you know lennox gastro syndrome patients are put on ketogenic diet and it seems to be helpful yeah there definitely was evidence of benefit there's no question of that and and those are great data because we have data on those populations for years and years and we've seen efficacy and this has been around for a long time i think it was introduced back in the 1920s yeah exactly that's um so that's that's that we have data on both um its efficacy it's utility and also side effects we have plenty of data as far as side effects concerned more importantly because we don't have that much data on ketogenic diet in large populations over a long period of time this is a good model where we have evidence of ketogenic diet being able to sustain um ketosis in the blood for long long periods of time and seeing affect both a long-term brain effect and not just seizure reduction but other consequences or benefits as well so that's that's a one-bedroom but over the last few years decades actually it has been used in many other conditions as well be it other neurological diseases cancers even cancers like glioblastoma multiforme which is a very aggressive brain cancer that doesn't have much of a treatment um and it's been used in those circumstances as well and and some of those definite benefit and we'll talk about those the data on on ketogenic diet as we go forward but ketogenic diet is people think of it as as an extension of atkin's diet but it's actually quite different atkins diet was actually a high protein diet well one reality of ketogenic diet is that it it doesn't focus on protein if anything it wants lower levels of protein because if you have high protein it can convert to glucose it can convert to energy so one thing that people have to know we have four basic macromolecules that make us i mean and you have a nucleic acid which is dna and rna that's not used for energy that's not you used for the building blocks that's the information carrying a molecule then you have proteins fats and carbohydrates all of them are used in both structure and function and energy the the most common source of energy um especially acute energy is carbohydrates um long-term energy is fat because it's stored and it's used long-term but both of them can be used short term and long term and protein is used as a last resort uh for energy when you don't have other sources protein is broken down to amino acids amino acids are broken down into the components that then go into the citric acid cycle and into the cellular uh utilization of energy and it's used as energy so the the pattern of atkins is is quite different from a ketogenic diet yes you can have high fat atkins and low fat atkins but you can't have low protein atkins that's so that's because that's the mainstay the mainstay so as far as carbohydrates are concerned normally carbohydrates and foods are converted into glucose which is you know the breakdown product of carbohydrates and it's transported around the body and it's a very important fuel for brain function but if little carbohydrate remains in the diet like in the ketogenic diet or in the atkins diet the liver converts fat into fatty acids and ketone bodies and then the ketone bodies have the capacity to pass into the brain easily without involving multiple channels i think one of the one of the concepts of using ketogenic diet in alzheimer's disease has been just that where there is dysfunction in the metabolism of glucose glucose has difficulty being transported into the brain and brain cells but ketogenic ketogenic diet or the ketone bodies that are produced due to the consumption of a ketogenic diet replaces glucose as an energy source exactly and and that matters because because that might speak to benefit in certain states and not other states if if you have difficulty transporting we might be jumping out of ourselves but that's good because this is this is relevant here if if you have difficulty transporting glucose and difficulty transporting glucose is not a normal state for the majority of population then you might need alternate paths of energy transport simple as that i mean so we will explore that as well as we go forward but the the key here is to know that there are there are the the energy metabolism pathway is the is the process that that that truly is consequential here there might be other pathways that have been uh thought about that maybe ketone bodies affect um how amyloid which is the bad protein that gets into the cell or how it affects nad and how affects other enzymes but none of those have been truly cr you know corroborated or validated properly so we don't have evidence of that and the other thing that we have to know is that the the most efficient source of energy for the brain is glucose 100 of the cells of the body uses glucose but 80 of the cells as far as we know uh use ketones as energy but here's the thing um through cellular respiration you create 36 atps or a significant amount of atps which is the energy unit of the cell um and and for through um ketones you do as well you do quite a bit of um production of energy units so you don't lose an any energy as far as that transformation is concerned so let's be transparent as far as that there is no inefficiency when you use ketones as far as energy production is concerned in fact some people say there might be actually an efficiency but but that's a different conversation and and has not been completely elucidated as far as long-term effect is concerned so that's where we are at this point so now let's get into some of the information that's come to us of late the data that's come to us of late is that the general statement is that it seems to be that ketogenic diet is beneficial for the brain and this information propagates itself because what we're dealing with is one of the scariest diseases to humanity in fact when they do questionnaires when they give questionnaires to population especially elderly populations they say what they feared the most and they always universally say alzheimer's disease yeah and since we don't have a cure for alzheimer's and and and prevention is a path we've we've talked about prevention quite a bit there's quite a bit of data as far as prevention and plant-based diet and exercise and all of that stuff or plant-centered diet even if you just change your diet a bit there's there's significant benefit but still is quite scary so in that fear especially people who already have are in the thralls of of alzheimer's they are open to anything that that gives evidence and the there's no shortage of people giving evidence for um a ketogenic diet seeming to be beneficial and and most of the benefits seem to come back as far as population based not so much population-based data but individual clinical studies we literally don't have long-term population-based studies i'll start with that and i shall go into the details of the studies that we do have but we literally don't have any populations that have been validated meaning that people who have been shown through their blood that to achieve ketosis the reason i say that is if anybody's tried ketogenic diet for a long period of time they realize that it's not what we're used to it's not where we live in fact there are no populations that that have been validated to maintain ketogenic diet even eskimos which that's the argument people use as oh but eskimos all they eat is fish no they've not been studied to show that they've maintained keto's ketogenic diet by the way the those uh initial studies that came back about ketogenic sorry the eskimos being healthier that was not true they are not healthier there is a much much much higher risk of a cardiovascular disease they had done some autopsy studies on them and they actually found out that they had atherosclerotic disease which is hardening of their arteries quite a bit correct so this is important point short-term effects that aisha's going to talk about and long-term effects and then the the third component on top of that which we're interested is and is or is the given diet or lifestyle or activity or behavior that you're proposing is it truly trans translatable to populations first of all are there evidence that populations lived like this and second of all even if there isn't how can you even artificially create sustainable mechanisms that show that that's that's the thing and then another thing that i want to allude to is what i we spoke about earlier what you're showing in a disease state is that even realistic in non-disease states just because um this is not a bias but just a reflection just because chemotherapy works in cancers doesn't mean we're going to give chemo to all the population so three levels is it true at short term and long term is it translatable to populations and maintainable in populations and fourth is it a disease state intervention or a real life state intervention so those are important concepts to discuss here yeah so as far as the data on ketogenic diet and alzheimer's disease is concerned the main theory behind using ketogenic diet for alzheimer's disease is that people who have alzheimer's disease they have some level of damage to their glucose metabolism and they're not able to use glucose as a source of energy so therefore ketone bodies are generated through this diet and that serves as energy for neurons to function so that's basically the main theory of why ketogenic diet has been used and like we mentioned earlier it's very low in carbohydrates mostly 10 or lower and 70 to 80 percent of it is fat when you look at the body of data that we've had for the past say 10 years most of them have been conducted in patients with moderate to severe alzheimer's disease and the number of populations or the number of group of people that have gone through a ketogenic diet is very small in the studies in the studies and they usually have not looked at the effect of ketogenic diet beyond three months there was one study that looked at the effect of ketogenic diet and and in people for six months but there was so much attrition and the number actually just shrank by the end of the study that you know it didn't really seem to be a meaningful study one of the latest studies that has come to us is from dr matthew phillips in new zealand and that i really like the study because it was a randomized crossover trial which means that they placed people on a ketogenic diet they compared two groups one on a ketogenic diet and one on essentially a low-fat regularly healthy diet so they didn't give them donuts or you know refined carbohydrates they were on a lower fat healthy eating guideline based diet and they enrolled them in a single phase blinded study which means that nobody really knew what they were being given so that there was you know some elimination of uh bias and they went over um their dietary and they went through a 12 week treatment period and then they were separated by 10 week of washout period so 12 week of ketogenic diet and then 10 week of washout and then 12 weeks of just regular diet and they had some studies done on them some testing done on them the primary outcome was a particular type of cognitive examination called the ace 3 or aden brooks cognitive examination 3 and that's a pretty extensive cognitive assessment that looks at multiple domains of cognition including executive function memory attention language etc they also did some quality of life testing specifically qolad or quality of life in alzheimer's disease and they also looked at adcs adls or ad cooperative study activities of daily living and these are tests that you and i do in the clinic and what is what does that show so there are one set of tests that looks at cognition the different domains of cognition as you said memory executive function visual spatial attention language and and there are dif different ones that have different levels of of uh validity and and and that they're more robust or less robust meaning that they can detect cognitive decline a lot earlier and they can detect a change and a lot more subtly if they're more robust they can do that if they're less robust then they can detect cognitive decline and dementia but it has to be more advanced for to detect the other problems that with these cognitive tests is what they call ceiling and floor effect i'm not going to bore you guys too much meaning that if a ceiling is if it's or too early it doesn't have the capacity to detect early some symptoms so it's not strong enough to detect really or a fuller effect if the disease has progressed quite a bit it can't detect any change after that point so those are not as important but it is important in this setting because the tests they choose and how they interpret those tests matter and a lot of times for statistics they say significant because the numbers that they looked at there were 30 people let's say and they improved by one or two points on let's say mocha which is a very very commonly used cognitive test montreal cognitive assessment test it is clinically significant but in reality in real life it changes one or two points over three months we really can't make too much of that in 30 people that's true so we get a lot of that we get a lot of studies that look at that level of sensitivity where 30 people were followed for three months and they improved or by by the measurers terms improved by one or two points and that that really means not m doesn't mean much as far as uh clinical practice is concerned as far as populations are concerned the more robust ones yes they might reflect something but if it's not done long-term again not doesn't reflect anything meaningful and none of these again i want to make sure that we emphasize this point have been tested long term yeah absolutely yes or something that shows short term doesn't mean long-term benefit now the functional measures which is adls and ada iadls are how you're living you know how you're driving how you're doing your finances how you're taking your medications how you're doing you know house cleaning or answering phones those are somewhat subjective but we still use them because it's a quality of life kind of a thing um and and they're less objectives right i just wanted to give you kind of a picture of all this and i think that's really important because say for example ace 3 this cognitive assessment test you know what the total score is correct me if i'm wrong it's 100. yeah and normal score is if you score 82 out of 100 right and in this particular study so these individuals went over 12 weeks of the ketogenic diet and they looked at their cognitive scores there were 26 patients in the study out of which 21 of them completed the ketogenic diet there was one withdrawal because of you know just some side effects of ketogenic diet which is fine and they all achieved ketosis that's the other thing you know measuring beta-hydroxybutyrate levels was appropriate and in some of the other studies they never even reached ketosis because it's such a difficult diet to stick to it's so funny they say that ketogenic diet but then they never speak about the fact that whether they reached and maintained ketosis exactly so in this study they actually did well they were very strict and they did sustain physiological ketosis for 12 weeks now as far as the results are concerned compared to the usual diet the individuals who were on a ketogenic diet they did not show any significant changes in their ace 3 or the cognitive assessment test there was an increase of about three points but it didn't reach you know significance which means the p value was 0.2 it didn't reach 0.01 or 0.05 and that's important because like you said the small little changes in score here and there could potentially be because of some other issues don't you think i mean absolutely sometimes you know there is the bias of paying more attention or you know simple measures like having a better night's sleep or for example making sure that there have there is some support system that tells them to do better the conversations that they have that their energy level at that particular day you know one or two scores is something that probably is not specific at all and especially with single arm studies where there's no control or even when there is control if there's any difference in the in the implementation let's say that one group is um diet intervention and the other one is just regular food well yes you're controlling but the observer effect is not there the observer is more involved in the intervention and not in the other one yeah so that's important can you expand on the observer yeah so when when you're doing a study let's say that's two arms control and intervention if the controls are just given regular diet and and then just measured yet the intervention group is given an alternate diet which they already know there's a change there's a whole thing phenomenon the placebo i call it placebo plus which is when you're told that there's a change the assumption is that the change is good right but for a lot of studies they blind the assessors but that's what drugs what food is going to be very difficult to do to do blinding right if you know you're getting fat fatty food lots of fat there's not much ways that you can blind right the situation yeah absolutely so that those are all factors to take into consideration and over time a lot of these studies were single arm and even when were they were blinded like we said blinding is very difficult when it comes to diet now that's true not just for ketogenic but for all diet studies all intervention studies it's it's it's a difficult thing to to blind unless you create powders or bars where people don't know the the that one thing is a particular type of food or another again the short of it is there is very little data as far as ketogenic diet that um that and even in three months where that you keep hearing this i mean it's it's incredible that when you talk when you listen to the talking heads on social media it's almost like as if it's a foregone conclusion that ketogenic diet improves brain health right and sometimes the thing that we frequently hear is like okay so maybe the results were not significant but like this study showed that there was some improvement in their activities of daily living or in their quality of life over that 12 week when they were on ketogenic diet and that's good enough for them to be on ketogenic diet what would you say to that the concept of good enough or the fact that anything that you intervene with that that has brought some change is a dangerous one this is a this is a grift um a scientific grift that's been employed in especially now in the social media we're overwhelmed quite a bit oh you know it's better than nothing right you know it's hope it's this no because you can actually misdirect science research populations for a long time with appearance of benefit without true benefit yeah it's it's important that we hold ourselves accountable and and have a measure of scrutiny to make sure that the data we're representing is truly representing change and brain function and not a feeling not a a measure of hope i know that in a disease like alzheimer's where there's it is absolutely devastating and i don't need to say this to you guys you've heard this us a million times saying that we went through this with our own grandparents and there's nothing more painful right and each single patient we see is our grandparent yeah we we make sure that we don't these become desensitized to the pain and suffering so given we know that hope is needed but the best form of hope is appropriate science because that will come that will actually lead to meaningful realistic outcomes so just because people feel better it doesn't mean that it's it's anything meaningful or it will even do any good long-term often damage long-term because it will slow real science and there's a lot of subjectivity in the conclusions of some of these studies too like for example in this one in the conclusion there's a statement that says compare it with the usual diet supplemented with low-fat healthy eating guidelines patients on a ketogenic diet improved in daily function and quality of life two factors of great importance to people living with dementia period that's it yeah so ended it with a big subjective exactly but you know i think it's important for us to highlight that we actually don't have good enough evidence to show that ketogenic diet makes a huge difference as far as cognitive function is concerned and when they've looked at long-term ketogenic diet data or at least a i'm going to say that again but when they've looked at the circumstances of continuing patients on a ketogenic diet is almost impossible isn't it it's a difficult diet to maintain because first of all you're reducing complex carbohydrates significantly and people are not used to it the feeling of weakness the feeling of increased hunger there's actually been some studies that showed that when people have cut down on their complex carbohydrate intake they actually have a tendency to want more sugary foods to want more you know fatty foods all of that is important i don't want to jump into the side effects and some of the problems that people have experienced we'll do that in a bit but that's a huge issue too especially with people who have cognitive impairment first of all they can't do it by themselves right there has to be someone a caregiver to do that for them second there's a lot of discomfort and stress involved with it too correct i mean and the the the viability of a diet or lifestyle has to be taken into consideration but i'll go actually i'll give them this if it truly is a treatment well by the way that has never been that claim has never been made let's say but but if it is truly treatment it should be spoken about it should be looked at it should be um studied deeply and and for those people who are willing to do it that should be implemented uh so so yes it's it's difficult it's it's um it's um there are no evidence there's no evidence of populations being able to implement such a change in their life long term but it should be studied so what do we have there is some evidence um in short-term studies that there is some measure of change cognition towards the benefit um but again none of this has been translated long term none of this has been truly validated in a bigger studies any major big studies double blinded double armed to show them that that this has benefit even in short term and and more importantly um a lot of these studies every one of them we looked at they had small numbers they're at very small numbers so so it speaks to whether one can count on it right now two factors can you reach ketosis there's evidence that reaching ketosis is possible it's it can be difficult but it's actually much more difficult than most people think a lot of the young people that i meet who say they go into keto diet and when we speak to them we know for certain they're not in ketosis because they have some more than 50 grams of carbohydrates and they have a lot of protein so they're getting their you know ketosis altered by all these other foods that they're eating so one one is that there's also some evidence that mcts as a supplement might help right reach ketosis again it's beginning it's preliminary but there's some evidence of that so that should be studied further exactly we do have some evidence and there's been some studies that looked at supplementation of medium chain triglyceride supplementation or any beta-hydroxybutyrate containing supplements in addition to a standard affecting cognition to a certain extent so that's something that is emerging and we will keep an eye on it and it needs to be studied more but there seems to be some signal and that is one of the things that is different now we do have some data to it so it obviously we have to make sure that we have more evidence for that supporting the fact that mct oil or beta hydroxybutyrate supplementation can be added to a standard diet for patients who have cognitive impairment in alzheimer's disease as well as parkinson's dementia as well but all in all i think given that we have tremendous amount of data on say for example the efficacy of mediterranean diet or the mind diet or diets that are predominantly plant-based we have all that data showing that people who consume that not only can prevent neurodegenerative diseases but they can actually slow down the progression of alzheimer's disease let's stick to that instead of introducing something that is not very solid right now i mean we have a major study coming from russia university a few years ago that showed that a mind diet which is a plant predominant diet reduced your risk of alzheimer's by 53 that wasn't a short term that wasn't a small study that was a major study and then we have the advanced health study we have the california teacher study where you looked at mediterranean diet but and all of them the common theme is more plants more plants more plants more plants exactly and less saturated fat that's a common theme studies have shown that when you have saturated fat and high cholesterol as a consequence which are hand in hand then you have higher rates of dementia in fact in one study higher cholesterol led to 57 percent greater risk of alzheimer's and even moderate high cholesterol led to a 35 high risk of dementia absolutely and so all this data is there now again i just for sake of being transparent and clear about science of things this should be studied a ketogenic diet should be studied long term uh and larger studies and and with unbiased parties um third parties that look at the data and look at the intervention making sure that people have reached ketosis looking at cognitive tests that are meaningful and because even if it's not for the general population it might be for a subset that have already dementia just like in seizures we might be um that will benefit from well not all seizures but intractable seizures they benefit ketogenic diet maybe by the way this has not been proven maybe from a set for a set subset of dementia patients this might be beneficial but that should be studied and looked at by the way ketogenic diet is not just one type where you eat made and processed foods you can have a plant-based ketogenic diet exactly i was about to say that it would be wonderful to actually look at the comparison of say for example a mind diet which you know has been proven to slow down um neurodegenerative disease prevent neurodegenerative disease and also the mediterranean diet that has been proven to slow down the progression of the disease comparing mind and the mediterranean diet to ketogenic diet because i think one of the things that has not really been studied well is the comparison of dietary patterns maybe ketogenic diet was given to individuals who were on a standard western diet and that includes a lot of processed foods and refined carbohydrates and anything is better than that obviously but what if people are actually on a healthy diet with higher poly and monounsaturated fats lower refined carbohydrates lots of fiber from a plant-based or plant-predominant diet you know other micronutrients that are derived from plant foods comparing that to ketogenic diet that's what i would love to see dr phillips actually looked at you know the low-fat healthier dietary pattern but it would be neat to look at the mind diet compared to ketogenic diet absolutely i think the fact that those kind of studies have not been done is because they're expensive but i think in the bigger scheme of things if you can reverse the the underlying causes of cognitive decline or reduce risk of dementia the costliest disease in america and the west we're talking about 500 billion dollars direct and indirect cost compared to heart disease which is 120 billion by the way this will also affect heart disease so why not invest in a study where you have a plant predominant clean diet you have a mediterranean mind diet and then you have a ketogenic diet and see the comparison and a fourth arm the regular standard diet because you would need something that extreme exactly and then look at which one is beneficial i think as far as cost analysis that would be the most effective spending because whatever it costs it's going to be less than 500 billion dollars which just on dementia that we're spending each year yeah yeah so that's i think the path to go yeah i know i i think we need some variation of kevin hall study for dementia where he looked at ketogenic diet and you know regular low-fat plant-based diet and it was isocaloric and you know there was really no difference as far as um the insulin model was concerned that you know the effects were incredible people were actually eating less calories when they were on a plant-based diet compared to ketogenic diet but in any case i think it would be wonderful if we study this further um can we talk a little bit about you know some of the side effects of people being on a ketogenic diet because you know it's fine if people want to try it but they have to be seriously concerned or at least not concerned but aware of some of the side effects that people could potentially experience being on a ketogenic diet and that has been studied quite a bit yeah um so we have some data and but where it has been studied it's been an epilepsy patient i agree and the most common one is bone abnormalities kidney problems inflammation and things of that nature so those are the more common uh side effects yeah yeah in some of the recent studies on ketogenic diet among seniors with alzheimer's disease the one issue that is prominent is malnutrition you know people actually start losing weight because of their just general aging and not being able to consume too much too many calories on a ketogenic diet and malnutrition specifically for specific types of micronutrients obviously those can be replaced with you know vitamins but there is a big loss of muscle mass when people are on a ketogenic diet yeah because remember it's not a high protein diet a great yes absolutely and um especially seniors who have dementia they have lack of appetite to begin with and they tend to have some swallowing abnormalities and so restricting their diet to ketogenic diet can you know further increase some complications later on as well and these have been validated these have been actually mentioned in multiple different studies in most of the studies the in most of the studies some of the you know highlighted side effects were nervousness fatigue muscle cramps constipation their increased desire to eat sugary foods so they actually start craving carbohydrates those have been characterized and and reported some of the less prominent ones and rare ones are hypoglycemia vomiting and nausea calcium being on the lower side their triglycerides and fat levels being on the higher side again like you said we haven't really studied it long enough to look at the effect of what that high fat does but there are studies that show that when people have high ldl cholesterol they tend to have high um you know higher level of vascular damage and we know that brain is a very vascular organ so we're actually damaging our arteries by increasing our triglycerides and our ldl levels aren't we yeah absolutely those are the side effects and i think in conclusion it's important for us to acknowledge that there are some signals and some effects of ketogenic diet on brain health and especially when it comes to supplementation of beta-hydroxybutyrate containing supplements but we don't have long-term data and we need longer studies and we need good comparisons with dyes that have been proven to prevent cognitive impairment or slow down alzheimer's disease and and the big statement i think that we both agree on is that at this point to change any individual or definitely at the population level to change from diets that have been proven to be incredibly healthy a plant-predominant plant-centered diet is by far the most effective diet that's been proven repeatedly whether it's in the context of a vegan whole food plant-based diet or mediterranean diet or mine diet all of them the dominant elements are greens beans legumes cruciferous vegetables whole grains you know those are the things and with lots of fiber that have been shown to be profoundly effective there are many population-based populations that have actually lived in this kind of diet so that's a achievable diet at population level and it's and it's healthy not just for the brain but for all aspects of living be it cardiovascular diabetes and cancer as well the adventist health studies has shown this the um a california teacher study has shown this we've done many studies in all of these data manhattan study there are multiple different databases that show that the mediterranean diet or the mayan diet or a diet that is predominantly plant so when we say mediterranean and mine diet is essentially a variation of the same theme which means more plants more whole grains more beans more nuts and seeds and less saturated fats that are derived from animal products and simple sugars or refined refined yeah so that's the critical thing to to to even consider anything alternative at this point without the meaningful data short term or long term which we don't have is is irresponsible to us we are completely open to this diet which is ketogenic diet or any others that come in the future but it has to pass certain bars before we can apply it to populations and when you speak about it in social media you're doing public health when any talking head goes out there and speaks about a particular diet on on social media they're doing massive harm or good at the public health level you cannot negate the benefits of a plant-predominant plant-centered diet with short-term data that's not been shown to be profoundly effective and and the studies are uh marginal weak and not and and and definitely nothing uh that those all those parameters [Music] should give you a warning so which disturbs us given that kind of disparity of data both population long term short term clinical trials randomized the amount of air time that it's getting um be it in on magazines or on on tv or in social media is quite disturbing because we will be doing damage at this point why do you think people are so drawn to ketogenic diet do you think it it's the idea that a quick fix or something that works rapidly and essentially comes under the realm of a fad diet i hesitate to call ketogenic diet a fad diet but i think it does fall in that category right now doesn't it yeah so i think it's two factors going on two psychological factors which usually it's if if somebody gives me something tangible measurable well circumscribed to do or not do that's easier than changing entire lifestyle i mean even with the whole food plant-based we don't we don't say just that it's going to take some work small steps that's why the neuroacademy we we talk about an environment where we actually slowly inculcate there are some steps back and forth back and forth until people find themselves in the healthy lifestyle that that that's complicated but it's necessary and that means that public conversations that are meaningful and data-driven and and we just describe what data means so ease you know give blueberries how often have we heard people come to our clinic and say dr sharzai you know i'm doing so well i'm having two cups of blueberries a day okay that's fantastic there's no question blueberries are great what about the rest of the diet oh i'm still having you know processed foods and burgers and fries and this and that i'm like okay so no there's first of all there's no superfood there are some foods that are have greater anti-inflammatory index greater you know omega-3 and all of this stuff certain nutrients and others but there are no super foods it's the dietary pattern that you lead that's important so that's harder oh by the way it's not just diet either exercising stress management sleep better sleep wow you're just making my life difficult just give me the blueberries or just let me eat not you know eat not eat one thing and eat another group of things that sounds good oh and then the second one is you know that statement people love hearing good news about their bad habits i know for a fact that a lot of young men yes i'm picking on you young men because i'm a young man yes i am a young man but but they want to hear that bacon is medicine by the way you cannot prove that no matter how vociferous how outspoken you are it's not it's not good for you a processed foods are not good for you um simple carbs are not good for you butter or so since we like hearing good news about our bad habits we listen to people that will give you evidence that your bad habit's good i mean there's a guy out there calling himself liver king there's no data and he's got hundreds of thousands of followers millions millions because he's basically saying eat meat which people want to hear and he's organ meat and it's unique it's interesting it's it's doing one thing which is the organ meat and you don't have to worry about the rest of your foods oh by the way he actually sells paleolithic supplements too paleolithic supplements okay so or ancestral vitamins so those two concepts which is uh doing one thing that's well defined that doing or not doing even the you know and then the other one is especially if it's aligned with what you want which is meat is fat is um but the people don't realize after eating true ketogenic diet for a while it becomes a little overwhelming to them just even from a per clavity side from a tendency side becomes overwhelming so if we kind of change that mindset saying we're not biased what data has been shown to be beneficial applicable to populations and and and and by benefit i mean short and especially long term and then we will have a better way of actually addressing this phenomenon of of diet and it's it's not going to be a one-off diet it's not going to be a new year resolution it's going to be a meaningful change beautiful thank you dean thank you guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @kathy7664 [7 likes]: Your discussion combines two very different things:  1)The general population and 2)The population that already has Alzheimer's.   The study on Alzheimer's patients comes back and says the reported quality of life is better for patients... and you say that doesn't matter.  Their reported feelings are insignificant  The study is too small ... Really?    Alzheimer's is a terminal illness.  What does one have to loose!
  2. @rajank8973 [3 likes]: One striking point about people in south Indian states of Kerala is that Alzheimer's is not at all prevalent in its senior citizens. The people here use a lot of coconut oil and  products. It seems  a case study in the people there may bring out amazing facts about coconut oil's efficacy in mitigating Alzheimer's.
  3. @200Nora [3 likes]: I do not know about everybody, but I am thriving on keto. No it was not about weight. I always been of normal weight. I beat pre diabetes. I have been on it since 2021, my 67 years old body feels good not many pains and aches. So far, so good, and I intend to be on it for the rest of my life. I do not care about ketosis good if I reach it, I do not track anything, but my body is appreciating the way I am eating, and I also do intermittent feeding with twice a day because my weight can drop too much. Besides vit d and b12, I do not do supplements. It is all good, real, wholesome food from nature, no internet keto. II do not care about science anymore. I care about my health, and  have finally learned to listen to my body, and my body is not complaining it actually loves it. Actually, occasionally I deviate a bit, and my body right away lets me know, I need to stay put. Cholesterol LDL has always been high since I remember, but my HDL/tri are very good and CAC of zero. I do not know about everybody else, but my experience has been very positive on keto. When I was on the SAD diet, my body was breaking down faster. I was mostly eating greens (I love my greens and eat them still as part of my keto), low fats, low everything, and I was sicker.
  4. @elec3calengr [2 likes]: Without any cure and KETO doing no harm. Keto even based small evidence may be a good therapy. Even with data or small data best to try
  5. @molassescricket6663 [2 likes]: I would tend to think that if in limited, small studies, that if some positive evidence is presented, then in larger, longer studies you could expect to see an extension and increase in the salutary evidence. Obviously this research is in it’s infancy and much more is needed.
  6. @n.d8001 [2 likes]: This atual video starts at 10mn after disclaimers. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and educate us
  7. @StephenAKatz [1 likes]: Wouldn't the simplest way to study whether a ketogenic diet helps prevent Alzheimer's Disease be to study the incidence of Alzheimer's Disease in epileptics who have been on a ketogenic diet? And to compare that incidence rate with the incidence rate in epileptics who have not been on the diet? Aren't epileptics a ready-made population, that even comes with a control group, that could be studied on the question?
  8. @galaxytrio [1 likes]: I admit to being caught up in the very powerful trend of demonizing carbs of which the ketogenic diet is the most extreme example. However, I really appreciate that you both announced your biases and I believe you are committed to evaluating the data accurately. That helps me listen to information that disconfirms my current beliefs, and that's quite significant. Well done. I find you both to be compelling, benign and ethical.
  9. @i2sky532: People like keto because they enjoy the taste of fatty food
  10. @LoriMichaud: I am a pretty good example of how the ketogenic diet affected a younger person with brain glucose hypo metabolism.  At 43 & 44 yrs old I had PET scans showing bilateral hypo metabolism in three areas of my brain.  Not enough to make a clearcut diagnosis of dementia but enough to help support a long list of significant cognitive issues (incl many other intensive cognitive tests).  At that time, I had no understanding of hypo metabolism and what it meant for future brain health.  Fast forward 10 years and I am made aware of ketones as an alternative fuel source and that there is a possibility of improved cognitive functioning.  Am I going to try it?  Um, yeah.  I did work with a keto coach to ensure I was covering my bases.  The first two tries were not successful...I felt very sick and it appeared it was too acidic for me.  On the third try, I used a mediterranean approach and plant based as much as possible.  I went into ketosis at lower levels but did reach ketosis without being sick.  I have to admit, it was an immediate improvement for my cognitive functioning.  Like someone turned on a switch in some dark rooms and gave me access to abilities I had lost.  I felt I had deeper sleep with less disturbances from dreams.  My mood seemed more zen and I was more patient overall.  I felt calm.  My word recall abilities improved giving me the confidence to have conversations ad hoc.  Meeting people in the street was less awkward.  I would say I had improvements in executive functioning in areas such as decision making and judgement.  I passed the MOCA for the first time ever.  I'm a university educated, bilingual person with an above average intelligence (back in the day).  I retired early as a school principal.  I remember what I could do once upon a time.  Unfortunately my lab work showed a frightening increase in LDL cholesterol and my blood glucose was starting to climb to very near pre diabetic.  I made the decision to consider my whole body and not just my brain and give up being in ketosis.  When I struggle now, I wish I could go back to the ketogenic state and feel somewhat normal again.  I've adapted to the cognitive abilities that I have and do my best but I wish there was a way to have it all!  I can understand why people are wanting to try it and many overlook the high LDL.  As a whole, I do not consider it a healthy diet as it lacks many healthy foods.  Without supplements, I could not manage to meet requirements on a ketogenic diet.  Now I eat a plant strong diet and I enjoy it much more and can meet my nutritional requirements.  I do not come close to the same cognitive benefits as ketosis but it is much better than the results of a standard diet.  Even just two days of a standard diet will crash my cognitive abilities.  I realize this is an n=1 anecdote but it's a real case scenario.
  11. @jamesalles139: This sounded like a prescription from the Seventh Day Adventist Church.
  12. @monikapatki: The problem with the eskimos eat lot of junk food these days…
  13. @liverleef: Gotta love seeing the keto people show up to accuse vegans of having bias.
  14. @GJurnak: Nice for you to disclose your biases at the beginning, but you forgot to mention that you are biased against Keto diets and for plant based.  So obvious.
  15. @fractalbeans9513: Interesting questions about long-term effects, sustainability etc. I am trying to locate the research you are quoting on atherosclerosis and risk of cardiovascular disease in eskimo population - could you help with that reference, please? I disagree with the comparison with chemotherapy: unlike potentially deadly chemotherapy, nutritional ketosis is a naturally occurring physiological (pregnancy, new=born babies, suppression of appetite as defensive/coping mechanism) or survival (lack of food) mechanism. Dr Philips's study shows great promise but, unfortunately, long=term studies would be difficult for many reasons; wish we could get to that point! 
I am on a ketogenic diet (the paleomedicina protocol), and I wouldn't say it is difficult - the most challenging part is doing it on a budget (UK). I started it for general health benefits and also as an experiment to see if I can improve my lipedema (with veinous insufficiency). However, I do notice improvement in multiple domains,
  16. @Jenzhobi: I’d rather have heart disease and atherosclerosis than any brain disease. It’s about quality of life. That is greatly diminished with brain illnesses.
  17. @StephenAKatz: Thank you for an excellent presentation. May I ask, what is the definition of being in ketosis? Is it simply passing ketones in the urine, or is there more to it than that?
  18. @austinroberson8: The brain is made of 60% fat. The brain works perfectly fine in ketosis via the process of gluconeogenesis and you can in fact halt many forms of dementia. The truck is catching it early enough. Getting into ketosis isn’t hard,  it’s actually quite simple. A simple 24-36 hour water fast will get you into ketosis and eating low carb vegetables like cabbage, cauliflower, peppers, and broccoli will keep you there.  Getting someone that exhibits the early stages of dementia will obviously need someone to look after them 24/7 during attempts at fasting but it can be done.  Potassium, magnesium, and sodium should be added to water during the fast due to rapid depletion until eating has resumed.  There’s a big reason that of the 12 major religions fasting is mentioned over 400 times.  They knew something we seemed to have lost. As for urges for carbohydrates it common the first two weeks of the keto diet.  Your body is starving for the crap you have fed it for years or decades.  This too shall pass. A few dark chocolate squares with ground peanuts with salt will satiate most carb addicts.  While I agree that a whole food or Mediterranean diet is probably the way foreword for someone with dementia I would bet dollars to pesos it slows mental decline faster. The problem is keeping the persons with dementia from cheating/forgetting that they shouldn’t eat certain things.
  19. @theresageiger584: No it isn't
  20. @juanalang1930: I love them. I can tell you are serious and trustworthy

- Alzheimer’s Prevention: Unlock Brain Health with Keto & Fats - Dr. Mary Newport | 1192 | Dave Asprey: Kind: captions Language: en I'm just profoundly grateful for my elders who who mentored me that way and showed me that they could do it like well if you're ad and you can do it I could probably pull this off and so it's it's your job it's my job everyone listening it's your job too if you know this stuff and you see someone with Alzheimer it's like maybe she'll listen to that episode maybe get a book some of them will will listen to you and they'll do it and others will say that's just too simple that is not possible a lot of doctors you know react that way they won't even take the information from their patients you know which is really sad yeah but then there are other open-minded Physicians who are listening and they have patients that improve and then they start telling their other patients about it you're listening to the human upgrade with Dave asrey you're listening to the human upgrade with Dave asprey the episode today is something that I'm really excited about because it is with I'm going to say a hero of lipid metabolism now if no one has ever said hero of lipid metabolism before that's because it's hard to even explain how important fat is for the way life Works your cell membranes and a lot of your hormones they're made out of fats and different fats do different things and we have this really simplistic you know Readers Digest food pyramid way of thinking well fat is good fat is bad if you're going to build a house and said well bricks are good or bricks are bad you'd be kind of dumb because you might want to use cement you might want to use wood you might want to use metal you might want to use whatever they're all building materials and you use the right building material for the right job so simple is good unless it's so simple that it's dumb and that is where the the main discourse around fat is so when you get someone who spent a lifetime looking at what do different fats do what the role of these in the brain in biology I don't think you can get someone who is more studied than Dr Mary Newport who Our Guest today and is a new book uh called um clearly keto for healthy brain aging and Alzheimer's prevention and I wanted to interview her because she's a legend in the field and also I went through more than a thousand studies on Alzheimer's disease when I wrote um head strong my big cognitive enhancement book and in my longevity work in superhuman one of the big four Killers is Alzheimer's if we can just fix it so we don't lose our minds as we age we would have a population of people who have wisdom because their brains work and if we fix their mitochondria then they have energy and all of a sudden we have people who are really well equipped to help the world be a better place Dr Mary and newort welcome to the show it's an honor to have you hi Dave thank you and everybody listening thank you for inviting me to come I really appreciate it it is it is my pleasure um I mentioned your most recent book uh which is the clearly keto book but you have three others as well and they probably your first book was one of the ones that really helped me crystallize some of my thinking got in the bulletproof diet and things like that so it's uh it's just cool to be able to chat I have a third edition of it that came out in the fall 11 years at no um uh 12 years after the first edition came out oh my gosh the other thing I love about about your work because I want to talk to you is my first book was called the better baby book and and it was how do you have a child without autism or Aspergers because I had that and yes I say had uh because I you can heal it and yes there's some work to be be done like some of the functional movement things are a little bit a little bit of work but overall you can you can fix things so you spent 30 years working on newborns and then all of a sudden you switch over to alzheimer's why right well it all had to do with my husband my husband Steve he was an accountant and he worked at home for my practice I worked in hospital strictly he took care of our children I had a lot of emergencies and but when Steve was only 51 he started having memory problems that were got serious fairly quickly uh he stopped remembering he'd been to the bank and the post office and you know he was very depressed he knew something was wrong he had known for a few years I found out later I didn't realize it you know for a while but he just kept getting worse he was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's in 2004 and this is like at the opposite end of the spectrum for from where I had been focusing my career on at that point and it was just you know a horrible thing you know we thought we'd retire live to an old age and then you know retire together and it just didn't look like it was going to happen the average person lives about seven years after a diagnosis of Alzheimer's and he was only 54 at that point wow 54 early onset very early given all the research you've done now why do you think hasband got Alzheimer's at an early age I have a few ideas about that um one there are something like more than 6,000 studies now of various infections linked to alzheimer's disease and he had really a lifetime of having fever blisters on his mouth I mean like repeated outbreaks it's a herpes simplex um type 1 virus and there have been hundreds of studies just on herpes simplex connecting it to Alzheimer's and they've been able to show like in mice for example that um infecting them with herpes simplex will induce formation of plaques and tangles in the brain which are the Hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease and um many other studies um so I really felt like this was possibly a trigger at when he was 29 he had an outbreak of it around his eye and he was really sick he was sick he couldn't sit up he you know couldn't eat for a week or so and um I was really worried about that you know I took care of babies that were born with herpes simplex virus infections and they were severely brain damaged it was just a terrible thing and I was taught that the eyes are portal to the brain so if you get an infection in or around your eye it could get into the brain and you know some people will develop um herpes and sephtis and it travels in the same locations of the brain that Alzheimer's does as it progresses and so I really feel like that is um the light trigger and what lit the match I think could have been a medication called viox oh interesting what does vio do yeah so viox is was a a very potent anti-inflammatory drug it was used mostly for arthritis and around 2 2001 Steve was taking this for about a year a year and a half and um he was he had um his foot feet would swell if he he would be out in the yard working landscaping and then his foot would swell tremendously and be really like extremely inflamed and we found out later it was gwn it's just not the classic presentation usually you think of a toe but this was his whole foot and he responded really well to Vio so he was taking this for about a year a year and a half and um I later found I started looking for different connections things he had done and um bio had been taken off the market in 2004 so he was on it around 200201 and the reason they took it off the market was because of several Alzheimer's studies that were done and uh two of the studies the people who got viop had a much higher rate of dying from heart attacks these were people with Alzheimer's and then there was another study that had been done of people with mild cognitive impairment which can progress the Alzheimer's and they were try hoping to prevent it there's a lot of inflammation in the brain and Alzheimer's so they were you know the people that got the drug it actually accelerated their progression to Alzheimer's and and they would start seeing people convert from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's with even at four months on this drug wow yeah and Steve was on it for a year a year and a half and this was right around the time I started noticing strange things he was doing you know memory issues and shuffling papers and missing tax deadlines he was an accountant he'd miss you know a 20 minute uh quarterly tax return would take him days to get done which was just not what had been going on before that right you know it was really serious and you know so I think those two things factored heavily into it and our diet too I think may have contributed because we were on what I call the convenience food diet oh both of us I weighed about 60 pounds more than I do now while we were eating this and it was a low fat you know we were told to eat low fat and which means high carb you know um if you're um eating a typical American diet and eating a lot of box foods from Sams I really wasn't into vegetables you know I had a little Les and corn you know and so our diet was just terrible we were going to fast food places two or three times a week and eating out more often and so you know two years before our intervention ketogenic intervention happened I came across an article about Alzheimer's and people with Alzheimer's who had eaten the most Mediterranean like Diet lived on average four years longer than the people with Alzheimer's who ate the least Mediterranean like diet and that was the first time I ever conceived that Alzheimer's could have anything to do with nutrition you know that nutrition might be a factor I mean we were told it's not what you eat you know it's not what you eat it's not this it's not that you know they didn't know what it was but they were you know pretty clear they didn't think it was what you ate but this article suggests it otherwise so we drastically you know changed our diet over to a whole food Mediterranean style diet which you know greatly reduced our carbohydrate intake just by default from what we were doing and then I started kind of looking into this lowfat idea and really not finding enough justification for it for why we should eat a lowfat diet I think that was really why I got so heavy I was always eating skim milk and cereal for breakfast and cereal for snack you for a snack in the evening so you know Steve he he still progressed and it's hard to know if it slowed it down or not you know but it was definitely a healthier diet so I'm still on it today you know we stayed on it and you know I've been eating actually a low carb you know keto version of a Mediterranean diet you know which is what I talk about in my clearly keto book are you always low carb or do you cycle in and out sometimes I am mostly low carb every now and then you know if I go out to eat I might I don't ever buy bread but some restaurant have really good bread so I might have you know a slice or two of of bread or something you know if I go to a restaurant so I cycle a little bit but I I would say maybe every couple weeks I might take a day or two where I kind of loosen up my regimen a bit it's helped me maintain my weight too which is great you know it's really hard to keep that weight off and I have been able to do that you know for um see since 2006 it seems to work better I mean I I went on the Atkins diet the original keto in the late 90s and you could lose you you lose 40 PBS and then yeah and then you plateau and you can't lose the other 60 no matter what you do right right and then I I would go to these I remember Jimmy Moore I went on this low carb Cruise where these are people who are kind of more in that that extreme keto side of things and the rule was if it's not a carb you can eat it so it's fine to add all the chemicals it's fine to eat bad fats you just can't eat any carbs and there's all these morbidly obese people there and uh if that triggered anyone listening because I was a 300b guy so yes morbid obese is a medical term and if yeah and if that describes you you thank you for listening you can change it um so and I'd ask him and say it doesn't look like this is working like in a polite way I was there was a speaker you know there's no judgment and universally they're like oh are you kidding I used to weigh 600 lb I only weigh 400b this stuff works the problem is I mean eating 15 grams of carbs and if I could just get down to eight grams of carbs I know I'll lose the other hundreds of pounds but cycling that's one of the reasons I wrote the bulletproof diet the type of fat matters and then cycling matters so that you occasionally get some carbs for insulin sensitivity so it's it's interesting to hear that you're cycling about every couple weeks yeah for this well I tend to stay try to stay under like 40 or 50 grams a day that's my normal routine of carbs if I really want to go super keto I'll I'll shove it down to under 20 but but I usually kind of stay in the 30s like maybe 29 to 40 or 45 grams a day you know so um I'm kind of in the range of what you would call mild to moderate nutritional ketosis yeah as far as how my Ketone levels are and you use MCTS which gives you a boost you can have carbs and eat MCTS and it still works right yeah coconut oil and and MCT oil I combine those um I I actually have a mixture that I make that I gave to Steve you know yeah that's the original Alzheimer formula there and right you still sell that right yeah um yeah there's a company that sells it and the good news is that you know there's availability of it in anyone out there I mean you can get MCT by the way C8 MCT uh I wrote about that in in my book but we didn't have the studies yet but that is the one that works best for raising ketones you can mix it with coconut oil or any other fat you want and see what happens and it it might be good there's a pretty good chance you've heard about glp1 because popular drugs like AIC and wigo are manipulating this hormone that your body makes it's because glp1 plays a huge role in your metabolic health and as you age your body makes less of it lucky for you the folks at pendulum created a probiotic full of science back strains that can help your body produce more glp1 naturally based on preclinical studies glp1 probiotic by Pendulum helps curve cravings and the numbers that back in are impressive in a 6- we survey of 274 people 91% of people had less food cravings and 88% reported reduced sugar Cravings that's game-changing so give it a try if you'd like to maintain a healthy weight and Metabolism try it now at pendulum life.com with code asp20 for your first month of glp1 probiotic or any pendulum formula I want to talk more about Alzheimer's and and herpes before we get into um other effects of just keto on cognitive function other stuff we're going to talk about yeah there's definite evidence that at least some types of Alzheimer's are driven by infection um I think you know Dr Dale bredesen as well right yeah I do know I I do know him I've met him at a couple conferences he's just a great guy just very kind and giving and humble and he was on the show and he wrote his book The End of Alzheimer's and for a you know quote real doctor you know practicing in a in a institution to say something that audacious and bold was kind of a risk but he was the first guy I met who said look infectious Alzheimer's is one type there's toxic metal there's toxic mold and then there's I think a metabolic there's a couple others but to subcategorize them was I think a great breakthrough and he's had evidence where he's reversed people and you've also had great evidence for what you're talking about saying you can fix the metabolic things when it comes to herpes I just feel a moral obligation to to share this for for listeners in my in my 20s I started running a longevity nonprofit uh research and education group uh in Silicon Valley and my mentors were the Legends in the longevity field of that time and my my members in this organization were 70 80 years old and they asked me to be president of it when I'm in my 20s cuz the only person under 50 in the room and my primary biochemical Mentor was a guy who was been on the show named Steve folks Steve wrote a book that's available I think for free download uh called something like uh the end of herpes or her there it is cure herpes with BHT and BHT is a synthetic oil antioxidant that's used in food packaging uh to prevent oils from going rancid and throughout the 80s you might remember this this is a little bit before I was into longevity but I knew a lot of people who knew about it people would take BHT to inhibit breakdown of fat in their cell membranes and it was considered a longevity drug and it's almost free now it turns out at very low doses it can be a mild indine disruptor and if you replace something like half of your food food for a year with it I'm exagger but very very high doses it might be procancer but at the 300 milligram kind of dose it stops all all lipid encapsulated viruses including every kind of pox and herbees all the different simplexes so from about a dollar within three days you can make a cold SAR or a fever blister or a herpes outbreak dry up and stop wow and it's not a$1 thousand drug it's not highly profitable uh and I know a lot of people with shingles they're just in terop like just rub some like put it in some lotion and rub it on and take a couple capsules and a few days later like I'm fine so I feel like everyone who has Herpes the first time you have an outbreak and I think half of people have herpes virus in in their in their systems if they whether they know it or not you could just take a little bit of this stuff on occasion and net net it seems a good idea and this is what Steve Steve taught me and he's been publicizing this for years so you can stop small pox not that we have that running around monkey pox chicken pox um some sort of new invented pox that'll make some government guy the next billion dollars pox all of the poxes you can you can stop them and you can stop herpes and it won't go away permanently it just cannot replicate at all and that means it stops replicating and you do this for a brief period of time I know people have done it and never had another outbreak other people do it when they have an outbreak but the outbreaks become less and less if this knowledge was out there and your husband had access to it it would have been worth it for him to know that and it drives me crazy yeah I had not heard about that at the time uh we were told that lysine uh was effective and you know so he was getting lysine all the time he would still have some outbreaks yeah line helps and argine makes it worse yeah and but by way I've never had I've never had um a problem with herpes I used to think I did because I was getting like autoimmune little white nodules those are actually food allergies but on blood test all I don't but I know a lot about this because I've mentored so many people and because one of my um most impactful mentors taught me this stuff so I I just want to pass it pass it on yeah no I I appreciate that I mean um so we're gonna like coconut oil was the intervention the first intervention was steveen half of the coconut oil is laric acid which is C12 and LC acid is also highly antimicrobial right so I think that that factor factored into controlling you know and helping him improve um it kills um all of the viruses in the herpes family it kills um bacteria fungi spets like the lime uh uh which is uh it causes symptoms very similar to alzheimer's it's a very Pro you know Common infection I think about about a quarter million people in the US have this infection every year and it kills that um spites are in the same family as syphilis I mean spyit cause syphilis and syphilis is known to cause dementia if it's not treated so after we started coconut oil with Steve it was really rare for him to have an outbreak over the next eight years he had four tiny outbreaks and it was usually he would have a cold or some other infection and then he would break out with like a small fever blister he used to have a fat fever blister every two or three weeks before that wow so it really did help control it but I'm definitely going to che check out um BHT too it goes so well with a a high-fat ketogenic diet too yeah yeah and so I know I I know some um some families with kids who get a chickenpox uh because their parents believe that you might only want to vaccinate for life-threatening illnesses and chickenpox is not lifethreatening not usually if you're get it as an adult it it can be really serious yeah that's true which is probably why you might want to get it as a kid but you know that's that's old way of thinking and I I would never ascribe to Old way of thinking but anyway I know some people who who do that and they're like well what can we do well the answer is you want the immune stimulation effects of it so after the first wave of little itchy whatevers you have to get some BHT they don't have to go through seven waves of little things and they get they get the lifelong reduction of of their respiratory illnesses it turns out that having an exposure there a brief one that the body handles probably has some benefits that aren't talked about and I'm not saying guys you should go out and you know get chicken boox on purpose or not I'm just saying that evolutionarily there might have been a reason it was there and if it did happen for whatever reason you can reduce the severity of it uh very very quickly with BHT and Von who's been on the show The Food Babe um who's a friend uh that's when I talked about business a lot um you know she's like on a war path get BHD out of packaging and she probably has a point because very lowd dose BHD um has an endocrine disrupting effect it's a very low effect yeah I don't worry about BHD that much compared to BPA and all the other endocrine disruptors atrazine and microplastics but the risk of herpes uh longterm and what it does is higher than think so if if anyone listening has that going on the book is free Steve folks fkes listen to my interview with him Google Dave asy Steve folks you'll find it or the book is free and it's what it the PHT book is what it's called now so there you go yeah well a relative to the um Herby simplex virus the shingles virus which comes from chickenpox Herby Zer zuster virus there are studies now at really large epidemiological studies that were conducted in the UK two different big cohorts that they had and they found that people that got the shingles vaccine to prevent shingles were it was much less likely it was maybe 27 or 30% less likely to develop dementia and people that had not gotten the vaccine and then there was another study that showing that um there's a treatment for shingles called um acyclovir and ballet cycl is a close relative to that that penetrates the brain better so people that had shingles and got treated with this particular medic were also much less likely to develop dementia interesting so avoiding these infections and that her whole herpes family is pretty serious Epstein bar virus has been Associated and that's the one that causes mononucleosis has been associated with multiple sclerosis Ms and also with just chronic fatigue syndrome which I had mine was caused by toxic mold but yeah it's a it's a very complex bundle and even uh even your as gout that's linked to uh oxalate and it's linked to mass Cell Activation and these viruses activate mass cells all over the place so we get these things what's the chicken what's the egg metabolism is the Chicken and the Egg yeah it is and that's why in your work in your books on ketones and brain health and all like let's fix that and then these other things the body becomes more resilient yeah yeah most cookware and appliances contain toxic forever chemicals that's why at my home I use cookware from our place this is a Miss driven company that makes Kitchen products that look really good but they're designed to be healthy and sustainable no pfas no PTFE or Teflon it turns out that most non-stick pans today have pfas and globally environmentalists and people who care about human health are saying we've got to stop the European Union plans to prohibit pfas by 2025 but especially in the US most cookware Brands continue to use those forever chemicals because they're cheap I like our place cookware because it's always been pfas free and it's got durable toxin-free ceramic Coatings that really work so I know it's safe when I cook and it doesn't stick there's another reason you might want to go back to using our place cookware instead of fancy appliances because you'll find tfas in air fryers pressure cookers crockpots even the rim of blenders our place has non-toxic appliances and more than 75,000 five-star reviews and mentioned the New York Times Bon appe petite and a lot more in order to live a long time and feel better along the way you need to eliminate forever chemicals from your kitchen this is a real problem so upgrade to our place today and give it a try go to fromourplace decom use code Dave and look give you 10% off everything you also get a 100 day trial and free shipping and returns that's fromourplace decom use code Dave talk to me about insulin resistance and brain inflammation in Alzheimer's and what do you know about that okay so yeah this is something I've um been uh looking into and reading about for a long time so Steve um for those who don't know he had a big Improvement when we introduced first coconut oil into his diet and the reason I did that was because it contains medium chain triglycerides um which is Art in you know medium well NCT oil medium chain triglyceride oil is extracted from coconut oil and I I had come upon a press release about a medical food that was going to come out about a year later and it was C8 it was the MCT C8 and I knew what MCTS were because I'm a neonatologist we used to add them to the feedings of our tiniest premies these Maybe or two pounds um and you know to each feeding and they would get home faster and they would Thrive you know when you would give this MCT oil and then they start adding it the premature formulas and then newborn formulas and if you look on pretty much any commercial infant formula you'll see coconut oil or Palm kernel oil on the label even now you know because they're trying to provide these medium chain triglycerides that are in human breast milk um so that's why they include coconut oil in inant formulas to try to provide these fats that are in human milk but they're not in other common oils or not like soybean oil olive oil peanut oil they don't contain any of these medium chain triglycerides you know so I Came Upon a press release and they had done uh the company that was coming out with the medical food had done two studies one was a pilot study um they gave uh 20 people on one day a placebo on another day they got uh C8 MCT and nine out of 20 people had an improvement in their cognitive score compared to the day that they got the placebo and then they did a long study it was um they tested them at 45 days 90 days and some stayed for six months and it was 152 people and they found that nearly half of them also had Improvement in their cognition and that it was sustained you know over this uh period of time that they were in the study and um this was so interesting to me because none of the drugs for Alzheimer's ever have claimed that they improved cognition they only claimed the slow decline yeah so and Steve was on a couple of them at that time he was on AOSP and Namenda you know at that point and he was declining you know he was declining nevertheless never saw any change or Improvement in him from that so um you know he happened to be trying out for two clinical trials two days in a row so it was a really interesting coincidence that I happened about the press release I was looking for the risk and benefits of the two drugs he was going to try out for they were both drugs that would remove plaque from the brain and I happened on a press release about this medical food that was going to come out in about a year about these studies and I was able to find a patent application and that's when I found out about insulin resistance as being um a major contributor to Alzheimer's disease and the thing about MCT oil and the coconut oil because of it is when you consume you know MCTS your liver will convert part of it to ketones no matter what you eat and ketones are taken up and can bypass the problem of insulin resistance so with insulin resistance there's trouble getting glucose into the brain and into brain cells and cells need fuel brain cells are really active they need fuel continuously 247 but ketones don't require insulin to get into the brain or into cells and they could bypass that problem and so that was their Theory you know of why they came up with this medical food this MCT all medical food and now they had studies showing that they did see Improvement and almost half the people that took it so you know I was really kind of blown away and I was familiar with these ideas you know um they talked about you know during starvation uh or fasting prolonged fasting you know after 2 36 hours um you use up the stores of glucose in your liver and then you start breaking down muscle if you didn't have fat but instead we start breaking down fat and most of our organs except the brain have access to fatty acids that can act as fuel the art loves fatty yes kidneys love it but it they don't cross into the brain very well but um ketones do cross and so when you're in the starvation or fasting phase um some of the fat that is presented to the liver will be converted to ketones and provide fuel to the brain and um if you're on a really long like period of starvation we're talking 10 to 20 days Ketone levels will get extremely high and be able to provide about two-thirds of the fuel to the brain and there's still some glucose but the body's capable of making glucose from proteins and from the the glycerol part of the fat yeah it can be converted to to glucose you know so the brain will still have access to glucose if you're as long as you have fat to burn so um and anyway this thing about insulin resistance what they talked about um was that it was present in people they had studied done autopsies of brains of people who had died with Alzheimer's and these were people that did not have type one or type two diabetes but they found that they did have insulin resistance and Insulin deficiency in their brains and that this you know was in the area where ulzheimer starts and that it progressed through the brain worsened you know steadily as the disease progressed you know so they were able to show that insulin resistance is a big part of this problem and you know this has been like known since the 1980s they do fdg pet scans these are glucose uptake pet scans and they've shown that people with Alzheimer's uh and people that are going to get Alzheimer's can have this problem 10 to 20 years before they ever develop symptoms you know so you might already be on track heading towards Alzheimer's because of this insulin uh resistance problem in the brain long before you have symptoms or aware of it you know I was on that track me too me too I'm very firmly off the track now yeah all the the data one of the things I came across both for Alzheimer's and also just for cognitive enhancement in general is nasal insulin so it's nasal spray and I mean you take a little a little thing like like this this is if you're just listening it's just a little meter dose spray bottle and you put it in your nose and you spray it and you can do it once or twice a day and it directly affects glucose uptake in the brain and it's something that helps with early onset Alzheimer's kind of like treating type two diabetes with insulin you don't necessarily want to rely on it but it's better than having Alzheimer's yeah and from a cognitive enhancement perspective if you have no metabolic disregulation and you want to just be dialed in you're going to meditate and download your next whatever or you're going to just work on a really focused project where just full presence and openness is required small amount of nasal insulin is a very potent neut Tropic it seems like it's probably good for you what do you think about that um there have been a few studies of it and that um at Wake Forest Dr Suzanne craft and her group have been studying this and um they um their pilot studies look really good one of their longer studies um it didn't show as much benefit I think as they H that it would and I kind of have some ideas about that number one if you're still eating a poor diet you know high sugar diet you're going to perpetuate the problem of insulin resistance and I think it would be ideal to try to reverse the insulin resistance you know by eating a healthier diet the other thing too um I wonder you know the way it gets in there's these little perforations in the base of the skull and it can get up to the brain that way um the insulin but I wonder how well distributed it is throughout the brain so that's one of my questions about it I don't know either yeah yeah one of the other longevity therapies that I do specifically for Alzheimer's and just for General Health is I take a micro do Calis now Calis is a erectile dysfunction drug at full dose you you use it for for um sexy time but we're talking six milligrams which is a very very low dose to increase blood flow in the brain yeah in my case I know I need that because of all the health problems I used to have and when I did my first scan with Dr Daniel Aman uh many years ago uh I was several standard deviations lower uh on blood flow in my brain than average and I had damage to my brain from mold toxin so since then I've robbed my blood flow in my brain back up to slightly below normal levels through great effort and I'm actually doing things to keep my blood pressure high enough to make sure my brain is profused and it turns out Calis helps yeah so it seems like if you were to take Cialis or something like n101 the nitric oxide lozes and do nasal insulin at the same time you'd probably get really good perfusion of it and then you'd have a brain that's like wow I remember my brain used to feel this way I want that back more yeah I haven't stacked them but I think I I would try that yeah well they're actually doing studies for Alzheimer's with that to try to improve blood flow to the brain so um and I they're also doing studies in newborns with yellers yeah and it's there's a condition um um called persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn and it's a terrible it's a horrible thing you know I dealt with it a lot you know as a neonatologist and this would be usually a full-term baby and the arteries like after a baby's born the lungs have to expand and the arteries open up and blood flow just starts pouring out to the arteries it's before the baby's born it's about 10% of what it's going to be after the baby's born the blood flow to the lungs so this has to happen very quickly but in some cases the baby's arteries don't dilate normally oh of course it would work for that it's serious it's very serious and um you know we you know they would be on a ventilator You' HP hyperventilate them you know for days and days and and ited had a pretty high mortality rate and then um someone had a brilliant idea to actually use the gas nitric oxide directly that we would you know um put in with the oxygen and I I had so many babies that like almost immediately responded to that and then you know they were off of ventilator a day later you know got to go home um but they're also studying Viagra to um and maybe Salis um to see if it could have a similar effect you know medication that would help dilate the arteries so just another Point opposite end of the spectrum you know but it it makes so much sense my gut says for that you should just give him one breath of carbon dioxide and that's going to fix everything because you get a physiological response from that that's going to increase oxygen of take everything will will dilate yeah it didn't it didn't work and the newborns you guys have tried that well um the babies would actually have very high carbon dioxide levels too their lungs AR really expanding normally are getting blood flow so for carbon carbon dioxide will build up in the lungs and in the blood yeah you don't want to you don't want to build it up so that's why we would hyperventilate them to get their carbon dioxide levels down you know and that you know the babies you before we had nitric oxide that came along that's what we did you know to save those babies to drop it it's uh it it's it's a different thing um it's very complex yeah James Nester and I talked about something like this and yeah complex I mean you're you're an expert in in the neonatal care it it's just one of those things where you take people who are having you know panic attacks and having constriction in just one breath it's not going to raise levels physiologically over time but it the body goes oh I should do something about that it's like a strong enough signal to then cause an opening uh but who knows I mean there like I said it's way more complex outside my pay grade but I always I'm always interested in what happens with carbon dioxide oxygen and ketosis so can you walk me through your understanding of ketones and and being on this high fat diet or using MCTS or or Ketone supplements what does it do to carbon dioxide and acid alkaline basis kind of why we do metabolism yeah um pH balance is very complicated and that that was one thing um I was constantly getting blood gases on newborns mostly with who had respiratory problems um and there's really two types of of um acidosis one's respiratory acidosis and that's where the carbon dioxide levels are too high um it'll develop a respiratory acidosis and then you can correct that by hyperventilating the patient to get the carbon dioxide levels down right but the body also has buffers so um you know your buffers will come out in full force you know to try to correct that problem but you can have the other way around in keto acidosis you you have a metabolic acidosis not a respiratory acidosis and um it you know basically is driving your pH Down and when it happens I mean all the enzymes in our body require a very specific pH you know a range a very narrow range of phes operate appropriately and the reason why acidosis can be harmful is because it will you know basically get out of the range that these enzymes function normally in and I mean there are so many enzymes I mean hundreds and hundreds of different enzymes that could be affected with acidosis and it can only be maintained for so long you know so um diabetic keto acidosis is a perfect example of where ketosis gets out of control but this happens in people who usually have type 1 diabetes it can happen in type two diabetes when the pancreas just isn't functioning or putting out insulin anymore but um the glucose level gets extremely high there basically effectively no insulin on board and insulin is required to really control blood glucose um and then um when uh if this isn't corrected pretty quickly if the person doesn't get insulin the ketones will start pouring out of the fat none of this you the organs aren't getting glucose you know the brain isn't I mean you know because there isn't insulin to get it into the cells and all you know basically all of the organs and so fat starts breaking down to try to provide a fuel fatty acids and ketones but it gets out of control you know because it's not been corrected and ketones at extremely high levels do become acidotic and can really lower the ph and it can kill some if it's not corrected I mean this used to happen you before insulin was available that was 1921 that it came out um you know before that you know people would die you know with type one diabetes um because of this um diabetic keto acidosis it's amazing I mean you're an early voice in the keto movement so am I and the number of doctors who would look me right in the face and say you can't have ketosis keto acidosis you're going to die and I'm like laughing on my dude I I pee on a ketone stick to measure my ketones and it's pink that means I'm in ketosis and I'm talking to you there is abundant evidence this is not true not to mention the hundreds of thousands of people are losing weight on this weird butter coffee thing yeah and so there's like an almost religious fear of it but it it seems like in ketosis especially if you're eating a lot of protein you do raise tissue not NE not necessar blood but you raise tissue acidity and in my longevity book there's this amazing thing that extends lifespan by about 15% in mammals in some studies it's called baking soda yeah a quarter teaspoon or half a teaspoon of baking soda and it gives you a carbonate buffer so your body can better manage this yeah it seems like a cheap longevity hack for people in ketosis what do you think of that yeah I agree with that um it's um in fact you know some of the ketone exogenous Ketone products have free BET hydroxy berate and which is an acid and so they'll they'll use that as a buffer or some other similar you know buffer to help you know keep the pH in line you know basically so to speak um and it's possible to get too much of a ketone eser for example you could take very high doses stack them too close together and that will put you in keto acidosis but it's not diabetic keto acidosis it's really a temporary situation and um there there is a study um it was done with athletes Kieran Clark and they they reported that the ph and the bicarbonate levels that's another measure of you know acid base that they were normal in the study but in actuality you know the pH did drop when they got a really high dose it was 25 gram of um well for somebody that was 150 PBS that would equal about 25 grams of a ketone Esther and I'm a big fan of the Ketone Esters you just got to be careful um and but the pH did drop it did drop and it was below what Critical Care Specialists would be would consider normal it was below that level and the bicarbonate level dropped very substantially and um it was it was below the normal level you know what what we know as the normal range and two hours later it still hadn't corrected you know yet it seems a little sketchy to me and and for listeners if if you're kind of new to this world raising ketones is metabolically beneficial and doing it sometimes but not all the time seems to be the right way to do it that those the whole basis of the the bulletproof diet book it's almost at a million copies I think globally and here's here's the way to think of of ketones you can get them for free by not eating for several days but it's hard and it feels like it feels crappy it you can get them much more quickly by not eating and having well let's just say danger coffee my new brand of coffee with butter and MCT oil in it yeah danger coffee because who knows what you might do so we have this idea okay don't eat or eat fat and C8 MCTS only and you will be in ketosis which has all kinds of metabolic benefits brain benefits you feel good you're not hungry you lose weight like it feels kind of magical but then you could go beyond that and you could say all right I'm going to take Ketone salts and there are risks with salts I'm not as big of a fan one of the preeminent researchers for 40 years of of ketosis and mitochondria Dr V in his last interview before he passed away it was on the show yeah total hero for metabolic nerds and uh he just said stra up Ketone salts are harmful for mitochondria and I think he's right so I don't use them and I've just never felt right on them and then we have Ketone Esters and I I synthesized some um back in like 2014 they're very expensive they taste bad but they uncontrollably raise ketones and the newest thing on the market is called a ketone diol a ketone IQ makes it yeah and that will raise ketones substantially but it's rate limited by the body so there's no risk of acidosis so for me when someone says Dave how do I go in kosis I'm like well for free don't eat for cheap have some C8 MCT and butter and your Cofe if you want to spend more and get more results because you're an athlete or you're you have Alzheimer's or you're just really focused on this I just say skip straight to the Ketone dial and Ketone IQ is is the one that I've I've taken I actually take it when I travel just did an interview with those guys yeah it's one of the components of the Ketone Ester that Dr V had developed um yeah and it's convers to Beta hydroxy berate that that's the trick that's why he used that you he he created his Ester as a combination the Free Bet hydroxy berate and butane Nile that are linked together as an Esther so that it's not acidic when it hits your stomach that that's kind of the beauty of it you he was worried that too much free acid would burn a hole in your stomach he used to tell me that all the time so cre started to bypass that problem and and so you know you get by the away the as it breaks apart you get the beta hydroxy berate and then the butane dial Will convert to more beta hydroxy berate you know each molecule will have two more um molecules of beta hydroxy mutate from mutane dial so it was really a beautiful way to do it um and you know U my husband Steve I don't know if you know this but he was the first person with Alzheimer's to be in a pilot study with dierich Ester I didn't realize that oh that's so cool yeah so I was swart to secrecy when I was writing my books you know um when I wrote my first book and my the second edition of my first book in 2013 you know Steve was was taking it um in a pilot study and he had um so he improved a whole lot you know with coconut and MCT oil you know he was really at stage five to six of Alzheimer's wow he was far along he was very far along and he came back closer to like stage four which was really pretty functional you know people can get along he was able to work as a volunteer in the hospital that I worked at talking better walking normally again Tremors gone um remembering no knowing family members being able to talk fluently and remember things that happened you know hours earlier you know just incredibly better that over time you know over about nine or 10 months we saw improvements and then he kind of stabilized and then he was in a clinical trial and it was semesta stat it was a drug that removed plaque from the brain and um he was on the placebo for 18 months oh no what was the drug the drug was called seasat and okay and it was um he was in a cross over trial and that's why we did that study we were so hopeful that this would be a cure for Alzheimer's disease and you know and he was already improving with the coconut and MCT oil before we started the study and they let him be in anyway they had participated in the studies of that medical food so they knew exactly what what it was that we were doing but he was on Placebo we found out later for 18 months so he wasn't getting the drug well then in um 2010 early 2010 so two years after he improved with the um coconut and MCT oil he was switch he switched over we found out later he switched over we kind of thought he did because his hair sort coming out a different color like gold which was a known side effect of the drug but he had a big setback over six weeks he developed all kinds of new symptoms weird things abrasions that wouldn't heal he fainted which he'd never done before you know just really strange things and um he broke out in a fever blister that was one of the few times he had done that he had a cold he had diarrhea I mean he have all these problems so I pulled him out of the study and then we were told a few months later that this drug actually accelerated Alzheimer's oh no so St had a setback and Dr Beach you know they had just finished toxicity testing of the the Ketone Esther and he said uh why don't we do a pilot study since I was an MD you know I could monitor him closely you know for symptoms or problems and so Beach was really comfortable with doing that so we did a pilot study of one person with his his keto ner and it turned around like there were some things he had to be at the point that he started the Esther you know he needed help which he hadn't needed for you know a couple years at that point with he had to be talked through taken a shower step by step put the shampoo in your hair okay now rub it around okay now R shaving brushing his teeth all of that he had to be prompted for each step and the very next day he he could just do it again he could just do do things by himself and um all the new symptoms that we saw within about six weeks were completely reversed again so it was quite a miracle and Steve was getting a hefty dose he was getting 25 grams three times a day we had experimented with different doses do Dr Beach didn't know exactly what dose a human would need you know up to that point it had been mice and I think he he told me that he had been taking it himself for the previous year to make sure it didn't kill anybody before he gave it to somebody else he told me he was he was a character anyway um so you know Steve you know dramatically it turned him around and then he was stable for another 20 months um and so it was almost four years of improved better quality life that Steve got from taking coconut and MCT oil and then this Ketone Esther we did continue the coconut and MCT oil too okay and um sadly I mean he did die from Alzheimer's disease um and he turned to also have Louis body um dementia along with it which is common to have those two together especially in younger people that get it um but he had a seizure one day he was looked he looked great he told me he loved me gave me a hug when I went out the door I stayed with him when I worked five minutes later she called me and he had fallen straight back hit his head and he went into a seizure that lasted 20 minutes oh he was blue and he wasn't breathing off and on and when I got home he still was blue when EMS had hadn't arrived yet and it was just horrible he had a um he just became completely dependent after that and um he lived another two and a half years we kept the keton Ester and everything going and he looked perfect from the neck down his body I mean he in great shape you know but Alzheimer's did get him in the end and you know I can imagine you know when the first study of the ma of the um medical food came out was 2004 which was the year he was diagnosed and if only I had known about it had seen the article which was an obscure Journal about this MCT product you know it could have made a big difference and we got started in 2008 you know with it and but it got us four extra better years and um you know a lot of other people have learned about it because um I wasn't going to let it wait a year for a medical food to come out it was on the Shelf yeah it was sold online and um had a couple types of MC tea and and you can find it in some health food stores and coconut oil was everywhere at health food stores even my grocery store had a brand of coconut oil at the time you know so I thought why should people have to wait for a medical food they you know need to know about it so I I went um I was obsessed with getting the message out I hope that this story gives hope to listeners like you may have Alzheimer's your parents may have it your partner may have it four more good years in the very early days of understanding what we understand now if you read Mary's book you read Dr brison's end of Alzheimer's and you read headstrong my book there is so much you can do including with ketones and with other things uh and even something we we mentioned nasal insulin you can also use nicotine patches or nicotine spray I've had Dr nicotine from vender built on since 1986 he's been prob what pharmaceutical nicotine not smoking does and if you were to stack these with all the other mitochondrial things there is a very great likelihood that at worst case Whoever has Alzheimer's might have a really good day today and there's also a strong argument that they might have a lot more of those good days than they otherwise would and we have people who have fully reversed Alzheimer's disease especially early onset early stage yeah it's doable it's not a death sentence and serious it's serious like diabetes of the brain which is what some people call it you can reverse diabetes too so I I hope that the hope is there yeah and diet has so much to do with it um you know um uh you probably met Dr Eric Westman maybe Duke University he has helped over 4,000 people with type two diabetes completely revers get off all their medications insulin and get their hemoglobin A1c into the normal range and fasting glucose and fasting insulin and they also lose weight in the process and there are a few case reports of people with early with Alzheimer's you know um like the minial status exam uh it's 30 points you know so these were people uh two of the case reports of man love as a man love as a woman their Min mental status score was 21 for the woman 23 for the man and they went on a ketogenic diet and also a program with of exercise and brain training after 10 weeks all of their numbers for you know they they also had diabetes type two diabetes all of their numbers reversed to normal for glucose control their blood pressure came down their lipid profile you know looked really good they lost weight and their mini metal status scores went up from 21 to 28 in the case of the woman and the man 23 to 29 out of 30 so they were diagnosed with with mild Alzheimer's and now they had normal scores it's doable it's doable it's doable and and they were they were aiming for mild to moderate uh ketosis they were you know they they were hoping to get Ketone levels of 05 you know people that know Ketone levels that's that's kind of at the bottom of mild ketosis and the man averaged like one Millo um levels and and he had that a dramatic Improvement you know from 23 to 29 out of 30 points and all of the other benefits you know so diet can really help a lot staying away from sugar fructose especially is especially bad yeah fructus Omega sixes in excess all all of those it I'm thinking back to around 2004 uh when that first study came out um I was running the longevity nonprofit group in paloalto and these guys they were just ahead of their of their time so in in the early 90s you couldn't really buy coconut oil in the US like it was just off the market because it was a hard tropical fat yeah I could find like two Brands you know when I started I don't have this for a fact but this group started in 1993 and they told me that they were the first group to import coconut oil um in the 90s and that they' found a supplier and they bought a 55 gallon drum of it because they couldn't buy it you know in the Bay area where you can buy most things and that you they were in it because they' heard about these metabolic increases yeah and then around that time let's see around at 2004 around there that medical study came out and we were already starting to use MCT oil back then so I'm blessed because it was turning my brain on I had profound chronic fatigue like I was worried about getting Ms or or like my brain was cooked and so these very early innovators mentored me taught me about MCTS like same as you I got to tell put this out there my first blog post about biohacking was here's my recipe for Bulletproof Coffee but people would buy MCTS and they would get disaster pants that burning throat and then you like poop on yourself oh yeah it's because of impurities in the process so then I'm like okay ca works better and it's pure and you don't have the gastric distress yeah it was this evolutionary thing and now people say oh MCT everyone knows about MCT no it was a few weird weightlifters and the GI disturbances were great right yeah malabsorption syndromes yeah yeah and for premature newborns and regular newborns that had intestinal distress they added MCT other formulas it's true you you knew about that uh in the in the neonatal stuff I knew about it in the 70s you know that it was beneficial for that malabsorption I didn't know about um you know the um the cognitive effects you know that was new to me you know when I read about this in 2008 and I wish I seen that in 2004 like you Han of course the timing would have been great but it it goes to the reason that I think you do a lot of your work around just education and certainly why I have the show why I started this this biohacking movement is if you just know that it's possible and you have a short list of the possible tools if it's important to you now you can do it and for me I was desperate I I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars trying to get my brain back and just not being pain all the time because I was afraid I wouldn't be able to keep working in my 20s and um it I'm just profoundly grateful for my elders who who mentored me that way and showed me that they could do it like well if you're 8an you can do it I could probably pull this off and and so it's it's your job it's my job everyone listening it's your job too if you know this stuff and you see someone with allheim it's like maybe she'll listen to that episode maybe get a book some of them will will listen to you and they'll do it and others will say that's just too simple that is not possible a lot of doctors you know react that way they won't even take the information from their patients you know which is really sad yeah but then there are other open-minded Physicians who are listening and they have patients that approve and then they start telling their other patients about it and they start attending metabolic conferences um at the last um one metabolic Health Summit that I went to had um it was over 350 positions that attended that one you know which was U really great and a lot of other researchers a lot of the public you know a lot of people interested in metabolic Health it really you know so the word it's getting out there just not quickly enough and you probably are aware of the metabolic Psychiatry um component of it you know you mentioned um osers you know autism all of that and they're finding that ketogenic diets they haven't uh done too much in the way of studies yet with MCT or coconut or or exogenous ketones although I think those are kind of planned you know but with a ketogenic diet they've been able to help people tremendously that have schizophrenia bipolar disorder depression anxiety you know it's really incredible and then children with autism too you know will respond you know many of them have seizures and they'll respond to a ketogenic diet and they'll see improvements in their their behavior and their mood too you know when they go on a ketogenic diet and people with Alzheimers have Improvement in their behavior and mood they become less violent yeah right which is important because when you have more advanced Souls they don't really know what's going on so they'll hit you or something in Care Homes and if you can just reduce that I I I'm firmly to the point in just my understanding of Consciousness and meditation and all the Neuroscience stuff that I do with 40 Years of Zen my my brain upgrade company when you have enough energy in the body it creates peace and if you have metabolic disregulation it creates physiological stress that feels like emotional stress the body's like some's something's not right and and then you're going to treat other people without kindness and if your brain is not working well because of Alzheimer's metabolic disregulation and you know someone's trying to help you of course you're going to push them away or whatever because of the physiological effects of lack of electrons we we can fix all of this and it's not even that hard was what we know today versus what we knew a while ago and what we're going to know over the next two years and five years and 10 years I think Alzheimer's is going to become an optional illness for the vast majority of people who have it and it's not going to be a blockbuster drug that does it yeah oh I agree they have been trying there are hundreds hundreds of studies 40 of them with these um plat you know plaque reducing drugs theyve all all of those have failed or made people worse um a couple of them that there really expensive ad of Helm you know that came out it was out for a couple years they actually took it off the market that the company did extremely expensive over $30,000 just for the per year just for the drug it's an intravenous drug and then you have to pay for all the doctor visits and the supplies and everything to give you the infusion of the IV on top of it so extremely expensive but it had you know really a very tiny slowdown 20% would have side effects and that we're talking swelling uh fluid leakage in the brain and and blood leaking into the brain were common I mean 20% you know side effects so one out of five chance you'll have a serious side effect versus possibly slowing the decline which was equivalent to maybe slowing it by four months you know for this extreme expense just really not worth it and uh a couple others have come on the market you know recently that basically do kind of the same thing but wouldn't it be better instead to focus on a healthier diet and uh avoiding the things that we know you know could Poss possibly reduce that you know um my the book um clearly keto you know a big chunk of it is devoted to talking about diabetes and the problem of sugar and insulin resistance and then it goes into a Mediterranean diet and each of the food groups why is this food group important you know really explains it and then has a plan for it but the rest of the book you know I talk about other things you know other lifestyle choices that people make and you know there experts out there now that say that much as 40% of um cases of dementia could be avoided just by making lifestyle changes and number two diet is number one and number two is exercise getting more physical activity um controlling blood pressure a lot of people don't even know they have high blood pressure you know much less are they controlling it getting enough sleep and not getting too much sleep treating sleep apnea there are a bunch of things like that so the really the second half of my book is devoted to things Beyond diet yeah you've got like a m list in the book of all the stuff that you should do it's everything I could find you know and certain medications over-the-counter medications anticholinergic drugs so these are things that you use for um decongestants and Culp syrups um antihistamines sleep aids um they're anti-cholinergic so coleric there's a um neurotransmitter called acetal choline so that that's a coleric so an anti-cholinergic keeps acetylcholine from being being produced normally it inhibits production of it and it's already deficient in Alzheimer's disease so taking anti-allergy drugs like benagil or something could make Alzheimer's worse and and make you more confused because you'll have even less acetal choline which is involved with learning and memory and a lot of other functions um so that's another example I go into detail about that and other types of medications that can mimic or worsen or make somebody look like they have you know dementia um or contribute to it you know possibly even trigger it you know so you know there's just a whole lot of information in the book you know beyond diet that I think people would find really helpful it's a really good compilation from someone who has you know really personal uh experience with it and that's your motivation and 30 years of experience working in one of the most clinically difficult uh environments you know with neonatal kids so I think that Comin of deep knowledge and experience plus motivation on the personal front equals a book that's willing to break some boundaries and that's why I want to have you on the show because I I genuinely yeah I appreciate your work and and I I think the audience will as well there's there's so much power that we have and I I I imagine my life would be like had I not stumbled across this stuff in the early odds um in my late 20s and early 30s I went from working my ass off in my career and struggling and kind of hiding that I couldn't remember stuff and that I was exhausted all the time to um like my body changed my brain changed and I have never had a better functioning brain now and if I had not come across that I'm pretty sure I would either be on disability or dead today I was not headed in a good direction my doctor told me high risk of stroke and heart attack I'm not even 30 so no one should have to go through what I went through no one should have to go through what um your husband Steve went through either because we know now we didn't know in 2004 we didn't know in the 90s um and if you're listening to this in your 20s or 30s it's really cheap start now you'll just make more than your friends and be metabolically more fit and have more energy and like you'll win now but it costs pennies to not age and it costs hundreds of dollars to reverse your age if you did it wrong when you were young since you get payback now if doing it in your 20s or 30s you might as well do it now because it's cheap and because you feel so good and when you're 40 or 50 which is hard to imagine if you're 20 well he just look back go I still feel like I'm 20 and it's that easy and I would like to have not had to spend $2 million reversing my age uh and at least a million of that came from making bad decisions or even decisions I didn't know about when I was young but we can do this now and your book is a great primer for what to do for your brain at any age to make people uh make people just feel better so thank you Mary oh you're welcome yeah and I I totally agree with that too you know from my own point of view you know um changing my diet around I have Alzheimer's my grandmother maternal aunt and two of my cousins who are just a few years older than me have already died from Alzheimer's disease you know so I was really worried and you know I if this could help somebody with who already has Alzheimer's it could help prevent it and so when Steve started taking coconut and MC I did too like right away and I I saw found that I had greater mental endurance I called it you know I had a demanding job but even so sometimes I'd be like no what was the name of that medication again something it should be on the tip of my tongue that went away you know immediately and I wasn't even really feeling like I had that much brainfall but just slightly noticeable but that went away and I you know just felt like I had greater mental endurance which I needed because I was constantly writing and reading and um you know about all of this and um you know I I feel great you know I'm 72 um I've been doing Mediterranean diet for 18 years and then coconut and MCT for 16 years and um a few other Ketone supplements I take you know as well but um you know no prescription medications completely normal blood pressure you know not a hint of diabetes you know really good fasting blood sugar it and you know and you can do this with really a mild to moderate level of of ketosis you know cutting way back on carbs I mean they average I think in the US is about 300 to 400 grams of carbs a day you know so if you can cut down to 10% of that which is where I'm at you can still have little portions I'll have a little thing of oatmeal with some sunflower seeds with it or something like that you know um and still enjoy a few of those things and have some carbs mostly fiber low glycemic and you know have a very enjoyable diet I love the diet that I'm eating and I'm not thinking about sugar all the time like and I used to constantly think about sugar you don't have to be carbohydrate free in fact I don't think it's good for your gut backacter I went through like several months of what we would Now call carnivore when I was stress testing the bulletproof diet and I got leaky gut and it ruined my sleep and I got more allergies from it but would should you do that for a week or two weeks of time sure uh it can be really good especially for performance or weight loss it's funny where I am now that I really fixed my metabolism I got my cell membranes composed the right way and my or I eat 250 grams of carbs a day and I'm 4.8% body fat yeah that's half of what most people are eating yeah it's still not crazy you know I eat a meaningful amount of white rice and some honey your fruit or something um and I get enough protein and I get the right kinds of fat and I would not have been able to do that when I was 40 because my metabolism wasn't yet repaired and if I did that I would just blow up like crazy I get fat really fast so over time your carbohydrate tolerance increases but the question is do you want to do that and and this is probably beyond the scope of our our full interview here but you might want to look at your blood sugar and if you're getting a big spike don't do it and if you're not getting a big spike uh or you're doing some squats after you eat or something then you should be okay where can people find you online what's your best URL yeah uh the best way to get to me is through my website coconut ketones odly enough coconut ketones.in u t ke t o n s some people try to put a y in ketones but there isn't one and um if you Google me usually coconut ketones will pop up you know if you can't remember the name of it but um I have a contact email address in there um and just a ton of information I started the website at the end of 2008 after my husband improved you know to provide information and um there's a lot of good information there's a uh page on the keto diet start here and it's kind of a modification very similar to the diet that I'm on um and um another page for Alzheimer's and Dementia and Parkinson's disease you know really a lot of people with Parkinson's improved dramatically you know with ketogenic strategies um I you know there's some long-termers you know there in my book some people that have had really long-term success I have their stories in my my books um so that's the best way to get a hold of me and and of course I wouldn't mind if you decide to buy my book you know people listening um there's a lot of information in it and uh very specific information about how to incorporate these lifestyle changes into your life and guys what Mary just said there it is really important you vote with your dollars in fact I would argue that voting with your dollars in buying a book to imperior metabolism might make a bigger difference in the world than voting the old-fashioned way uh for the evil of two lessers uh so it it really matters so it's not going to probably change Mary's life if you do or don't buy her book because authors of books make almost nothing on them you don't get very much but it it does matter especially your review so if you buy her books buy my books but any of the guests I I bring you the very best people I can find who are doing good work in the world who have a new way of thinking and get the book and check it out and if you do if you still drink moldy coffee at a big green logo place I hope that you tip the Barista and the way you tip an author is you just leave a review right just go on Amazon or Barnes & Noble wherever you like to buy books leave a review same thing in the podcast you like the podcast share with a friend leave a review so by Mary's book go to coconut kos.com and check it out if you're interested in cognitive function and brain health and if you are let's see what are the three pillars of biohacking it's life extension living forever longevity it's cognitive enhancment and it's increasing of Consciousness so if you get your ketones up it will help you with all three and that's why ketones are Central to this and that's why I like your work so thank you Mary thanks for being a guest on the human upgrade thank you Dave I really really enjoy this convers ation and um I just know it's going to reach a lot of people out there that's the goal and the goal is if you listen to this episode it should return more than an hour's worth of value to you right and it's very easy to kind of just get caught up in scrolling on Instagram or whatever but it this this podcast has to date consumes 792 entire human lifetimes so I I don't want to be mass murderer so it better be worth your time and I would ask listeners do this for Mary and for me if there's something that's lacking in her research leave it in intereview say hey you didn't talk about this on the podcast leave it in review leave it leave a thing on my website it's like hey Dave you're not talking about this whatever like I'm always interested in improving too so let's make the show more worthwhile let's make Mar's work more worthwhile and as always uh be kind I don't care if you're really kind to me because I'm I'm a big boy but be kind to other people when you talk about this uh I see people come online and get all angry and stuff if you do that I'm gonna make fun of your mom in the comments on Instagram you don't want me to do that so let's not bully each other because I promise you that I'm gonna make fun of you so let's just be kind and if you're unkind it's because you're lacking ketones so let's just fix it yeah kindness means everything it's really better it's a better way of life I agree there you go thanks for listening and I will see you on the next episode you're listening to the human upgrade with Dave asree

  Top Comments:
  1. @deedeladee1916 [4 likes]: PHT? How do you take this, any recommendations?
Great woman and great host, that so many like to hate but he is just irreplaceable. Fantastic work Dave Asprey, you are bringing so much, keep on bringing fantastic guests like Dr Mary Newport.
  2. @robertafraser6885 [4 likes]: Awesome interview AGAIN, Dave!❤I’m purchasing Mary’s book today!!!
  3. @elizabethsievert7390 [4 likes]: I just want to say to you both Fantastic video! Also Dave you are Fantastic, you say it like it is, I love everything you are doing, for you and us
  4. @robmoore2625 [3 likes]: How important is astaxanthin for Alzheimer’s prevention?
  5. @bonniebrabson6755 [2 likes]: Thanks Dave for this wonderful opportunity to hear about this amazing interview! I have a TBI and this will help me. I’m 63 and experiencing brain fog which is scary as shit! I eat healthy
  6. @nicholassteel5529 [2 likes]: Love the pox part !!!👍✌️
  7. @GusKougianos [2 likes]: What about ozonated water ? 
Or ozone therapy ?
  8. @bangkokbullmoto [1 likes]: On Keto, eating coconut oil in the evening gave me terrible lower leg cramps around 2.00am, only way to get rid of it to get out of bed and walk around. Keto is very good for getting rid of stubborn fat but will also take out the layer of carbs around muscle if you don't dose up with a lot of fat/oil whilst doing minimum carb keto.
  9. @tamaraagusta [1 likes]: Request 🙋‍♀️ for a discussion on APOE4, keto and Alzheimer’s please!
  10. @elizabethbarker5364: Great talk and guest! Mary is a pioneer ♥
  11. @GoodHealthMom: Love her!! Dave, thank you!
  12. @labbe52: 💯❤
  13. @beckygosky: Excellent and enlightening episode, Dave! Thank you for all you do!
  14. @vibes7144: Great interview! Which book was she promoting? When I look her up, I see a few listed. I’m trying to figure out which one is the most recent and comprehensive.
  15. @nivlakhera9: This is right there why my book is being
Launched all this non sense information - BHT can damage you liver, kidney, induce cancer, make you infertile- this kind of YouTube channel is causing complications in patients I admit in hospital icu or Imc - I know people are let down by doctors I am a doctor but a YouTuber can never be a doctor amounts of studies and education we go through has a value - God I just can’t even , anyways rant over - we have functional medicine and integrative medicine doctors you can consult for alternative to main stream for preventive care but do not take your medical advise from a celebrity or YouTuber- I am turning 50 in few years and my protocol makes me look like 35, also cookware just use all clad triple plade or iron cast , don’t use ceramic coating too btw
  16. @taylorsmall2280: BHT oil supplement cannot find in a Google search, have located capsules BHT 300 m thank you, neighbor has shingles as I type, she’s suffering, video timing release miraculous! God Wink thank you.😉
  17. @LisaMcDonald-zr3id: What an amazing video Dave Asprey. Thank you for sharing your journey and the journey of Dr. Mary Newport. The totality of  information encompassed within is astounding.

- Do doctors recommend keto for Alzheimer's Disease?: Kind: captions Language: en A lot of the clinical world is embracing it, and you know, what I found with uh physicians, I'm a physician. So, um it it was it's it's really been an interesting ride with that, too. Um when Steve responded and I wrote my little case report, we happen to have a medical staff uh uh meeting, and I said, "Can I just have like 10 minutes to talk about something that happened that I need, because these are all you know, mainly internists and you know, other people who are taking care of adults and you know, geriatric age patients." And so, I told them the story of it, and um the gratifying thing to me very recently, I started going back to as my primary care doctor, a lady doctor, and it turned out she had heard that, and she told me all along she was telling her patients to do this, her people, her older people to yeah, start eating coconut oil and MCT oil. You know, that whole time from 2008 until I went back to see her, she became my primary physician. So, it sunk in, you know, with some people, and um what I found with physicians is that some of them embrace it. If they really will listen to you and read about it, the science, we were taught in medical school, I was taught that during starvation, ketones become elevated and they provide alternative fuel. And I also remember that MCT oil is converted to ketones. Those were two things I actually learned in medical school, and if doctors can just remember their basic biochemistry and think about it, um and maybe do any research and learn, you know, what Dr. Kunain has done now, he's been able to show with ketone and glucose PET scans that ketones are taken up normally in the old-timer brain, that this actually makes sense. The idea makes sense. Um and now there are a growing number of studies to support it. They're mostly small right now, but bigger studies are happening, and you know, and then there are other physicians that their their uh patient may bring in an article about it and they just won't even take it from them. They won't even read it. Stubborn people who won't learn about it. They don't think outside the box and they just tell their patient, you know, "Sorry, you have Alzheimer's. Go home and get your affairs in order. There's nothing we can do for you."

- CLEAR UP Your Mind by Defeating Brain Fog: Kind: captions Language: en brain fog isn't a medical term but it's a term used when your brain function is clouded or slow it isn't something that happens overnight but slowly creeps into our lives until even the most mundane minor task leaves us exhausted and Confused over time brain fog can block access to your thoughts creating mental disarray and eventually leading to worsening Mental Health that's about when my patients come in and say Doc there's something wrong I can't get my brain to do what it used to do there's a fog in my brain there's an important and fascinating connection between brain fog and mitochondria we're going to unpack that today in the episode through Grandma Rose's story Grandma Rose was your typical do-gooder one of eight children from a large Christian family she and everyone in their family served their family and their community in the name of the Lord but she was particularly known for her abundant endless energy and this Drew her the nickname of Mary Poppins in her late 40s several health problems had crept into her life she had thyroid problems anemia chronic headaches and was gaining plenty of weight her health declined and she felt tired constantly brain fog swept into her life and slowed her down even further at the age of 61 she was diagnosed with cancer of the white blood cells she had two major rounds of chemotherapy over the next 10 years and the burden from these poor health problems and these heavy treatments left her with only a few hours every day with energy to do the things she loved to do her memory grew worse and her Mary Poppins magnetism was gone it was heartbreaking to watch her decline Grandma Rose wasn't just my favorite patient she was my mom and after 10 long years of fighting this cancer my mom's physical exam showed lumps of cancer in her armpit and her neck and her Labs showed that the cancer was doubling every six weeks she needed chemotherapy again I'm not doing this again I'm done that's what she said to me when we stood in the foyer of the hospital processing this news I knew more chemotherapy would traumatize her brain again causing another crippling journey through what I call Zombieland the last time we did this she forgot how to use a sewing machine and although that memory came back others did not it was at this point that I asked her the most intimate question I ask patients do you trust me Mom and as she nodded the emotion flowed right out of her eyes as we left the hospital and began our Hundred Mile Drive to the farm our family home I explained to my mom that ketones are a fuel a superior Fuel and that we needed to use them to boost her energy and clear her mind the first six weeks of our ketogenic life delivered encouraging results more encouraging than I was expecting within 10 days she was off of antibiotics for the first time in a year her energy shot up and her brain cleared it was like it was back online for the first time in years she actually swept the sidewalk something she was obsessed with when I was a kid but hadn't had the energy to do in years at the six-week checkup for her cancer the numbers were better without chemotherapy but most importantly her body was alive again she was motivated to live and she was smiling with her eyes and her whole body Mary Poppins was alive again here's what was happening inside my mom's brain that increased her energy and helped her better manage that brain fog inside ourselves we have tiny organelles called mitochondria they are a component that take fuel in the form of glucose ketones are fat and turn them into energy in healthy mitochondria the sugars and fat from the food that we eat enter the mitochondria and turn into electrons that flow through an electron chain transport and they come out the other side as energy broken and dysfunctional mitochondria like in my mom's case have a much harder time producing that energy instead of of dancing down the ribbon of the electron chain transport many electrons Escape through the cracks and defects in Dysfunctional mitochondria that fuel never turns into energy if your mitochondria are broken you will lose electrons along the way you can't stop them from escaping through these cracks or defects but cells will produce over twice as much energy if their fuel is a ketone versus glucose a ketogenic diet fuels you better and your mitochondria thank you with abundant energy and that's exactly what my mom needed at the time she needed to feel better she needed to think clear and feel stronger have that longer producing energy on a ketogenic diet even the dysfunctional mitochondria have more energy when supplied with ketones furthermore those healthy cells divide giving you healthy cells with healthy mitochondria and this is where that sustainable energy comes from it's where that improved mood comes from and the clearing of that brain fog those mitochondria are fascinating if you want to learn more about how energy gets out of them check out this video I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @tinavinson3063 [5 likes]: I went fully keto in late 2017 and it took several months to get over the learning curve.  But over the next two years I lost 65 pounds and had more energy than I had in my 20s.  It was great!  Then the energy slowed down. I noticed realized I had lost quite a bit of lean tissue and collagen in my skin.  My teeth were showing stains I never had before. My gums were receding. The hair fallout was increasing...
So I "ketoed harder" and went more towards carnivore believing I must have been doing it wrong.  Things did not improve.  Even thought I was eating neatly 3,000 calories a day, I had no energy now.  So off to the doctor I went.  My thyroid markers were way below where they should be.  
Now I'm on both t3 and T4 and after many adjustments I'm still not feeling better.  The weight has crept up by 30 pounds and muscle weakness has most definitely increased.  I keep considering doing keto again but the physical fallout just isn't worth it for me.  Why does keto work so well for some but not for others?
  2. @kaoskronostyche9939 [5 likes]: Don't forget medications and social isolation as sources of brain fog and cognitive impairment.
  3. @angrykitty2591 [3 likes]: Oh, my, you look exactly like your mother when she was young! So lovely!
  4. @cathycoppin5682 [2 likes]: Can you take this with diabetes
  5. @susanchamer8151 [2 likes]: Such a wonderful outcome Dr Boz! You look pretty here as always. Well rested🌺great diagram/explanation of the electron transport chain😄
  6. @IZ8MWG [1 likes]: I suffered of severe brain fog since 2022 when I had covid disease. I was diagnosed (probably improperly) with mild depression and put on SSRIs. It was pure poison. Only side effects and no benefits..... then I also became anhedonic and apathetic, so I stopped SSRIs and started bupropion which faded the anhedonia and apathy and improved mood. Great drug! But it didn't improve brain fog. Then, by sheer coincidence, I tried a miracle drug that almost instantly wiped out the brain fog. Guess which medicine?? Tadalafil! Yes, cialis! An ED drug. I'm now taking 5mg a day chronically and I've also stopped taking bupropion which is a great AD, but I don't need it because I've simply never had depression! Can anyone explain to me how a drug designed to treat erectile dysfunction can have such dramatic efficacy on brain fog? Maybe an increased brain blood flow should be involved because it's a vasodilator. I'm taking also 1000mg per day of Alpha GPC choline and citicholine.
  7. @rumit9946 [1 likes]: Brain fog is a sign of caffeine deficiency 😄
  8. @johnlupo3919 [1 likes]: WHAT DOES RELIGION HAVE TO DO WITH THIS?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
  9. @prashanthb6521 [1 likes]: Great story.
  10. @MichaelMozart108: keto is such a miracle
  11. @sekarmaltum1695: woman just get to the point -i dont care about your stories
  12. @DudeWMC-x7o: Did she ever get cured of the cancer, and was it due to keto?
  13. @genericwatcher2439: I have been great, then this week I had a stressful day, bought some alcohol to destress and my brain fog got even worse.  We all need to learn our triggers, stress and alcohol do me in.  So even if I have a bad day, it is best for me to just exercise harder and drink lots of water if I want tomorrow to bounce back and be better.  There is no 1 set of solutions that work for everyone, watch videos, do research and try stuff, once you figure out what works for you, write it down so on your bad days, you don't succumb to your bad habits.  Good luck!
  14. @joanneurbanowicz4994: My brain is so bad 18 months woozy head heavy tightness terrible feels like denemture
  15. @gregprouse1173: I got brain fog on keto can you please help. Is it because our brains actually need a little glucose and the body dosnt produce enough?
  16. @Rosie5blue: Super smart snd pretty
  17. @alexanderalhazov6578: God bless you and your family
  18. @wh3927: This is wonderful, thank you.
  19. @hymns4ever197: I call it froggy groggy brain.
  20. @littleflower7769: So happy 🙏🏼 to have just discovered you!!!  SUBSCRIGBED!!!!

- Keto Brain | Claims and Science: Kind: captions Language: en hey welcome to nourish bowl I'm dr. Lara today I'll be sharing my investigation into the health claim surrounding the ketogenic diet and brain health but first some personal context this is a picture of a four year old me with my great grandpa who I lovingly called OPA my OPA was a clocksmith I have lovely memories of running around my open small apartment counting all of the clocks there were over 30 however my OPA may not have had very many memories of me because he suffered from Alzheimer's disease Alzheimer's has touched my family as it has touched many others as a nutrition scientist I'm always investigating lifestyle measures that can reduce the risk of disease so I was particularly intrigued when I saw a health claim stating that a ketogenic diet can treat and cure Alzheimer's disease it's impossible to open up a social media feed these days without seeing the accolades of going keto with food porn where the meal of built on bacon avocado and coconut and fat bomb coffees to get you revved up in the morning keto brain health claims include boosting mental clarity reducing brain fog and even curing Alzheimer's disease but what is the science behind these claims is there evidence that should push us a call to go keto for brain health but science it to understand why our brain can run on ketones we need to take a few steps back through evolution as prehistoric hunter-gatherers are access to daily food was unpredictable when we ate food the food is broken down into glucose and the glucose can circulate through our body to be used as fuel due to fluctuations in feast and famine we had to evolve alternative pathways of metabolism to provide fuel in the absence of eating during prolonged periods of fasting this induces ketosis when our body will produce ketones as an alternative fuel to glucose our liver breaks down fat from our adipose stores and converts it into ketones these ketones can then circulate around our body to be used as fuel the brain is a particularly greedy organ when it comes to fuel although the brain only contributes 2% of our body weight it uses 20% of our total energy requirement plus the brain can't store energy so it relies on a constant supply of fuel the brain will use whichever fuel is available glucose or ketones the brain's ability to switch from glucose to ketones for energy was critical in evolution otherwise the brain would starve if we had an unsuccessful day hunting and gathering or in modern days if we slept in on the weekend although we didn't always understand the biochemistry of this metabolic switch starvation has a long and interesting history being used to treat neurological disorders in ancient Greek time seizure patients were thought to be possessed by demons and ostracized from society forced to fend for themselves in the wild they inevitably starved Hippocrates noticed that starvation reduced their seizures which we now understand today as being epilepsy the book of Matthew in the Bible also makes reference to prayer and fasting to reduce seizures depicted here in Raphael's painting the Transfiguration using ketosis to treat medical conditions is called keto therapeutics as we entered the 20th century physicians were curious if we could induce ketosis without the starvation part working at the Mayo Clinic dr. Russell Wilder experimented feeding epileptic children a very high fat low carb diet and he found that this induced ketosis and reduced their seizures and thus the high-fat ketogenic diet was born during the subsequent decades new epilepsy drugs replaced the ketogenic diet as treatment however there was still a subset of patients children in particular who didn't respond to these drugs in the 1990s the ketogenic diet regained a foothold as treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy it's still used today let's go into a little bit more detail about what a ketogenic diet is and how it differs from other dietary patterns the Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends a range of macronutrient intake around 50 percent of energy from carbs 25 percent from protein and 25 percent from fat the classic ketogenic diet designed by dr. Wilder has 90 percent of energy from fat with only 4% from carbs and 6% from protein this generally works out to 15 grams of carbs per day or around 17 grapes this extreme restriction of carbs and protein drastically reduces the available of glucose forcing the liver to break down fats and convert them to ketones for fuel over the years modified versions of the ketogenic diet have been used in treatment with an MCT oil supplement these diets allow a larger proportion of energy from proteins and carbs with 70% of the energy coming from fat and what is MCT oil MCT stands for medium chain triglyceride and it's referring to the chemical structure of the fat now most of the fat in our diet is the form of long chain triglycerides with these long carbon tails that are anywhere from 13 to 21 carbons long the fat in the MCT oil is a much shorter with carbon tails anywhere from 6 to 10 carbons long these shorter fats in the MCT oil can be rapidly absorbed directly into our blood and then quickly broken down into ketones by our liver so how does ketosis help treat epilepsy some types of epilepsy are caused by mutations that impair the ability of glucose from entering the brain by providing ketones as an alternative fuel this may rescue the brain from insufficient energy epilepsy is just one disease however some of the characteristics of epilepsy are common across other neurological disorders so this begs the question can ketosis be harnessed to treat other neurological conditions keto therapeutics are currently being explored for Alzheimer's disease similar to some types of epilepsy the Alzheimer's brain has an impaired ability to take in glucose which may starve the brain of energy this study performed PET scans to compare glucose uptake in healthy older adults those with mild cognitive impairment and those with mild Alzheimer's disease the more red and yellow you see the higher the glucose uptake wears the more green and blue the lower the glucose uptake and what's quite striking here is that the all timers brain has a lower ability to take in glucose the researchers also compared ketone uptake in to the brain and all groups had a relatively equivalent ability to take in ketones this data supports that the Alzheimer's brain can successfully uptake ketones and perhaps ketones could be used as an alternative fuel to rescue the brain from energy starvation age dogs developed similar cognitive deficits to humans making them a good model for human Alzheimer's disease in this study 24 old beagles were randomized to either MCT oil or placebo for eight months they tested their learning and attention at baseline and at the end of the study the MCT oil treated dogs were significantly better at learning which they measured by Counting the number of errors the dogs made while using a landmark to identify a treat so fewer errors means better learning the MCT supplemented dogs also demonstrated better attention which they measured by the number of errors the dogs made while identifying a familiar object while being distracted by other objects and what can we take away from the study I'll be at small the support that an MCT oil supplement can improve learning and attention in aged dogs a model of human Alzheimer's disease similar investigations have been performed in humans in this study 152 patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease were randomized to either a specific MCT oil supplement or placebo for 3 months and this was a double blinded study meaning that neither the study investigators nor the subjects knew who was getting which treatment and this is a very important characteristic of rigorous study design because it helps reduce bias that may influence results initially the results didn't look very exciting at the end of the study there was no difference in cognition scores between MCT oil or placebo but the researchers decided to look at the data in a different way they divided their study population into whether or not they carried any copies of the gene apoe4 apoe4 is a very common gene variant that increases your risk of developing Alzheimer's disease this graph shows subjects that do not carry the apoe4 gene an MCT oil significantly improved cognition in this group and this final graph shows subjects that do carry a copy of the apoe4 gene and we see that their lines are directly on top of each other showing that MCT oil didn't have an effect on this group so what can we take away from this study the interpretation requires some nuance but this support that MCT oil can improve cognition in patients with Alzheimer's disease but only those who do not carry the apoe4 gene variant so far these studies have been looking at an MCT oil supplement but what about the full ketogenic diet in order for a very high fat low carb diet to induce ketosis it has to be followed very closely and that's really difficult to do it may be especially challenging for Alzheimer's patients and their caregivers to make major dietary changes so before we get too excited about the potential of a ketogenic diet for treatment we first need to know whether it's even feasible for Alzheimer's patients to follow this diet to test this question researchers recruited 15 subjects with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease they had to follow a ketogenic diet for 3 months with 70% of energy coming from fat plus an MCT oil supplement since this was a pilot study to address feasibility there was no control group the researchers found that cognition scores improved after 3 months on the diet and reverted back to baseline after they stopped however it's really important to not over interpret these results because there was no control group it's impossible to know whether these results are due to the diet or due to some other factor about being on the study like increase interaction with physicians or optimism this study supports that a ketogenic diet may be feasible for patients with mild Alzheimer's disease it served as motivation to run larger studies that include a control group to evaluate the impact on cognition and quality of life something that's important to highlight here is that there is a major difference between treating and established disease and preventing disease so far there's early promising results for Kido therapeutics in treating diseases however much more research is needed before this can be applied to patient populations there have been no studies investigating the impact of MCT oil or a ketogenic diet on cognition in healthy people all those claims about the keto diet enhancing mental clarity and reducing brain fog are derived from these studies on neurological diseases there are intriguing research questions about whether fuelling the brain on ketones can reduce the development of Alzheimer's disease but this is just speculation at this point so let's add some nuance to write keto diet and brain health claims we started by saying the ketogenic diet can boost mental clarity reduce brain fog and cure Alzheimer's disease so here's some nuanced the ketogenic diet may in proof cognition in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease who don't carry specific genes and it may help treat Alzheimer's disease when considering nutrition and lifestyle measures to reduce the risk of disease we need to focus on habits that are sustainable for the long haul because with brain health were in it for the long haul keto therapeutics hold promise as a potential treatment for some neurological diseases but much more rigorous research is needed there have been no studies indicating that a ketogenic diet or MCT oil impacts cognition in healthy people although our social media fees may be overflowing with accolades of bulletproof coffee enhancing mental clarity anecdotes aren't evidence based on the best evidence that we have available right now diets that reduce the risk of cognitive decline look really different from the very high-fat ketogenic diet dyes with a high intake of diverse fruits and vegetables omega-3 fat from fish and low saturated fat intake promote long-term brain health my takeaway skipped the keto diet fad and build your nutrition around colorful fruits veggies and healthy fats plus the physical activity and social connection to support cognitive health that's what science tastes like thanks for tuning in to nourish Abel check out my references in the video description and subscribe to stay up to date on all things nutrition [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @peacewarrior9500 [3 likes]: I disagree with ur conclusion to skip keto diet by suggesting it to be a “fad”, but I agree to put out a warning and disclaimer about its low compliance. The health benefits of sustained nutritional ketosis would likely put ur medical-industrial-complex outta business, if the general public took advice from a ketometer rather than from a mainstream clinician or a dietician!  The problem is most people ASSUME they’re in ketosis based on following a prescriptive diet, rather than having a feedback mechanism informing their dietary choices. A sustained blood BHB levels of >2mM for 100 days or longer would reverse a lifetime of just about any socially-induced metabolic disorders, including obesity, diabetes, chronic inflammation, depression/anxiety, etc. Whatever antioxidant benefits ur patients r lead to believe would derive from fruits and vegetables are more than cancelled out by consuming a fraction of the recommended sugar allowance on a standard diet! My honest advice to patients would be to FIRST buy a blood ketone and glucose meter before committing to a keto diet, then calibrate/adjust ur nutrition daily until u consistently reach a molar ratio of glucose/ketone of less than 1.0, or a BHB level >2.0mM. Without a biomarker informing choices, keto diet is nothing but a fad. But if people do it right, then the entire healthcare (sickcare) industry, which is partly to blame for misleading and mixed messaging, would go bankrupt almost overnight! Most modern human diseases are iatrogenic - caused wittingly or unwittingly by the medical-industrial-complex, which includes the pharma and food industry.
  2. @bryanoliver1900 [3 likes]: Just eat meat perfect diet for all humans
  3. @JL-vd6yn [1 likes]: Thank you!
The book of Genesis  informs us that God created the world and human beings in His image. He also created animals and plants. He also taught  them  how to garden, what to eat and not eat and how to prepare.  He is a wonderful  heavenly father. I encourage  all to read the bible to get to know Him.
Thank you Dr Laura for your bible verse reference.
  4. @Ann-oy5yb [1 likes]: I have just been watching a huge amount of videos about the doctors studying a keto diet concerning healthy people.  What could you be talking about? They are also trying coconut oil and MCTs on people. Great results.
  5. @RocknRollkat [1 likes]: Excellent presentation, thank you !
  6. @Jaxkayo [1 likes]: The singularity of all religions right here. ♥️🙏
  7. @superapex2128: You forgot to talk about all the anti-nutirients in plants...
  8. @jeanpaultongeren125: Hi, is it since ketones increase brain function. Does it mean If I do Keto my schizophrenia will be better and I mean the symptons
  9. @drincogni: I know its a 5 year old video but its wrong humans origin from keto food and not the other way,thats how tribes in amazon or africa who live only on nature have lived for millenias.Processed food is a way to use populations like vaccines.plain and simple
  10. @GreySubjects: That is what bad science tastes like, read "The Big Fat Surprise: Why Butter, Meat and Cheese Belong in a Healthy Diet'
Book by Nina Teicholz, which came out in 2014.  That book will change your perspective on the history of nutritional science, makesone wonder how man people died needlessly from bad advise give with the best intentions because theythought that the science had been done.  It's a shame your video had me excited until the end of this with your horribly unscientific blanket recommendations to the audience.
  11. @elec3calengr: Any study on effect of keto to kids and students on learning, memory and intelligence?
  12. @johntatman9168: My first thought was why have you made this video. Switching to a keto diet is not going to harm anyone so why not try it?  I sense pharma funding. It appears you are advocating a wait and see approach i.e. a new drug therapy.
  13. @SamanthaH: 6:16 so then i wonder, is it not that people are getting Alzheimer’s for having too much carbs but instead that their bodies can’t use the carbs for energy in the brain?? 

Hmmmm
  14. @dalestanley9177: creatne supplement has powerful brain benefits
  15. @elec3calengr: keto Without any solution and side effects for Alzheimers, Keto is a good therapy instead of doing nothing
  16. @krakraichbinda: Opa? Then you are a German descent.
  17. @Netineti_0: It’s not just a fad..
  18. @worksofhands: It has been 3 years since you claim Keto is a fad that has no science behind it. Do you have an update on this?
  19. @coffeelover6441: From my own experience, do not start the ketogenic diet. It's just so hard on the body and outright dangerous. Listen to your doctors. I tried the Agoge diet and I lost so much of that persistent belly fat.
  20. @cookingwithshawana6828: I am patient of brain.Your diet video helped me a lot

- Why Do I Have Brain Fog On Keto?: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys Chris serving the khatallah gist coming at you from Austin Texas this video is about how to combat brain fog and other keto flu symptoms so a lot of times when people are starting the ketogenic diet they talk about brain fog and they talk about keto flu symptoms and I think a lot of times the common misconception is that there's nothing you can do about this this is a these are symptoms of carbohydrate withdrawal and the truth is that that's not the case there's actually a lot of things you can do to combat brain fog and other keto flu symptoms and that's what we're going to talk about in this video so the first reason why you have brain fog and I think this is probably 90% of the cases for most people out there is that it's electrolyte deficiency that's why you're experiencing brain fog on a ketogenic diet so when we stop eating carbohydrates our blood glucose levels lower and this causes our insulin levels to lower which ends up leading to us excreting more water and this isn't necessarily a bad thing but what that does do is it leads to electrolyte deficiencies and when we're deficient in electrolytes like magnesium potassium and especially sodium they can definitely lead to a lot of keto flu symptoms especially brain fog so the good news about this is there's something you can do about it you can actually replenish your electrolytes are using Whole Foods or supplementation I think for most people supplementation is probably necessary because I think it's hard for you to get enough electrolytes in your diet through Whole Foods a couple really good sources of foods that have good electrolytes in them are you know salting your foods 4:1 avocados are a really great source of potassium mix and nuts can be a really great source of electrolytes especially if they're dry roasted and salted but outside of that I think it's really important that we focus on doing supplementation because I think it's hard for us to get the appropriate amount of electrolytes without that so first thing you can do if you have brain fog or other keto flu symptoms is replace your electrolytes the second big one that kind of ties into that is dehydration so like I just said when you are cutting your carbohydrates out your insulin levels are lowering your screen more water and that leads to dehydration and when you're dehydrated your brain is not operating to its maximum capacity and neither is the rest of your body either so when we start talking about someone other other keto flu symptoms like fatigue and muscle soreness and muscle cramps and things like that those are also a result of dehydration so that's something that we need to be really focused on is drinking a lot of water especially when you're first starting a ketogenic diet that ranked rapid weight loss that you see when you first start keto that is a lot of that is water loss so we need to make sure that we're replenishing that we're not being too dehydrated the third reason why a lot of people are suffering from you know brain fog and things like that is low ketone uptake in the brain so when we're consuming a carbohydrate based diet carbs are our primary fuel source and our brain has a massive energy demand so you know glucose from carbohydrates is the primary energy source our brain is using now when we restrict those carbohydrates the good the good thing is is that our body will produce ketones which are in a which are in an alternative fuel source for the brain to use and actually a better fuel source for the brain to use but when you first start a huge egg diet the brain uptake of ketones may be a little bit limited it's something that your body has to become accustomed to we have to up regulate transporters that allow for these ketones to be taking into the cells and that's one of the reasons why you can be experiencing these keto flu symptoms now what can you do about that well one of the biggest things that you can do is is you can continue following the keto diet so as you continue to get more adapted you're going to be able to improve your brains ability to utilize ketones exercise is another big one so there's actually been some research out there to show that when you're exercising you can increase the uptake of ketones into your brain so that's another great way to do it and then I also think that exotic ketones can be something that can be useful here because they can provide your body with more ketones and we kind of know that when you have more ketones available we can up regulate these transporters maybe a little bit quicker so I think that that can be pretty beneficial but we'll get more into exotic ketones in a couple points here but the thing I want to you know stop in the middle here and touch on is that when I'm getting into these other things like 3 through 5 on the reasons why you have brain fog these things are not as common the first two which were electrolyte deficiency and dehydration I think that 90% of the time just to reiterate on that that's the reason why you're experiencing these things but these other things like low key tone up taking the brain and the other two that I'm going to get into are all you know can also be contributors but not as common as you know the first two that we talked about so the fourth reason why people are suffering from brain fog and other teto flu symptoms is lack of calories and this is especially true for symptoms like fatigue or poor recovery in the gym lack of strength things like that a lot of that is a result of not enough calories so a lot of times we focus on restricting calories too much especially when we first start keto and like I said when you first start a genic diet you're cutting out the glucose so you're missing out on one of the fuel sources you you are getting accustomed to burning fat but for some people this takes some time so you know depending on where you're at and where your diet was like before you started keto it actually may take you a little bit of time to become accustomed to burning fat for energy so I think it's essential during this time that we get enough calories in our diet to provide our body and nourish our bodies I also think that too often people are really focused on cutting out certain foods from their diet but they fail to remember that we also need to replace those with the right foods and we need to nourish our bodies so a lot of times these symptoms are a result of not having enough calories and another reason for this is a keto is a satiating diet you are more full when you follow a ketogenic diet so for some people you end up incidentally eating lower lower amount of calories you know maybe you're trying intermittent fasting maybe you're not eating in between meals anymore there's nothing wrong with those things but those can lead to low calorie intake so I think that if you're experiencing brain fog and you're experiencing fatigue and things like that and you know that your calories are very low it may be time to bump those things up a little bit and then the fifth and final reason why I think some people are experiencing brain fog and other keto flu symptoms is simply not enough ketones so I kind of alluded to this earlier in the video but when we first started ketogenic diet it takes our body time especially like I said depending on where your coming from with your previous diet how long you've been following it for it takes time for our body to get accustomed to burning fat it also takes time for our body to get accustomed to producing the ketones and utilizing them so we know that we can we can get into some state of ketosis within even just you know 10 to 12 hours of carbohydrate restriction or calorie restriction but for us to be actually utilizing those ketones is a different story and for some people you it takes a while for you to get ketones elevated to the degree that you need them to be to provide fuel to your brain so this is another time where as ketones and MCTS can be beneficial so the MCTS are a fad that are a little bit unique they're digested differently and they're actually the only dietary fat that you can consume that will be converted to ketones in your body so it actually leads to a natural increase in ketones and you know same thing with exaggerated ketones except for when you take dodges ketones are not being converted to ketones in the body they're just being absorbed and leading to an increase in your blood ketones and the reason why this is beneficial as it relates to brain fog is because we know that our brains intake of ketones is proportional to their availability in the blood so if your ketones are very low when you're first starting keto and you're experiencing some of those brain fog symptoms using some things like MC tees or Assizes ketones can help boost those things up a little bit now that doesn't mean that you should be relying on these things and doesn't mean that those they should become staples and of your diet and that you're always gonna have to use them but the point here is that when you first start keto if these keto flu symptoms are very intense you may not stick to the diet so using these supplements can be really important for bridging the gap and helping you become adapted so then you can start experiencing the true benefits of being in ketosis so those are the five things I think that people need to consider if they're experiencing brain fog or other keto flu symptoms a lot of is related to that like I said the beginning of the video most cases it's electrolyte deficiency and dehydration that's something that we everybody should be focusing on the ketogenic diet is replenishing those things drinking enough water but then you know these other things I talked about this video can also be contributors to that so those are some actionable takeaways that you can take if you are new to the ketogenic diet and you're experiencing those things try these things and and you know allow yourself time to adapt don't don't get discouraged just because you're not experiencing you know these eye-opening moments of being in ketosis it's like a lot of people report everybody's a little bit different for some people it can take a little bit longer to you know get adapted and to start feeling the benefits of ketosis so don't become discouraged so that's it for this video guys if you guys like this video and you found it helpful please share it with somebody if you know somebody who's starting keto and they're talking a lot about brain fog let them know that that you know they don't have to deal with these things there are things that they can do to combat them to make this time more manageable as they're becoming adapted to the diet if you guys have comments or questions about this please comment them below and then as always if anybody has any other topics that they would like me to talk about in future videos please comment them below as well so I can get those pumped out for you guys alright thanks a lot guys you

  Top Comments:
  1. @cheddarcheese5476 [11 likes]: I ate sweets 3x a day. I could eat a box (4pcs)  of magnum in one sitting for lunch. Mostly carbs basically. You can now probably imagine how I feel now since starting keto. I feel awful! I wanna quit. 

But I'll try this first.
  2. @datawolf2318 [7 likes]: Can you do one on how often you should take an electrolytes drink and would sugar free gataorade help?
  3. @Sam-kp7ti [1 likes]: Great video, thank you
  4. @lowfrequencyfilms [1 likes]: Because your brain needs….. glucose. 🙄🙄🙄🙄
  5. @DorbahaandDarya: Thank you ❤❤❤
  6. @paulheinz2145: Think about iodine deficiency, I do intermittent fastening 18/6 and to my surprise when I started an iodine regiment the brain fog was gone in two days. It was an epiphany for me. I have been low carb for two years plus. Lost 80 libs blood work is great.
  7. @hannahyun0: so why keto?
  8. @dmtmachineelves: Cuz yer a goober
  9. @thezenutz7289: Iodine deficiency🎈

- Dr. A'nna Answers - Does a Keto diet or intermittent fasting clear mental fog?: Kind: captions Language: en so you talked a little bit about mental fog which is interesting so you were saying was that Quito that people felt like mental fog was cleared yeah so one of the reported benefits of Quito is kind of this mental clarity and you hear that with intermittent fast - but you know if there fasted if there in aikido state that or ketosis that they have this greater mental clarity and and I think that's interesting because you know I haven't done that but that's one of the reporting benefits gotcha what do you think that's attributed to so there's a couple different ideas about what that is a lot of it has to do with what your brain is running on so in a fasted state or in a ketogenic state which mimics fasting is you know low carbohydrate your brain is running on something called ketones or ketone bodies and our brains love to run on carbohydrates or sugar glucose and if we're not consuming that then the only other way that we can kind of fuel our brains is through these ketones because the fatty acids don't cross the blood-brain barrier so our ketones are kind of our alternative fuel source and so some people think that has to do with the neural networking and how kind of our neurons are working in terms of our brain chemistry with those ketone bodies okay interesting yeah I you hear about I think I heard like a TED talk from some guy Johns Hopkins about the mental benefits he talked about in like that dark ages putting somebody in like a jail cell when they were like acting crazy so to speak right and they leave them in there for days until they calm down and he was looking back on that and saying people like came down off of that like craziness that they had when they put him in there and he was like attributing that to the clarity that came from being in a fasted state because they were put into a cell for 24 or 36 or 48 hours right so I assume he was decently well-fed when he went in there he was probably running on you know blood glucose at the time and then after having fasted for so long then his brain switched to running on on ketones and that like mellows you out or it depends on mental clarity that's something that confuses me it's like what's that like flip that switches there yeah so it depends on the person so with women women actually tend to be a little more edgy when we're in that fasted State or you know you hear people being angry yeah so with so again with women our brains are a little more sensitive to those carbohydrate intakes as well as our thyroids so the reason being from an evolutionary perspective you know women are in charge of carrying a baby and so we need to make sure that we have plenty of food intake to support that baby if that is the case and so if we have low carbohydrate intake then our bodies tend to shut down a little bit more to try to preserve you know or hold off on some of them you know pregnancy and so what we really want to look at is are we giving the body the nutrients that it needs to support overall health and for women that includes being able to carry a baby so for women we tend to get more kind of edgy and sort of more mental fog when it comes to that because again our bodies aren't as kind of a student running on in that fasted State than men men are gotcha are you putting yourself at risk if you're doing an extreme diet whether it be extreme fasting or carnivore keto or only plant-based are you at risk early on of like messing up your thyroid and having dysfunction later on in life and so yeah it's possible yeah depending on what your dietary practices are you can certainly be doing some some damage I came across a great research paper and it's basically why women need carbs and so they put a definite mark on a minimum for women on like 50 grams of carbohydrates per day and that's absorbable carb so I'm not coming forever towards that um because anything below that our thyroid from starts to decrease we start to get some menstrual cycle dysfunction and some other kind of hormonal imbalances that can be deleterious and problematic especially if they're younger pre menopausal you know we don't want to do any long-term damage for the sake of it come to body composition or weight loss or anything like that

  Top Comments:
  1. @Chrystianvigil [1 likes]: Definitely feeling the mental clarity, it’s helped with my anxiety for some reason too. Like there’s a calmness and grounded sense since I started intermittent fasting and low carb/sugar

- Ketogenic diet as treatment for epilepsy: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that about 140,000 people in Canada have epilepsy this is a huge number and considering that around 60% get diagnosed before the age of 20 it leaves the burden of choosing therapy options heavily on the parents now about 70% of all those people who have epilepsy are put on medication as their main form of treatment but as you can imagine these drugs can be expensive and have severe side effects in fact 61% of those who reported having side effects also reported that the side effects have a moderate to extreme impact on their lives not to mention that the drugs don't even work on 10% of the people who are taking them today I'm here to present another possible treatment option for kids who are suffering from epilepsy what if I told you that kids might improve their epileptic seizure activity just by changing their diet it might be surprising to some of you that this treatment has been validated by many scientists over a decade now and does not involve any medication there are probably a ton of questions going through your minds right now so let's talk about this diet this diet is called the ketogenic diet and there are few variations of it the classical ketogenic diet consists of an approximately four to one weight ratio from fat - carbohydrates and proteins let's look at what's different between the ketogenic diet and other diets on the biochemical level there are three main differences on the biochemical level the first one is that the ketogenic diet and variations of it led to a significant increase in the total ketone body levels in the subjects ketone bodies are one of the products of fat metabolism secondly those on the ketogenic diet had lower glucose level after their meal and lastly there is a down regulation of the glycolysis pathway in those on the ketogenic diet for those of you who don't know glycolysis is a before the breakdown of glucose so makes sense that when the glucose levels are lower after meal glycolysis is also down regulated so let's look at the big picture what's the point of all these biochemical changes in the body well research shows that high blood beta-hydroxybutyrate or bhp which are a type of ketone bodies are correlated with the seizure control in a study done by Gilbert and colleagues patients were put on the ketogenic diet on recess during follow-up sessions the results showed that those who had less seizure frequency also had high bhp or ketone bodies in their blood so what do ketone bodies have to do with it well ketone bodies inhibit the secular glutamate transport or via glute which eventually reduces seizure activity via gluts job is to form these bubbles filled with glutamate inside the cell and then release them to outside of the cell this is how we can have glutamate outside of the cell so if you can imagine if big glute is being inhabited by ketone bodies Lumet is not being released from the cell since glutamate is an excitatory neurotransmitter decreasing its level an epileptic patient is expected to decrease seizure activities based on research done on rats which are a lot of mammalian physiology with us if you're looking for more support in favor of the seizure reducing efficacy of this diet there was another research done by hot and larger that may convince you the four-year-old subject who is doing well on the ketogenic diet was infused with glucose after the infusion the subjects ketone body levels decreased and their glucose levels increased and just after 45 minutes the subject experienced a seizure it's important to keep in mind that research shows that this diet has the greatest improvement in younger people in a study done by shorts and colleagues the ketogenic diet variation led to the greatest increase in ketone body levels in subjects under 10 years all the weight compared to those who are over 10 as always consulted profession before making the decision of putting your child or yourself on the ketogenic diets this diet is not just a lifestyle change but it's used as a treatment so it needs to be regulated by the doctor and it's far different from the fad diet versions that you might have heard about a variation of the ketogenic diet that is commonly suggested by doctors is called the medium chain triglyceride where 60% of the total intake needs to be from medium chain triglyceride fat and these fats take less time to be absorbed by the intestines but if you and your health care professional decide that this is the right treatment I've included a website in the description box which includes what foods to eat on what foods to avoid thank you for watching and if you liked this video make sure to give it a like and subscribe to the mistifying medicine youtube channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshjacob1530 [19 likes]: I can confirm my convulsions trying to sleep have significantly been reduced since switching to a keto rich diet.
  2. @MsStanford [7 likes]: Me on keto: I need it as medicine to combat seizures.
Everyone else on keto: I need it to get skinny!
  3. @IndieGamerSSO440 [5 likes]: After being on the diet for three years I am no longer having seziures and I am able to move away from the diet. 
One of my fav foods while on the diet was macadamia nuts
  4. @kingmasteralanJ [2 likes]: Keto diet is expensive
  5. @hopehope8393 [2 likes]: I totally give up carb food and sugar. I eat beef,chicken,pork,cheese, egg and drink milk.Seizure free almost three months.before I had seizure every month.Yesterday I ate two pieces valentine chocolate,then I had a seizure this morning.😢It made me throw up and I am tired whole day.Seems I have to stick without sugar and never reward myself.
  6. @mistaboneka [1 likes]: Helpful video to a small extent. Doesnt say much about keto diet plan. There are so many versions of keto diet, which one would be suitable for an epileptic patient?
  7. @ronlentjes2739: I'm NOT going to consult any $doctor$. Medical industry is now fully $corrupt$. RUN AWAY from them!
  8. @ronlentjes2739: I don't use medical supervision on myself. I stay away from snake oil sales crap, thankyou. Keto like diet (high fat, medium protein, low carb) works for me and I have no more sparks from seizure activity I used to have. I also do fasting which stopped my high blood pressure (from vac injury) after 2nd 7-day water + mineral fasting. Yesterday I talked to checkout clerk, she was operated on and the MAD doctor cut out part of her brain to try stop seizures. That is disgusting! That will only make more seizures as others I talked to indicated by experience. RUN AWAY from $doctors$, $hospitala$, $big pharma$ murderers!
Here is my diet:
Keto-like-diet (High GOOD Fat, Low Carb) and occasional 7 day water + minerals only fasting. I threw away 90% of foods into garbage and only eat whole foods, butter, clarified butter, whole cream milk, vegetables, fruit, salmon, ground beef (only like ground beef if boiled in water for 1 hr) eggs, nuts, hard cheese. Pure Vinegar. No wheat. No sugar. No artificial sugar. No MSG. No MFG. No so called "Vegetable" Seed Oil. No Aluminium. No processed foods. I only sweeten with fruits. Kinda like a keto-veg-fruit high fat low carb diet - not in ketosis. But do 7 day water and minerals in ketosis fasting once in a while. Lots of energy. No Medications. No Needles. Works for me. Aspartame -> Methanol -> Formaldehyde -> Tangles -> Alzheimer's and many other Metabolic Disasters. BTW Fasting resets your taste buds! Now carrots taste sweet! Also I put butter on banana as I eat it or on sliced apple, You need good fats all the time!

There is GOOD fat and BAD fat.

GOOD fat includes Butter, Clarified Butter, Ghee, Lard, Fat from unprocessed meats, vegetables, fruits (eg avocado), Full Cream Milk, Full Cream Pure Yoghart.

BAD fat is anything processed including Margarine, Crisco, so called "Vegetable" seed oil.

Saturated Fat is good. We've been mislead. "Low fat" anything is bad.

Also I am outdoors all the time. I don't use suntan lotion and keep my sun exposure balanced with shade.

Big Note: I only eat once per day even if includes 2nd part within about 4 hours. Easy to do if includes enough protein as you quench your hunger for the day. Eat in this order: fat, protein, vegetable, fruit. Or combinations with that order.

STAY AWAY FROM SURGERY  = MURDER BY KNIFE
  9. @葉瓊鞠: 以下為 *〈Ketogenic Diet as Treatment for Epilepsy〉— Demystifying Medicine（McMaster）* 的**重點摘要（繁體中文）**，以**醫學教學＋臨床實務**角度整理，而非飲食流行說法。

---

## 一、核心結論（先給重點）

**生酮飲食是目前少數「非藥物、卻有明確醫學證據」可治療癲癇的方法之一**，特別對**藥物難治型癲癇**與某些**代謝型癲癇**，具有關鍵療效。

---

## 二、癲癇為何能被生酮飲食控制？

### 1⃣ 能量來源轉換是關鍵

* 正常大腦：*葡萄糖 → ATP*
* 生酮狀態：*酮體（β-羥丁酸、乙醯乙酸）→ ATP*

👉 這個轉換會*改變神經元放電特性*

---

### 2⃣ 生酮對神經的四大作用機轉（教學重點）

1. *提高抑制性神經傳導*

   * ↑ GABA
   * ↓ Glutamate
2. *穩定神經細胞膜*

   * 改變離子通道（Na⁺ / K⁺ / Ca²⁺）
3. *改善粒線體功能*

   * ↑ 能量效率
   * ↓ 氧化壓力
4. *降低血糖與胰島素*

   * 避免血糖波動引發神經過度興奮

📌 這些效果是「多重、同時發生」，不是單一機制。

---

## 三、臨床證據（McMaster 教學重點）

### 🔹 適應症

* *藥物難治型癲癇（≥2 種抗癲癇藥失敗）*
* *兒童癲癇症候群*

  * Lennox–Gastaut
  * Dravet syndrome
* *GLUT1 deficiency*

  * ⚠ 生酮為「第一線治療」

---

### 🔹 臨床成效（整體統計）

* 約 *50% 病人：發作次數 ↓ ≥50%*
* 約 *10–15%：接近完全控制*
* 有些可*減藥甚至停藥*

---

## 四、生酮飲食 ≠ 一種形式（教學常被誤解）

### 生酮治療是「光譜」，不是單一飲食

| 類型             | 特點        | 臨床用途   |
| -------------- | --------- | ------ |
| 經典生酮（4:1）      | 最嚴格、酮體最高  | 嬰幼兒、重症 |
| MCT 生酮         | 酮體效率高     | 提升彈性   |
| 改良 Atkins（MAD） | 碳水 10–20g | 成人癲癇   |
| 低升糖指數（LGIT）    | 不一定高酮     | 耐受差者   |

👉 *不是每個人都要「4:1」*

---

## 五、實務重點（McMaster 強調）

### ❗ 生酮是「醫療營養治療」，不是自助飲食

必須：

* 神經科醫師評估
* 營養師設計比例
* 定期抽血追蹤

---

### 常見副作用（可預防）

* 初期：低血糖、噁心、便秘
* 長期：

  * 血脂變化
  * 微量營養素不足
  * 腎結石（可補檸檬酸鹽預防）

📌 *問題多來自「未專業監測」*

---

## 六、重要迷思澄清（教學常考）

❌ 生酮不是「自然療法」
❌ 不是無限制吃肉
❌ 不是所有癲癇都適合

✅ 是有 *RCT、系統性回顧、國際指引* 支持的治療
✅ 可「個別化、可調整、可停止」

---

## 七、一句教學式總結（McMaster風格）

> *Ketogenic diet does not cure epilepsy, but it changes the brain’s metabolic environment in a way that makes seizures less likely to occur.*

💕💕👍👍（生酮飲食不是治癒癲癇，而是讓大腦進入一個「不容易發作」的代謝狀態）

---

如果你需要，我可以進一步幫你：

* 🔹 整理成 *醫學生／住院醫師考前速讀表*
* 🔹 做 *一頁圖解版（家屬溝通用）*
* 🔹 或轉成 *繁體中文 PPT（25–35 pt，無超框，適合教學）*
  10. @葉瓊鞠: 以下以**繁體中文**，用較偏**臨床／營養治療**的語彙，系統性說明 **癲癇的生酮營養治療（Ketogenic Nutritional Therapy, KNT）**。內容可供病人、家屬，或醫療／營養專業人員理解與使用。

---

## 一、為什麼生酮飲食可以治療癲癇？

*癲癇（Epilepsy）* 本質上是大腦神經元「過度放電」所造成的疾病。
生酮營養治療透過**改變大腦能量來源**，來降低神經元興奮性。

### 核心機轉（目前較被接受的解釋）

1. *酮體（Ketone bodies）取代葡萄糖*

   * β-羥丁酸（β-hydroxybutyrate）
   * 乙醯乙酸（acetoacetate）
2. *降低神經興奮性*

   * 增加 GABA（抑制性神經傳導物質）
   * 降低麩胺酸（興奮性神經傳導物質）
3. *改善粒線體功能*

   * 減少氧化壓力
   * 穩定神經細胞膜電位
4. *降低血糖與胰島素波動*

   * 減少血糖驟升引發的神經刺激

👉 結果：*癲癇發作頻率與嚴重度下降*

---

## 二、哪些癲癇特別適合生酮治療？

生酮飲食**不是偏方**，而是國際癲癇指引中正式承認的治療方式，尤其適用於：

### 明確適應症

* *難治型癲癇（Drug-resistant epilepsy）*
* *嬰幼兒癲癇*
* *特定癲癇症候群*

  * Dravet syndrome
  * Lennox–Gastaut syndrome
  * GLUT1 deficiency syndrome（第一線治療）
  * Doose syndrome

📌 有些病人即使藥物效果有限，生酮後仍可**發作減少 50–90%**，甚至完全控制。

---

## 三、生酮營養治療的種類（不是只有一種）

### 1⃣ 經典生酮飲食（Classic Ketogenic Diet）

* *脂肪 :（蛋白質＋碳水）= 4 : 1 或 3 : 1*
* 脂肪熱量佔 *85–90%*
* 最嚴格、療效最強
* 多用於嬰幼兒或重度難治癲癇
* 通常需*住院啟動*

---

### 2⃣ 中鏈脂肪酸生酮（MCT ketogenic diet）

* 使用 *MCT oil*
* 可吃較多碳水
* 酮體產生效率高
* 腸胃副作用較常見

---

### 3⃣ 改良型阿金飲食（MAD, Modified Atkins Diet）

* *不需嚴格計算比例*
* 碳水限制約 *10–20 g／日*
* 較適合青少年與成人
* 臨床效果接近經典生酮，但可行性高

---

### 4⃣ 低升糖指數治療（LGIT）

* 碳水 40–60 g／日
* 僅選低 GI 碳水
* 酮體較低，但神經穩定度仍可改善
* 適合不耐嚴格生酮者

---

## 四、實際怎麼做？（臨床標準流程）

### 🔹 第一步：專業評估（非常重要）

必須由：

* 神經科醫師
* 營養師
* （必要時）腎臟科、肝膽科

評估項目包括：

* 癲癇類型
* 生長發育狀況
* 肝腎功能
* 脂質代謝
* 是否有禁忌症

---

### 🔹 第二步：啟動生酮

* 傳統方式：*短暫禁食 → 生酮*
* 現代方式：*直接低碳高脂逐步上調*
* 需監測：

  * 血酮
  * 血糖
  * 電解質

---

### 🔹 第三步：長期追蹤

定期檢查：

* 血脂
* 肝功能
* 腎功能
* 微量營養素
* 生長曲線（兒童）

---

## 五、吃什麼？（重點原則）

### ✅ 可吃

* 動物性脂肪（奶油、酥油、豬油）
* 橄欖油、椰子油、MCT油
* 雞蛋
* 高脂魚（鮭魚、鯖魚）
* 少量非澱粉蔬菜（花椰菜、菠菜）

### ❌ 避免

* 糖、蜂蜜
* 米飯、麵食
* 地瓜、馬鈴薯
* 果汁、甜飲
* 加工低脂食品

---

## 六、可能副作用與風險

### 初期（常見）

* 噁心
* 便秘
* 疲倦
* 低血糖

### 長期（需監測）

* 血脂上升（非所有人）
* 微量營養素不足
* 腎結石（需補充檸檬酸鹽）
* 兒童生長遲緩（需專業調整）

👉 *專業監測可大幅降低風險*

---

## 七、重要觀念澄清

❌ 生酮 ≠ 偏方
❌ 生酮 ≠ 無限制吃肉
❌ 生酮 ≠ 適合所有癲癇

✅ 生酮是一種*醫療營養治療（Medical Nutrition Therapy）*
✅ 必須個別化、可調整、可停止

---

## 八、總結一句話

> *生酮營養治療不是「自然療法」，而是一種有明確生理機轉、臨床證據與國際指引支持的癲癇治療工具。*

---

如果你願意，我也可以幫你：

* 做 *一頁式重點圖表（給家屬）*
* 整理成 *醫師／營養師簡報用 PPT（25–35 pt，繁體中文）*
* 或針對 *成人癲癇 vs 兒童癲癇* 分開說明
  11. @ArtishaGlover-bc5tl: I give up pork and beef, don't drink soda on  any more I take my medicine every day and night no  more eating beef 🐄 or pork 🐖 l to drink water every day
  12. @robyroby1902: And what about those like me who are healthy and would like to extend their healthy lifespan?
I'm looking for the effects of a ketogenic diet in the long term.
How arenow those kids treated with ketogenic diet ages ago?
  13. @FazzEgg: I'm on keto, but I don't really get fat. After going to hospital my gallbladder seems to be overwhelmed as I got to eat there too in other pace.
  14. @AdditionalAccountRequirement: I might need this diet
  15. @ronlentjes2739: I can confirm that keto style diet and fasting eliminates my mild seizure activity. I started eating more crappy while travelling and when over stimulated in shopping centre (very busy, noisy, Saturday), I got very confused as twitchy! Yep recommend good eating! Stay away from all chemicals and medications and vaccines!
  16. @primalflowdao: Ketocarnivore is amazing for managing epilepsy 💪
  17. @jayaom4946: Doesn't work on 10%? I've always heard that 30% of people with epilepsy have drug resistant epilepsy which means the drugs don't work.
  18. @nazirahmadganie3097: Need help to select foods with good ketogenic group's
  19. @ProfessorSzivacs: idiot 
https://youtu.be/o3ru7wQ2Ui8
  20. @Stovetopcookie: Happy guitar music.   Click off.

- Epilepsy and The Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about epilepsy in the ketogenic diet in&nbsp; 1923 dr russell wilder or it could be wilder i'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not sure was working in the mayo clinic and&nbsp; he observed or read about people in history&nbsp;&nbsp; not having seizures when they fasted so he was&nbsp; curious about that he wanted to find a way that&nbsp;&nbsp; he could mimic fasting because eventually a person&nbsp; is going to have to eat and when they start eating&nbsp;&nbsp; the seizures could come back so what he found&nbsp; is when you put someone on a low carb diet&nbsp;&nbsp; you can actually reduce their seizures by 50&nbsp; percent okay which is pretty significant and 15&nbsp;&nbsp; of that group completely got rid of their seizures&nbsp; 100 percent so that began the classic keto&nbsp;&nbsp; diet for epilepsy and it's definitely evolved&nbsp; into various ratios of fat to protein and carb&nbsp;&nbsp; so you could do a four to one ratio where you&nbsp; have four times as much fat to protein and carb&nbsp;&nbsp; or three to one or two to one or even one to one&nbsp; now the more ratio of fat to protein and carb&nbsp;&nbsp; the more you're going to get into ketosis&nbsp; and the less ratio the less you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; get into ketosis and so one of the reasons why&nbsp; they have different ratios is because as you&nbsp;&nbsp; lessen the fat increasing protein and carb&nbsp; it makes it easier for the patient there's&nbsp;&nbsp; better compliance and they also use the modified&nbsp; atkins diet which you're not calorie counting&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not being that strict when you go to&nbsp; a restaurant and it allows for more protein&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not measuring anything it just makes it&nbsp; a little bit easier now they're not actually&nbsp;&nbsp; sure why the ketogenic diet works for seizures but&nbsp; there is some theories one is that it improves the&nbsp;&nbsp; stability of your synapses between your neurons&nbsp; number two ketones have anti-convulsant effects&nbsp;&nbsp; number three it decreases brain inflammation&nbsp; it could be a combination of all three of these&nbsp;&nbsp; things i do know that the brain prefers ketones&nbsp; over glucose because it runs more efficiently&nbsp;&nbsp; now some of the problems that a patient could&nbsp; experience going on this diet is that they can&nbsp;&nbsp; develop a lot of constipation issues some pretty&nbsp; severe keto fatigue bad breath higher cholesterol&nbsp;&nbsp; kidney stones which is actually not that common&nbsp; but it potentially can occur now my opinion on&nbsp;&nbsp; why those side effects occur is that the classic&nbsp; keto doesn't necessarily focus on the quality&nbsp;&nbsp; of ingredients okay and so they're mainly focused&nbsp; on the macros they have a powdered drink that is&nbsp;&nbsp; literally you know soy oil maltodextrin casein to&nbsp; me that is definitely not healthy and if someone&nbsp;&nbsp; were to consume that it might taste okay but to&nbsp; put that in your body you might notice quite a&nbsp;&nbsp; few side effects and they generally recommend&nbsp; like synthetic vitamins and things like that&nbsp;&nbsp; what i would recommend if someone has epilepsy&nbsp; and they're going to do keto and they want to do&nbsp;&nbsp; the classic keto diet or any of these right here i&nbsp; would highly recommend tweaking the ingredients to&nbsp;&nbsp; make them healthier i would definitely shoot for&nbsp; like organic grass-fed wild caught pasture-raised&nbsp;&nbsp; eggs things like that but there's some other&nbsp; things that i would recommend too i would highly&nbsp;&nbsp; recommend that they add intermittent fasting&nbsp; because currently they don't and so instead of&nbsp;&nbsp; three meals a day i would do minimally two meals&nbsp; a day now if there's a small child that could be&nbsp;&nbsp; a problem and you might have to have larger&nbsp; meals but the fact that you're adding fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; with this ketogenic plan but i think that's going&nbsp; to take your results to a whole new level i would&nbsp;&nbsp; also avoid vegetable oils because if you look&nbsp; at the classic ketogenic diet they're allowing&nbsp;&nbsp; soy oil corn oil which is inflammatory so it's&nbsp; going to create digestive issues eventually and it&nbsp;&nbsp; could majorly inhibit your results the other thing&nbsp; i would recommend is i would majorly increase the&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of greens like green salads now the thing&nbsp; that you have to realize that the carbs from salad&nbsp;&nbsp; are very very small the calories from salad&nbsp; are almost insignificant there's so much&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber and there's so little sugar that that would&nbsp; be perfect on the classic ketogenic plan and even&nbsp;&nbsp; probably work within this four to one ratio right&nbsp; here and of course i would definitely recommend&nbsp;&nbsp; the olive oil being the best oil even in larger&nbsp; amounts versus any other oil that you would get&nbsp;&nbsp; on salad dressing that's pretty low level now&nbsp; the salad and the vegetables are going to offset&nbsp;&nbsp; the acidity from the ketones because if you're&nbsp; doing four to one you're eating fat you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to majorly induce a state of ketosis and so the&nbsp; lower the carbs the lower the protein the higher&nbsp;&nbsp; the fat the more the ketones but you're going&nbsp; to also get a lot of acidity so you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; need to offset that with vegetables and salad so i&nbsp; would recommend doing a good portion that will not&nbsp;&nbsp; throw you out of ketosis and i think it would&nbsp; would really solve a lot of the complications&nbsp;&nbsp; especially even the mineral problem that people&nbsp; have because when you actually start ketosis you&nbsp;&nbsp; lose a lot of water and you lose electrolytes&nbsp; so you'd want to add in electrolytes for sure&nbsp;&nbsp; potassium citrate which will counter any potential&nbsp; risk for kidney stones and then the electrolytes&nbsp;&nbsp; would give you the magnesium and so would the&nbsp; salad as well and don't forget sea salt one&nbsp;&nbsp; to one and a half teaspoons a day now if you're&nbsp; doing this diet for a small child maybe you&nbsp;&nbsp; do less than one teaspoon but the sea salt is&nbsp; important a good high quality sea salt himalayan&nbsp;&nbsp; sea salt is good or some other red salts that&nbsp; will help because what's going to happen is as you&nbsp;&nbsp; induce ketosis you're going to lose a lot of fluid&nbsp; and with that comes a loss of sodium and that can&nbsp;&nbsp; actually even make the person feel fatigued&nbsp; right off the bat so this is a real simple&nbsp;&nbsp; alternative to solve that problem number four&nbsp; if you're doing a lot of fats especially this&nbsp;&nbsp; ratio right here i would recommend adding in&nbsp; purified bile salts to handle some of that&nbsp;&nbsp; fat it's going to help you digest it you're going&nbsp; to lessen the side effect of nausea and bloating&nbsp;&nbsp; and even high cholesterol because bile which is&nbsp; produced by the liver stored in the gallbladder&nbsp;&nbsp; helps to regulate cholesterol it helps to break&nbsp; down fats so if you're doing that much fat it&nbsp;&nbsp; might really help to do this right here number&nbsp; four instead of synthetic vitamins do a whole food&nbsp;&nbsp; brand vitamin something that's higher quality&nbsp; not the synthetic ones i already mentioned the&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes as well as the sea salt now for those&nbsp; of you that have epilepsy or you have a child that&nbsp;&nbsp; has epilepsy and you want a healthier version&nbsp; of the classic keto i put a link down below&nbsp;&nbsp; so you can download some examples of some good&nbsp; meals that you can use to help get you in ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; but to do it in a healthy way hey before you&nbsp; go real quick i have a course entitled how to&nbsp;&nbsp; bulletproof your immune system it's a free course&nbsp; i want you to take it and here's why here's you&nbsp;&nbsp; here is your environment everyone is focused on&nbsp; this over here avoiding your environment but what&nbsp;&nbsp; about here what about strengthening your immune&nbsp; system that's what's missing this course will show&nbsp;&nbsp; you how to bulletproof yourself and so you can&nbsp; tolerate and resist your environment much better&nbsp;&nbsp; by strengthening your own immune system i put&nbsp; a link down in the description right down below&nbsp;&nbsp; check it out and get signed up today

  Top Comments:
  1. @Glynis-vh4vz [38 likes]: I have a Seizure Disorder since age 23, 64 now.  I've been doing keto and IF for 2 mos and have had NO seizures!!!!  Thx.
  2. @michelemilesgardiner4522 [7 likes]: My husband, after eating poorly during 2020, had a stroke and now has seizures. He had one after we went back to carb eating over Thanksgiving. We're now doing keto and CBD with MCT oil.
  3. @lynnetagawa192 [5 likes]: I have been on this diet for over 20 years. I have been seizure free (taking meds too, but the meds could not do it alone).
  4. @stellawynia9542 [4 likes]: I was seizure free for 7 months. Then I started the intermittent low carb diet and now I have had 7 seizures in 18 days. I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong.
  5. @Fitmonu8085 [2 likes]: I'll tell you epilepsy medicine causes SEIZUREs, it's biggest lie that it controls...it gets you addicted then when you try to stop due to side effects you start getting more seizures and also your heart beay suddenly goes high when you don't take it.
  6. @H4KnSL4K [2 likes]: If you switch to sea salt, are there iodine deficiency concerns?
  7. @astrokaiden2193 [2 likes]: I take up to a 100 seizures a day I take 4 different tapes I was offered the kedo diet but don't know what to do I had 2 brain surgery s and a vns but they didn't work I have epilepsy since I was 9 years old I am now 44 xxxx
  8. @gurgurgur [2 likes]: Cbd oil helps people said
  9. @mistyroller3470 [2 likes]: Is there any kind of "sweet" that is acceptable?  Speaking on children, what kind of sweetness could be acceptable once in a while?
  10. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  11. @Emma-Laya [1 likes]: How much potassium citrate would you recommend...? (I have epilepsy)

I am always low in potassium in bloodtests - even though I do all these things pretty correct ☺️🌿 I am very slim and healthy otherwise🦋
  12. @Godofthisnewworld75 [1 likes]: i hate keto diet😢
  13. @annemcdonald7497 [1 likes]: Just heard about this today sounds very logical with a moderation
  14. @Reddishwah [1 likes]: Hello Doc😊 good evening. Im from Philippines. Do you have diet recipies that are available for middle class or much less expensive for filipino. I'm just new here  thank u
  15. @kcrehkopf: are you single?
I kid, but it is enjoyable to watch your brain in action!
  16. @SeherTanak-s4j: If you work more then 5  hours a day from 8 til 6pm you cant fast thats not healthy you will end up having epeilsy i now it from my self
  17. @doctorstrainlove6318: How would one get a consultation from you? You’re my DREAM doctor, & I have quite the complicated health situation right now that 8 different specialists can’t curb. I need a ringer, I need Dr. Berg.
  18. @dorenebonczkiewicz8698: Another great video.Can I drink lemon juice if I have Epiplepsy ?
  19. @Muuip: Fasting + Ketogenic diet → ↓gamma-Glutamyltranspeptidase → seizure protection.
Fasting + Ketogenic diet → ↑Akkermansia muciniphila + Parabacteroides merdae → Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxal-5-phosphate P5P) → ↑GABA biosynthesis → seizure reductions and ↓prancreatic Insulin secretion (weight loss).

GABA biosynthesis: L-Glutamine (Glutamine synthetase <> Glutamate synthase) to produce Glutamate (Glutamate decarboxylase with Vitamin B6 + Magnesium) to produce GABA.

GABA helps seizure reduction in the brain and GABA helps insulin regulation in the pancreas (weight loss).
  20. @noorjan3066: Great but in keto what to do with iron rich foods like beef organ meet etc aren't they bad for seizures? Doesn't red meat trigger seizures due to oxidative stress ? Please reply

- A Remarkable Journey to Seizure Freedom Through the Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Kelly Cervantes, and this is Seizing Life. A biweekly podcast produced by CURE Epilepsy. Today, I'm excited to welcome Jim Abrahams to the podcast. If that name sounds familiar, it's because Jim is one of the creators of some of the biggest comedy films of all time; including Airplane, Top Secret, and The Naked Gun. In 1993, in the midst of writing, producing, and directing successful films and television shows, Jim's infant son, Charlie, was diagnosed with epilepsy. Jim is here today to tell the story of Charlie's treatment journey from medication, to surgery, to the ketogenic diet. It's a story that is both frustrating and remarkable, and which highlights the importance of education and patient advocacy in the epilepsy community. And, the potential of the ketogenic diet as a treatment for epilepsy. Jim, thank you so much for joining us today. I'm so excited for our conversation. To start things off, can you tell us about how Charlie's epilepsy first appeared and was diagnosed? All right, well, Charlie was just about one year old. After having a pretty normal first year and, right around his first birthday, I was pushing him on the swing in the front yard. And I noticed he just kind of flipped his hand in the air. And I didn't think much of it, but I asked Nancy whether she'd seen anything like that. And she said, "yeah", she'd seen a bunch of things. And so, we made an appointment with a neurologist. Actually just with his pediatrician. And then, the pediatrician said, "You should be seeing a neurologist." And by the time we, made an appointment with a neurologist, Charlie had his first tonic-clonic seizure. And, you know, that's not very difficult to diagnose. It went on for about 20 minutes, and we called the rescue squad, and all that kind of stuff. And, that was the beginning. And the seizures rapidly escalated in duration, frequency and severity. I would say within a week, or two of that first kind of subtle thing. And, what did the neurologist tell you when you finally got to meet with them? Did they give you a specific diagnosis? Eventually, Charlie was diagnosed with what they thought was Lennon-Gastaut syndrome. And they told us that they would try a drug, phenobarbital, because it'd been around a long time, and we were sent on our way. Yeah. Hand you the pills, and see if they work. Pat and a handshake. And what did his treatment journey look like from there? I know that the phenobarbital didn't work. Correct. And so then, there was a rapidly escalating bunch of drugs. I think this is 1993. So, at the time, there were about eight or nine anti-epileptic drugs available. So, we rapidly went through all the drugs. And, at the same time, none of them worked. They all had adverse effects and, at the same time, I was sort of at a peak in my career in the movie business. And so I didn't know it, but I was inadvertently connected with lots of people who had connections at a lot of hospitals around the United States. So, we wound up taking Charlie to the heads of pediatric neurology at Boston Children's Hospitals, Seattle Children's, UCLA, LA Children's. And he had seizures in all their arms. And they were all in agreement in treatment options. They said there are drugs, and there's surgery, and you're out of lock. So, we tried virtually all the drugs of the day Dilantin, [inaudible], Tegretol, Benzodiazepines, whatever was around. And sometimes there'd be like this brief, what they call, 'honeymoon period' when the drug seemed to be working. But those honeymoon periods were always brief. And the seizures always returned. And, at the same time, Charlie was losing developmental milestones. He was just over one year old. He stopped being able to block, stuff like that. Which just feels so helpless as a parent being told that, just throw a dart at a medicine board, and see which one hits and meanwhile, nothing's working and you're watching your child suffer because of it. You eventually found the ketogenic diet. But it wasn't easy. How did you come across the keto diet? And what was the response when you presented it to the doctors? Well, after all the drugs failed, and a brain surgery failed, we were pretty much told that we were out of luck. And that Charlie's prognosis was continued seizures and, what they call, progressive retardation. And, Charlie's main doctor was at UCLA. And one day when we were at UCLA after seeing his doctor, I stopped at the medical library at UCLA, not really looking for a cure, or a therapy I mean, Charlie had had seizures in the arms and hands of many of the premiere pediatric neurologists in the United States. They were in agreement. So, I think what I was trying to figure out is how we were going to get through life with Charlie's devastating prognosis. I mean, what do families do? Is he going to be able to live at home? Is he going to be able to survive? What do you do? And so I went to the library and I think I mentioned earlier that, Charlie's diagnosis is Lennon-Gastaut syndrome. So, I started looking in the back of these medical texts for... I looked up Lennon-Gastaut and right above alphabetically, right above Lennon-Gastaut in the index, in the textbooks, it would say ketogenic diet. So, eventually I turned to that page and what I found was sort of mind blowing. Now, mind you, this was the early nineties. So all the text predating the early nineties talk about the ketogenic diet. Which was developed in the 1921 at the Mayo clinic. And, for decades was a leading and very successful therapy for kids with difficulty control seizures and different doctors, from different hospitals, in different decades, use the same diet on essentially the same patient population and their outcomes were outstandingly similar. Roughly a third. And this is in every decade along the way. You can find these publications. Roughly a third of the kids who went on the ketogenic diet, had their seizures go away. Another third were significantly improved, you know, fewer drugs, fewer seizures, and for about a third didn't work. So, you can imagine at that stage of the game to come across statistics like that was kind of mind blowing. I mean, those are far better statistics than for most pharmaceutical drugs that you've come across for sure. So I love, I feel like going to the medical library is sort of the early nineties version of what I refer to as a Google dumpster dive, which is sort of what my parental generation has done to try and find this information on our kids. Like hoping that there's something else out there. So you find this information, you find this research, you present it to Charlie's doctors and what do they tell you? Well, it's kind of interesting at the, at the same time we, I came across the information about the ketogenic diet in the library, a friend of ours told us about a herbalist who worked out of a strip mall in Houston, Texas, and evidently at herbs that were good for kids with epilepsy. And so we went to Charlie's doctor at UCLA and said, "look, we came across two alternative things here. There's this diet and there's this herbalist who works out of his strip mall in Houston, Texas. And we want to try something new. What do you think we should try?" And he said, "flip a coin. I don't think either will work". So, for, actually the last time we took his advice, we flipped a coin. It came up herbalist in Houston, Texas. So we piled Charlie on an airplane and we went to see this guy, nice guy who gave us some herbs in strip mall in Houston and came back and the seizures never went away. So finally, the doctor who wrote the most recent paper out the ketogenic diet, name was John Freeman. And he worked at John's Hopkins hospital in Baltimore. And he had published a paper in 92, just a year before Charlie got sick. So it was kind of hot off the presses and it was published in Epilepsia, the premier epilepsy medical journal. And, in his paper, he chronicled 58 consecutive kids with seizures, as bad as Charlie's and taking as many drugs as Charlie and 29% of them became seizure free on the diet. Another three 30% were significantly improved. So I called Dr. Freeman and I asked him what he thought. And he said, "send Charlie's medical records". We did. And he said, "yeah, I think we should try the diet". So, Nancy and Charlie and I flew to Baltimore and Dr. Freeman, and this is Kelly, a dietician he's been working with since the 1940s on the ketogenic diet, kind of oversaw administering the diet for Charlie. And at the time, Charlie was on four anti epileptic drugs and averaging about a dozen seizures a day. And within two days his seizures disappeared. And, it was kind of miraculous. And at first we went through that same honeymoon period. Is this really working? But, the seizures stayed gone. And within a month, Dr. Freeman had wean Charlie off all four of his anti epileptic medicines. So it was just the diet controlling his seizures. Hi, this is Brandon, from CURE Epilepsy. Did you know that 30% of those diagnosed with epilepsy do not respond to current medications? That is why for over 20 years, CURE Epilepsy has been dedicated to funding patient focused research to find a cure for epilepsy. Learn more about our mission and our research by visiting cureepilepsy.org. Now back to Seizing Life, I'm just sort of curious, how did Charlie's doctors at UCLA respond to this? After, I don't know, maybe six, eight months, we took Charlie to see his doctor and he didn't, he didn't say much. I can tell you that now in the intervening years, he has retired and UCLA has opened a ketogenic diet program in their pediatric epilepsy unit that's doing beautifully and they have two full-time dieticians. So, they have started to use it in their epilepsy program. But, it's kind of interesting I've really never known how he felt. Now, we tried the diet for my daughter. Unfortunately, she was part of the third that it didn't work for. However, you know, we had the help of dieticians sending us recipes. We had the benefit of keto being far more mainstream. There were ketogenic formulas that we could purchase. You know, we had significantly more resources, more technology to help us. Because it is, it's a difficult diet to maintain all of the measuring and the preparing and, you know. I wonder what that was like for you? Sort of being on the forefront of this diet and not having the resources that parents today. I mean, this was only 30 years ago. It's not like... It really wasn't that long ago, but in terms of technology and medical innovation, it's, it was, it was a while ago. What was that like for your family? It was, it was nuts. You know, there, there wasn't even food labeling back then. So, you never knew if a processed food had sugar added, you know, there's no, no way of telling. And Nancy used to spend hours in health food stores, looking for stuff with no sugar that had some taste to it. Mrs. Kelly, the dietician from Baltimore would fax us meal plans for Charlie to eat. Charlie didn't like the diet. He was really difficult to feed. And as you know, when you have a kid on that diet, they have to eat every bite of every meal and nothing more and nothing thing last for years. So it certainly was difficult. But, you know, everything is compared to what? And when the results were so outstanding, I remember us thinking, well, this is a walk on the beach compared to, you know, holding this kid a dozen times a day and dragging him off to the hospital when the seizures went on too long and watching him drift away from our family because of, you know, drug effects and seizure effects. So, compared to that, the diet, although difficult, was a walk on the beach. But you're right. Back in the early nineties, I think Charlie was one of maybe eight or 10 kids in the world who was on a ketogenic diet. That just blows my mind to think about. Because I mean, thank goodness, I suppose, that we've come so far. And, now it is, you know, if your child is seen at a major epilepsy center, the ketogenic diet is typically discussed at some point, if those first initial drugs are failed, you know, but for Charlie to has been one of eight or 10 are on this diet. I mean, it's just, it's wild. So I'm encouraged that we've made progress in this, in this area. And I think a lot of that is due to the Charlie foundation, which I really want to talk about. But first, I want to know how long was Charlie on the diet? Well, our experience was kind of unique. Normally kids who do as well in the diet as Charlie after a year and a half or two, can be weaned off and go on with life. But our experience was after the first two years of being seizure and drug free on the diet, when we tried to wean Charlie off, the seizure came back. And, so we put him back on the diet for another couple years and then tried to wean him again and again, the seizures came back. So we put them back. And it's kind of interesting to note that each time we put him back on the diet, the seizures disappeared instantly. So there's a real cause and effect. And then after the third time we put him on the diet, he was on for about a year. And when we weaned him, the seizures never came back. Ever? Ever. So he was six then. And he just turned 30 and he's never had another seizure, never taken another anti epileptic drug, never eaten a ketogenic diet meal. Trust me. In all those in all those years. That's incredible. Now, how is Charlie doing today? Have you seen any long lasting effects from the seizures or from the various treatments? Well, he does have some autism. First couple of years of brain development and the most important, and certainly he was sick at least for the second year of his brain developing. Nobody can tell us whether he would've had that autism if we had started the ketogenic diet in an appropriate amount of time. But he's very happy. He has a certificate in early childhood education. He's worked at a preschool. That's affiliated with the salvation army for the last eight years. Working with little kids and he loves his job and he's been playing piano beautifully for 20 years. And he's been boxing since he was, I don't know, 10, 12 years old. So, and he's, you know, when he was really sick and we would go to a new doctor, Nancy's first question to the doctor was never, "can you stop these seizures?" Or "can you get rid of some of these drugs?" Her first question was always, "can he be happy?" And, Charlie is a happy guy. What else does a parent want at the end of the day, right? You know, how did all of, you know, this experience affect your opinion of medical approaches to epilepsy and, or the healthcare system in general? I'd say that this kind of fickle and nobody really irons it. That there are forces at work in our healthcare system. There really have nothing to do with good health. And the more, the sooner we go through that learning curve and figure out that drug companies make billions, medical device companies make billions, food processing industry makes billions, diet therapy make zero. And it's very kind of work intensive and that, and doesn't generate revenue. And even so, insurance companies are not big fans of reimbursing dieticians. Where Elizabeth Thiele, who runs pediatric neurology at Mass General, talks about how, if she wants to prescribe ACTH hormone therapy for a kid with infantile spasms, which costs about $250 or $300,000 and lasts for three weeks or something. She can get that reimbursed with a stroke of pen. But if she wants to get a dietician reimbursed for working with a few kids, it's a big struggle with the insurance companies. And, so that's the opposition. And the sooner we get our minds around that the sooner, I think that the learning curve we go through is that we are largely in charge of our own medical destinies and the medical destinies of our children. And at first that's kind of daunting. A little bit scary. But once you adopt that theory, and I know this is a cliche word, but it's kind of empowering. The best piece of advice I got when my daughter was first diagnosed was from a friend's mother who had a rare disease herself. And she told me to have the fight. And I'll never forget that, you know, to have the fight for my daughter to have the fight with the doctors, to, you know, to have the fight. To not just blindly trust. You're 100% spot on. We have to empower ourselves to find those answers. So, to that extent, you have created the Charlie foundation. I mean, years ago now, to help do just that. To make patients aware, to empower patients with information, to make sure that the epilepsy patient population is not just aware of the ketogenic diet, but also that, ideally that practitioners are out there actually prescribing it. So what, what did you find in organizing and working through the Charlie foundation? What were the hurdles to get from where we were in 1992 to where we are today? What has stuck in my CRA the most from Charlie's experience is that nobody told us. Nobody let us know. We didn't have the information. So from the get go, the Charlie foundation's mission has been to get objective information to people about diet therapy, so that they can make informed decisions in conjunction with their healthcare worker. That's always been our, you know, laser vision goal. And I mean, I think at the heart of the problem is that, physicians are not taught diet therapy. It's just, even though it's been around forever. And even now, though, there is a century of documentation of its efficacy. And even though now in the last 20 years or so, there's been an explosion of science regarding diet therapy, metabolic therapy. There's physicians who don't really know about So I think that is at the heart of the problem. And that includes even dieticians during regular dietician school are not taught ketogenic diet. So the dieticians who are proficient in administering the diet have to have special training. One of the things we do at the Charlie foundation is we have a list of independent dieticians that we have vetted, who are experts in administering the ketogenic diet. And you can find it on our website. And they work independently, if that's of interest. That's amazing. Thank you. So what would you tell a family, parents who their child has just been newly diagnosed? What would you want them to know about the epilepsy journey, but also about the ketogenic diet on its own? Yeah, that's kind what we do. We get contacted by people who are new to epilepsy, as opposed to, you know, 28 years ago when we started the Charlie foundation. And I was just this lone dad standing on a soapbox, yelling and screaming. Today there's, there are lots of physicians and scientists or advocates of the diet. So there are published consensus guidelines, which we can send to people written by many of the world's premier epileptologist and dieticians that talk about administering the And the key quote to me in those in the guidelines is the diet should be strongly considered after the failure of two antiepileptic medicines. And that's considered that's true for adults too. But that is, that's what the medical professionals say today. We talk to parents all the time, as I mentioned in the one piece of advice that I've given more than anything over all these years and particular to moms is, "trust your instincts". Yeah, absolutely. Jim, thank you so, so much for chatting with us today. Thank you for all the work that you have done on behalf of certainly my family and so many other families who are, are receiving an epilepsy diagnosis today, who are aware of the ketogenic diet who have access to it who have epileptologists, who are prescribing it in dieticians to work with. It is parent advocates like you that make that change, that make that possible. And so we are all indebted to you and to your family. I'm so happy that it worked for Charlie and that he is living a happy life and just beyond grateful for your time today to share all of it with us. And thank you so much for paying attention to this. I hope it's helpful. Thank you, Jim, for sharing your son's story with us and thank you for your efforts through the Charlie foundation to advocate for the ketogenic diet, to be better understood and considered as a potential treatment for epilepsy. CURE Epilepsy knows the importance of discovering new treatments. Approximately 30% of people living with epilepsy are unable to control their seizures through current medications. The best hope is finding new epilepsy cures through research. That is why CURE Epilepsy is dedicated to funding patient focused research. We hope you'll help us in our search for cures by visiting cureepilepsy.org/donate. Through research, there is hope. The opinions expressed in this podcast do not necessarily reflect the views of CURE Epilepsy. The information contained here in is provided for general information only and does not offer medical advice or recommendations. Individuals should not rely on this information as a substitute for consultations with qualified healthcare professionals who are familiar with individual medical conditions and needs. CURE Epilepsy, strongly recommends that care and treatment decisions related to epilepsy and any other medical conditions be made in consultation with the patient's physician or other qualified healthcare professionals who are familiar with the individual specific health situation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tammyreed7284 [22 likes]: Have you tried a Carnivore diet?  You don’t have to measure and keep up with carbs. Ive seen other videos of ppl using it for epilepsy
  2. @marthatsehaye8176 [11 likes]: Yes I found it better when I give my daughter ketogenic diet but unfortunately I’m doing it myself without a dietitian because asked the doctor once and she said it’s too difficult for me. So I’m still following my desire and doing whatever I can.
  3. @lindsaybezet3517 [8 likes]: Thank you for sharing this interview. Anyone considering keto, I recommend it after seeking assistance from a dietitian. You don't want to do it alone. My son is on modified Atkins for epilepsy. Thank you, sir, for fighting for your son and countless other patients like my son! God bless you.
  4. @seitztribehomestead3621 [7 likes]: I have found the biggest challenge here to be getting medical staff to move towards this.We have been waiting two years to get in with a dietitian and the keto clinic at Oklahoma university childrens hospita. Multiple appointments and they keep kicking the can down the road and telling us to do pharmaceuticals in the meantime. there seems to be zero desire to help us address this issue through keto diet despite the fact that they allegedly have a program for it
  5. @qbert2395 [3 likes]: Thank you to Jim Abrahams, loved his movies, now i love him more, thank you for sharing such a personal, relatable journey!!!!  Curious to why keto is mentioned “advisable after 2 failed medications”?  I understand it’s still not convenient today, or is it liver concerns, or the fact children like carbs?  Any info is much appreciated, as always, thank you for your efforts!
  6. @trappsters3 [3 likes]: wow!!!! What an amazing interview:::: such insight.... we are on the keto diet now... reaffirms we are on the right path.;;;  GREAT GREAT JOB to CURE EPILEPSY... you guys are the focus of CONTROLING HEALTH:;      SHOWING:   " Food is thy medicine" ...  Teresa & Jarrett
  7. @Doriel-DeLorenzo [2 likes]: What a great father
  8. @shalvachase [1 likes]: 2 days!!! Wow
  9. @biglukasabc [1 likes]: wow very inspiring
  10. @dawnkarpoff2734 [1 likes]: Do you have the collection of the faxes Millie Kelly gave you? She put me on it in 1994 at age 25. I’d like to try it again.  can their be a museum dedicated to the work of Millie Kelly where people all contribute the meals she made for them?
  11. @greentreeredrose66 [1 likes]: I actually tried this diet and it triggered back my seizures after being seizure free for 3 years!
  12. @elec3calengr [1 likes]: Like and share to help save lives
  13. @banjobandasan3725: keto is fairly easy. it is important to ditch the keto treats. better yet go carnivore
  14. @dawnkarpoff2734: Do you have the collection of the faxes Millie Kelly gave you? She put me on it in 1994 at age 25. I’d like to try it again
  15. @floatysarah: My dog is on raw meat, bone & offal, but still gets epilepsy. What else helps?
  16. @EmilyKatherine-ks7vu: Physicians are the handmaidens of the pharmaceutical industry.  In the 1980s I was executive director of a Canadian community based epilepsy association staffed by professional social workers.  We ran a program modeled on "Taking Control of Your Epilepsy"  developed in Santa Rosa California.  While the program was acknowledged world wide (Russia, Australia, Western Europe) our local neurologists put pressure on our funders to stop funding our program. Our teen and adult clients had tremendous success  by learning to recognize auras, managing stress, etc etc and reducing and in many cases eliminating the need for medication.  We provided research articles on the ketogenic diet, but in those days it was difficult if not impossible to find dieticians or physicians who would collaborate with us to support our clients.  Physicians caused a great deal of stress for our clients, buy denigrating our program and inculcating fear and guilt for participating in our program.
  17. @philipalexander2075: Thank you for this great interview!😀
  18. @viveksundar: We have been following keto for the past 1 and half years.
Till 1 year there was a good control of seizures.
After one year there was gradual increase in head drops and sudden increase of frequency in GTCS episodes. 
Does this mean keto is not working or still there is a possibility for control of seizures?
  19. @trappsters3: WHEN YOU LOOK UP THE AMOUNT OF HOURS "DOCTORS" ARE EDUCATED on nutrition/supplements is ZERO... they are taught about PHARMACEDUCIL MEDICATIONS & DESIEASE --that is all they know.... :(
  20. @b.c.664: Thank you 🙏

- The Ketogenic Diet & Epilepsy Webinar - BC Epilepsy Society: Kind: captions Language: en so thank you everyone for joining us the BC epilepsy society is proud to be putting on today's webinar and of course helping people who are living with epilepsy in BC for over 60 years the webinar today will focus on the use of the ketogenic diet as a treatment option for people with epilepsy providing a review of the different mechanisms of the ketogenic diet its clinical efficacy and side effects and more from from the perspective of a pediatric neurologist and a registered dietician who are both here with us today and who use the ketogenic in their practice I'd like to start off by just introducing myself so my name is Christine Jameson I work with the BC epilepsy society as an impact speaker and getting to host amazing things like this some of you also may know I was Miss Canada 2019 and Miss BC 2018 I am someone who does live with epilepsy so I completely understand what people who we help are going through we have two wonderful panelists joining us today dr. Linda ha is a pediatric neurologist who graduated from medical school at the University of Ottawa and completed her residency in pediatrics from Memorial University and completed two fellowships one in pediatric neurology at the University of British Columbia and one in epilepsy at Yale University she is currently a pediatric neurologist and the director of the ketogenic diet program at the at BC Children's Hospital we also have Lauren Fisher and she is a registered dietician who graduated from the University of British Columbia she's currently the ketogenic diet program dietician at BC Children's Hospital so well come ladies so the way today's webinar is going to work is I'm gonna pass it off to our two panelists who are going to present all the information if you guys have any questions at any time if you go to the bottom of your bar there's a box that says questions or it says Q&A so you can just click that and type your question I'll be keeping track of all of that and we're going to be coming back to them at the end of the presentation great I will pass it off to you ladies right so I'll be starting Thank You Christine for the excellent construction and also for all that you do for the VFC of society and the families here in British Columbia with epilepsy it's our honor and our privilege to be here today and Lauren and I can talk about the ketogenic diet all day but we recognize that we only have about thirty minutes because we wanted to leave a lot of time for discussion and for questions and so forgive us if we get a bit verbose but we're both very passionate about dietary therapies we are just going to go over some of the dietary therapies that you may have heard of that we use for epilepsy therapy and I will delve in a little bit more into some of its uses and and how it works and then Lauren is going to get into the nitty-gritty the you know really the practical side of things okay if you guys have any questions please write them down when you when you think of them because we're going to be presenting so many exciting things that you'll forget your questions okay all right so to start and both of us have conflicts of interests in that we're both involved in studies with the ketogenic diet and also we're very biased because we're very keto crazy and so those disclosures that you need to know our objectives today we only really have one and it's discussed the dietary therapies we use for epilepsy we will not be touching attaching about on subjects that are beyond the scope of epilepsy although certainly we can try to answer some questions at the end of it at the end of the webinar if we have time so why do we even need dietary therapies well this really lovely chart here shows that from the inception of anti-seizure medications and the 1850s we've had about 18 medications since then we've had the basic medications and we call a first generation second generation and now we're in to our third generation where these newer drugs these new designer drugs may have less side effects but in the end has still resulted in 30% of individuals with epilepsy being resistance medications and so although we have all these new medications that we've developed we still have up to a third of individuals with epilepsy who are not well controlled and so we recognize that we need other possible therapies to offer families with epilepsy now everybody who lives with epilepsy recognizes that epilepsy not is not just seizures you don't even have to be treatment resistant and treatment resistant means not responding to two or more medications you know even if you do respond to medications epilepsy has a huge impact on an individual and families with epilepsy we recognize that anti-seizure medications have side effects we also recognize that the seizures themselves or the cause of the seizures can cause difficulties with thinking we recognize that epilepsy has impact in terms of Education employment and social consequences it can result in mood and personality changes it can really altogether restrict quality of life and then as most of you have been aware in the media and we've been trying to increase awareness of increased mortality such as SUDEP and other comorbidities and so we recognize that that epilepsy itself has a huge impact and so we need something in our an armor moratorium to fight epilepsy we're gonna be talking about the ketogenic diet I love this picture because it is a keto meal actually not really and Lauren will go into that but but this is a meal that I would just love for breakfast so what is it the ketogenic diet is a high-fat low-carbohydrate diet okay it's what we call a non pharmacologic therapy for treatment-resistant epilepsy but i want to stress that in no way is it natural okay this is not a diet that is is without it's possible risks and complications now go into that a little bit and there's not a diet that you know that you can just sort of use for epilepsy just very offhandedly okay and so we'll go a little bit to that it has been used since the early 1920s and the you'll reach well you might not read but in in old medical journals they talked about you know bringing people into the hospital and not giving them anything to eat for five days so fasting them except for just water and their seizures would get better and what we recognized was that the state of fasting can also be mimicked by a high-fat diet which produces ketones and so even though we've been using it medically since 1920s if you go back into you know old papers it's been used since 500 BC we've just modernized it and so I'm going to hand it over to Lauren to go on from here all right [Music] you okay so I'm going to talk about the different types of ketogenic diets so this graph really represents the macronutrient distributions of all the different types of ketogenic diets and how it compares to a regular diet and that's in the top left and if you do not know what macronutrients are what I just referred to here's a little quick review as I will be referring to these part throughout my part of the presentation so carbohydrates protein and fat are our macro nutrients so carbohydrate foods include things like grains rice quinoa breads pastas as well as fruits and vegetables and carbohydrates are ultimately broken down into glucose which is the fuel in our body you may have also heard of the term net carbohydrates that refers to what we actually absorb the net carbohydrates subtracts the amount of fiber so for example if you eat a fruit that had 10 grams of carbs and six of those grams were fiber then we would have four grams of net carbs protein foods would include things like meat poultry seafood green or sorry dairy legumes tofu eggs and that is oil butter margarine heavy cream and nuts there are many foods are there combination of more than one food group so for example nuts may be high in fat as well as protein so the classical ketogenic diet is based on a ratio of grams of fat to grams of carbohydrate and protein so for an example a four to one ratio would be four grams of fat to every one gram of protein and carbs all food is weighed on a gram scale and so as a dietitian for the program I know exactly how many calories how many grams of fat how many grams of protein is in a child's prescription and their diet is modified for their age their energy activity level and protein needs so no diet is the same we provide their recipes and make changes accordingly caregivers are required to do training to make all the food and provide that according to the child's prescription patients are required to measure your in ketones it is extremely rigid it requires a lot of commitment and compliance from caregivers as well as the patient it is definitely the most difficult but is the most effective and since everything is so calculated it makes it easier for us as a team to make changes to optimize seizure control so if we look at how a classical ketogenic diet compares to a typical diet at a four to one ratio 90% of their calories is coming from fat and three to five percent is coming from carbohydrates whereas in a typical diet about 55% more than half our diet would be things like greens and potatoes and pastas and things like that so 3 to 5 present maybe as little as 5 to 6 grams of carbs in the entire day and so for perspective one slice of bread is about 15 grams of carbs so it's very very small and usually it's just a little bit of fruit and vegetables the recipes need to be followed very closely Tim shirt fits in that ratio and they it's very specific so brand names really matter so for example crash male has carbohydrates versus helman mayo and B tend to start most of our patients on a four to one diet and our younger patients at three to one so once they're off once they're on a classical keto diet that you have new food groups and that is butter oil and mayonnaise liquid fat heavy whipping cream so 36 percent milk fat and protein foods such as meat poultry eggs and they always always always have to have vitamins and minerals because when your diet is 90 percent fat we're not getting any of those vitamins and minerals which we've usually get from grains or fruits and vegetables this is an example of what a 4-1 ketogenic diet would look like for maybe an older kid or a teenager or a young adult so this would be about a quarter of a chicken breast a quarter in avocado a few large tablespoons of mayo and half a stick of butter and like a couple leaves of kale and it has this had less than 1 grams of net carbs so really really restrictive higher than a four to one ratio it's difficult to meet protein needs in because and it's hard to make it really palatable but as you can see very very rigid and strict this is a picture of a family's actual keto meal because fat is so dense in calories their portions are a lot smaller which makes it easier for kids to consume everything but it's a bit of a shock when you're used to looking at a much bigger volume so I think this is like some pepperoni or deli meat and then it's cucumber waves Mayo and then there's a little glass of whipped cream in the corner that they would drink to so you have to make it fun and spread it out for really get the kids to buy into it because it is really intense but you can make it very palatable there's also formula available for patients who have ntral nutrition so if they have g-tubes or they can also drink it as an oral supplement like as a meal replacement or have a bit of extra nutrients because it these drinks although they're not for four to one ratio some 90% that they're also fortified with a lot of vitamins and minerals they need so it can be sometimes a bit easier to incorporate a shake then a couple extra by the mins during the day me shakes are also they require a physician or dietitians consent to get them so they're not available for the general public to have so another diet is the MCT oil diet and mcg stands for medium chain triglycerides MCT oil is digested faster um it is more readily available to the body and it yields more ketones so creates more ketones per gram of fat than our long chain triglycerides in the MCT oil diet about 50% of the calories come from MCT oil the diet it's not it can use a scale but a lot of the times they'll use household measurements like a cup bird tablespoon and they use a lot of the centers will use carbohydrate or protein exchanges so for example half an apple maybe one carbohydrate exchange and a patient may have up to five exchanges per day so it's still restrictive and it requires compliance and patients are still encouraged to measure their urine ketones one thing to note is pure high grade mcg oil can be a bit costly as well as mcg oil can be a bit difficult to tolerate it can cause a little bit of GI upset like nausea or vomiting diarrhea those uncomfortable things we use MCT oil in our program but typically the in combination with the classical keto diet we don't start with it right away Toronto stick kids though they use a lot more of the MCT oil diet in their program so this isn't the plate representation of the MCT oil diet so as I said about 50% of the diet comes from mcg that extra 23% so comes from other butter oil heavy whipping cream and allows for a lot more car behind rates because the MC tol creates more ketones greater than 50% MC T can be a bit hard on the gut so can call some of those intolerant symptoms so modified Atkins or modified keto diet gets its name from the Atkins diet which became popular in the 90s it is a low carb high protein and high in saturated fat diet and a lot of people know it for its use in weight loss carbohydrates are limited to 20 to 25 grams per day so much bigger than 5 in a classical keto diet does require patients to carb count and label read for accuracy and about 55 to 65 percent of their calories are still coming from fact it is definitely a less restrictive but it yields a little less ketones so this would be an example of a modified keto plate it's really great for more suitable for adults or older and independent teams because it's quite accommodating for eating out someone may be able to order a dish without the bread or potatoes and have it fit within that modified diet and there may be able to purchase certain packaged foods like bars or snacks and so about 50% of patients on a modified keto diet and they have a 30 to 50 percent decrease in seizures so already touched on these things so yes it's definitely more accommodating less restrictive so our low glycemic index diet is based on the glycemic index so this refers glycemic index referred to a foods ability to raise blood glucose levels foods that are high on the glycemic index so this high redline includes things like white bread or sweets these foods provide a rapid increase of glucose into the blood like shown on this graph foods that are low in the glycemic index include things that are high in fiber such as whole grains oatmeal vegetables they have a slow and prolonged release of glucose into the blood so that's that curried line there so those foods are considered low and glycemic index so the low glycemic index is less a less restrictive diet it's still high in fat and has carb restrictions and the carb carbohydrates that they do consume must have a low glycemic index so those really high fiber grains and vegetables and some fruits as well they actually don't need to measure here and ketones on this diet as this diet don't generally does not promote ketosis and about a 30% of patients will have a 90% reduction in seizures and 20% will have a 50% reduction in seizures the Children's Hospital on Albert I uses this therapy often it is reported that is quite effective in patients with Angelman syndrome so so this is an example of so as we can see the plate still shows high fat but much more carbs than some of our other diets and the meal that that dish there is a cauliflower and cheddar hash done in a waffle iron to get that crispy half brown so I feel like that's something I could definitely eat so on the other thing it's not just food that contains carbohydrates everything contains carbohydrates and this is something that we teach our families to be really aware of what their child is on the ketogenic diet some medications like liquid and chewable Medicaid can have carbs or sweeteners that can impact their ketosis and their seizure control all of their vitamins and minerals may have carbohydrates so we prescribed them certain brands and certain formulations to make sure that although they need these vitamins and minerals it doesn't impact their seizure control and everything that may be related to like personal hygiene so anything that sits on the skin for a long time that maybe absorbs like our sunscreens lotions and soap can't actually absorb carbohydrates through the scan and that may impact their ketones and seizure control so this is more than just a diets definitely a big lifestyle change and adjustment for families all right I'll hand it back to dr. huh okay sorry I I love hearing Lauren talk so I got a little bit distracted but then we restarted on my end okay so Lauren talked about the exciting part which is the food part but I'm gonna go into a little bit about how the diet works and and and how it started and and how one does the ketogenic diet so first of all um we don't know how the diet ketogenic diet works and sometimes that makes people a little bit uncomfortable but in medicine we don't always know exactly how things work although we do have a good idea in terms of how the ketogenic diet works you you really need to go back and some of you may be cringing at this diagram because it reminds you a heck of a lot of biology in high school and but in order to understand the ketogenic diet you kind of need to understand how you know the regular regular diet metabolism works and so if you look on the picture on the left you see that the pancreas so when you have low glucose if you start at the top that the pancreas actually releases something called glucagon which is a hormone that actually increases glucose levels when you have low glucose your muscle breaks down so your protein goes to amino acids and that produces glucose your red blood cells and right and your white blood cells can actually produce something called lactate and so people would recognize that from you know when they're exercising a lot lactic acidosis and that actually gets converted to glucose and so there's a lot of ways that you can actually make glucose and and almost everything in the body will preferentially use glucose as an energy source no ketones are produced either in times when you don't have any food coming in sir when you're fasting or if you have a high-fat diet you can see they're only on the right of that diagram that free fatty acids or fatty acids get converted into ketones and the brain actually loves ketones the brain really works really well on ketones however with high levels of glucose it typically will go for the glucose because they see you be an easier pathway and so what we're aiming for is to produce ketones so ketones are the anti-seizure medication of the ketogenic diet or at least the main anti-seizure medication of the diet that there are a few other ways that it works and so this very complicated diagram in order to summarize it just basically shows that there are at least five different ways the ketogenic diet works which is why you know we feel it actually works so well why is such a strong therapy for epilepsy and also why it doesn't really choose certain types of epilepsy in terms of the way it works it can work on all types of epilepsy okay so when do we use dietary therapies for epilepsy when someone has failed to anti-seizure medications or more is when we would offer the ketogenic diet we also offer it in certain conditions that people are born with one is one called glucose transporter or one deficiency which is quite rare another one is an energy metabolism issue pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency and actually this is the therapy for that and even if they don't have epilepsy we would use it for that other conditions where it may work and many of you may have heard of this it's the ketogenic diet has you know been receiving a lot of hot press in the last decade or so and where it's starting to be used as cancer and brain tumors in Alzheimer's disease and other dimensions in traumatic brain injury in autism and and also in Parkinson's disease and this really speaks to the different mechanisms and in terms of how it works you know although we do know that it does calm down the brain's extra excitability we also know that it has a neuro protective effect and it also helps improve you know people's mental status or people's level of alertness and so in addition to that we also know that there is an anti-inflammatory effect and so that's why people you know are using it in things like cancer and brain tumors and so you know people are using it in different conditions not only epilepsy and you probably would have heard of it through that as well does it work well 50 years ago I would have said we think it does but now with confidence I can say it definitely does and we've had multiple studies even the highest grade of study which is a randomized control trial they all show that it works the bonus that we've been looking at at in these studies is that the ketogenic diet also shows that there's an improvement in terms of the level of alertness and people's ability to think what we would call an encephalopathy and so that's been something that it's shown it also has been shown to improve sleep is it cost-effective so when I say that we know that the ketogenic diet can be expensive some of these foods cost more the formulas you know are costly also it's very resource intensive so I'm gonna go into how we start the ketogenic diet but you'll see that it takes a lot of dietitian time and you know our dietitian is actually probably our most precious resource but you know when you take it when you take into account all of the extra expenses it does show that it is effective there was a study done in actually here in Canada that looked at the costs that people incurred with difficult to control epilepsy before the ketogenic diet and compared to after the ketogenic diet including the cost of starting the ketogenic diet and it show that hands down there was a significant decrease in healthcare costs and so we know it works and we know it's cost-effective in terms of when you cannot use the ketogenic diet there's actually multiple multiple genetic conditions in certain medications where you cannot use them the ketogenic diet and so it's important that the ketogenic diet be started after assessment by the medical team other connotations as I mentioned there certain medications which cannot be used with the ketogenic diet out no risk of harm other times we discourage the use is if there's a risk of aspiration so swallowing some of the foods into the lungs because of the high fat it can cause you know a terrible pneumonia if someone already has a history of high cholesterol or high lipids or history of kidney stones I'm gonna go into the side effects you know shortly we we do look at that with caution because it can really exacerbate that tendency and so you know that's something we really look at in balanced risks and benefits of being on the diet the last one I put in my other hat is epilepsy surgery and so I do have to put a plug in that if someone is a really good surgical candidate and that we can offer you know a good chance of seizure reduction or seize your freedom with surgery we we usually tend to recommend going the route of surgery instead and so while it's not a contraindication it is something that we would counsel on and there's no harm in going on the diet than going to surgery and considering both paths I'm gonna go and bit into the side effects of the ketogenic diet and I want you to know that these are potential side effects not everybody gets things okay and so I don't want it to scare you off the ketogenic diet but it is something we do see frequently when we start the ketogenic diet you have to member that if you go back to Lauren's comparison of the regular North American diet that you know that we're not eating 90 percent or even 60 percent fat and so most of our diet comes from carbohydrates and so our bodies are used to running on carbohydrates as a fuel when we when an individual converts from a carbohydrate metabolism or using carbohydrates as fuel to fat there are some there are some difficulties I should say many people call the keto flu but you know children and adults will get quite fatigued they'll get nauseated vomiting may occur especially if it's also compounded by constipation low blood sugars don't tend to be common although we can see that and that's just the body getting used to getting into the fat metabolism so we do you know watch out for low blood sugars during the time of conversion and also dehydration I don't know how many of you guys have ever had a day where you've really gone a bit crazy on high-fat diet like you a McDonald's and not that I'm dissing McDonald's at all but you know three times a day you feel really awful you know you know your stomach feels really full you feel bloated you feel a bit nauseated you feel very thirsty well that's how it is for you know up to three days but then once an individual converts from the carbohydrate metabolism to the fact metabolism they do much better and like I said it's not everybody but it is the majority and we do warn people about this you know ahead of time once they're on the diet this is not an issue okay I'm gonna go with it into the long term side effects of what we see and and why we do the things we do when people are on the diet and so the biggest thing is really gastrointestinal or gut issues okay so constipation tends to be quite common and that's just because if you look at you know how much how much carbohydrate and protein people are allowed to have when you take into account medications and such there isn't a whole lot left for fibre or vegetables and so constipation does tend to be more common especially since that tends to slow down the motility some people get diarrhea especially if they're on higher MCT oil or something high lipids and high cholesterol does occur on the diet quite commonly and sometimes the body will correct itself and that'll auto correct on its own or sometimes we need to take measures to bring it down inflammation of the pancreas can actually happen as well it's very rare but it's something that we really watch out for because that can be very dangerous other potential side effects so nutritional as Lauren said we're not offering a whole lot of vitamins and minerals and so vitamin and mineral deficiency used to be very common we do check vitamin levels and mineral levels quite commonly now I'd add at the beginning and then every three months initially and then we supplement really quite aggressively in order to avoid deficiencies carnitine is a protein that shuttles fat across the membrane and so you do need that and sometimes on the ketogenic diet that can be depleted and so we measure that previously growth restriction you and you'll read about that when you read about the ketogenic diet we do aim to give enough protein for children to grow in terms of along their percentile but sometimes you know after people come off the diet you will see them doing some catch-up growth so to speak we do not aim to lose weight this is not a weight-loss measure and surprisingly even though you're individuals are on a high-fat diet they don't actually gain weight and that's really Lauren's job is to ensure that you know the proper amount of calories is met in terms of the kidneys the the ketones tend to call it a bit the cause a bit of an acidosis in the blood and most people don't aren't affected by this whatsoever but that does tend to increase the risk of kidney stones and so people who are on the ketogenic died after our supplement to try to decrease that long longer term side effects is really the things that we worry about is really bone density people with treatment-resistant epilepsy do have a tendency for decreased bone density and that's that's due to many factors some of the factors is long-term medication use other factors is decreased activity and other factors are genetic factors but the ketogenic diet definitely has an impact on on bone health and so we supplement very aggressively with calcium and vitamin D but we do have to you know weigh the benefits of the diet with the risk of things like fractures in the future the white blood cells is something that we see although rarely is it does it actually you know make a clinical impact and that people are immunocompromised or they have troubles and fighting infection and then in the past we used to see more cardiomyopathy but that's really rarely seen now and it's proposed that it could have been due to a micronutrient called selenium but we rarely see that now how is it done well initially there's an assessment by the ketogenic diet team that's myself who is a Cajun a diet physician or one of my ketogenic diet colleagues we have Lauren who is a hygienic dietitian and then we have excellent nurse clinicians who are experts in this field and who are also an integral part of the team the things we ask is are there medical content contraindications are there medical reasons why someone can't be on the diet will the family be compliant is this a good fit for the family at that time what are the medications we need to make and as Lauren mentioned there are no suspensions allowed and what's the urgency that we start and although every one is urgent to us there are certainly conditions or certain situations where we have to start it immediately and there's certain situations where you know they can wait a few weeks or even a few months if that's what the family prefers the way we started is families will undergo three to five days of education in the kitchen with Lauren and our nurse clinician initially there they don't need for sixty eight hours at night time and then we do the blood work in the morning to see what the baseline is in terms of minerals and vitamins and fats and things like that and then we gradually increase the ratio over three to four days if it's a classic ketogenic diet the parents are instructed on the preparation of meals so measurements how to calculate you know the different grams of everything and then also how to monitor ketones the ketones are sort of our drug levels and it tells us how effective the ketogenic diet is an individual initially we look at blood sugars to make sure people aren't going low but that's only in the first two or three days the ketones are really what are measured a long-term basis the best by far in terms of the gold standard is blood and that's what we measure is beta-hydroxybutyrate but it's very it's very most families can't go to the hospital on a regular basis to get that done there are ketone meters and on the bottom right you'll see an example of a ketone meter some of those are a bit fraught with with reliability but they do tend to be accurate they are extremely expensive though not the actual kitto namida but the strips can be very expensive and so it doesn't really make it so accessible for people we typically use urine ketones and you'll see it on the top on the top of the picture there and that's where we actually use a dipstick and to check the year and ketones on those are probably not the best but they are the most practical and sometimes what we'll do is we'll try to correlate them with the black ketones and then they type do tend to be reliable breath ketones are also an option although not very accurate and we don't use that very much at all and so how long do we usually trial it we ask for three months because three months is what we need in order to get good ketosis and to really adjust the calories and the nutrient support in the ratio accordingly and so we asked for a commitment of three months no matter what mm-hmm and then how long do we continue it well we usually continue it for one to two years we follow-up at three months and usually every three to six months thereafter we do routine blood work weight physical examinations and after one or two years we would offer for individuals to come off sometimes people can't come off because you know their seizures returned so we do have some individuals that have been and I want it much longer but those individuals of course we have to risk you know the risks and the benefits of being on a more long-term the majority of individuals will actually continue to have seizure improvement even off the diet and so that's when I talk about that neuroprotective effect of the ketogenic diet and in terms of long term side effects you know everyone would think that they would have you know Arthur arteriosclerosis and they would be having you know heart attacks and strokes but actually long-term studies do not show that there's an increased risk for cardiovascular disease and so and that's probably what we see in that that the liver or the metabolism does tend to even out we have seen that the growth does slow although improves once off the diet kidney stones and the bones are something that we worry about in terms of long term but you know although this sounds very difficult when they did a survey people everyone who you know who did who was on the ketogenic diet 96% of them would answer that they would recommend the diet to others but only after trying medications because as one of our wonderful families have said mm-hmm excuse my language it sucks but it works so it's something that people who have been on it although it is quite difficult they do feel it it is worth it once they're on it okay and let's see another presentation I think we were good for time yeah you guys were great so we have a lot of really great questions here some for lingo some for Lauren and then some that I can answer from the BC epilepsy society so we'll start with this one for you guys and it's can the ketogenic diet be used with other treatments such as medications V&S etc I can answer that definitely and in fact it almost always is used with other therapies if you think of you know one of the you know one of the criteria for starting the diet it's after failing two medications and so typically when people start the diet they are often on one medication to actually the most common thing we see there's actually two or three medications if the diet works we really get down to peeling off those medications the vagal nerve stimulator has also been shown that you know they can be additive in terms of you know the effect and so you know the ketogenic diet is not something we take off but you know since something that we use together perfect um so we had someone ask if they can get a copy of the PowerPoint slides after the presentation um so if anyone would like a copy um if you just simply send us an email we'll make sure that we get you all the information that you need and if you have any further questions we can answer those at that time as well and Christine I think this is a recorded isn't it so I like um if you would like a recording in fact we will have that available as well um so we did have a question over here this is geared towards children is the information similar for adults I can answer it's very learn you can pop in anytime you like yes so we did try to make it applicable to both children and adults right now the Vancouver General Hospital does not have its own ketogenic diet program although it's something that we're looking into is a provincial pediatric adult ketogenic diet program we've been speaking to our dog as well colleagues and both a vgh as well as Fraser health about starting an adult ketogenic diet program so the there will be a program and I do feel that there will be but the information would apply to both adults and in children what is your preferred method of measuring ketosis I believe after adapting to the ketogenic diet AC AC is not excreted in the urine as much which leaves us - which leaves us with the serum bhp levels and breath acetone so I think you talked about this a little bit but would you be able to elaborate well what's my preferred level maybe our preferred method I think preference is about convenience as well as accuracy and so that's a fine balance I think if someone can afford a keto meter and then and they don't mind being pricked you know once or twice a day or pricking the kids once or twice a day that's probably preferred in terms of accuracy sending someone to get blood work is not an option for us just because you know III don't think that's practical for an individual in terms of the quality of life but we do do it when we need to and so urine ketones tend to be a really good surrogate marker and we we have been using them quite often they're non-invasive and they're easy to do and so people can check them twice a day even three times a day without you know causing too much discomfort without causing any to cover each other to the child or to the adult and so that's probably preferred in terms of you know for for patients the the breath keep that the breathalyzers there I think they're great I think they're fine they're just hard to get and and they're prone to malfunction and so then you end up going to getting blood work and or you know switching to a ketone reader and so you know we we teach the urine ketones when we you know when we teach the ketogenic diet but if someone wants to do you know a ketone leader we can support them in that way for sure I know that didn't that was an exact answer but preference is just if they're a difference in the efficacy and reduction in seizures with the classical ketogenic diet and the other variations yeah for sure yeah the classic ketogenic diet is by far the most effective 20 to 30 percent will become seizure free and after two thirds will have a greater than 50% reduction in seizures and so the classical pita genic died which is a three to one or the four to one ratio it's definitely the most efficacious the other ones have a have anywhere from a thirty to forty percent of 50 percent reduction okay so only a third will have a fifty percent reduction but if you look at other medications you know the ones that are go to market many of them have the same efficacy so it's kind of like trying another medication so to speak but the reason we use them is because they are more flexible and they're you know more palatable and they are a little bit easier because I mean Lauren you can speak for this but we find it really almost impossible for adolescents or adults to follow the classical ketogenic diet I think what's really tough about the classical ketogenic diet - for adults or older teens especially if they're more active have a higher protein requirements and there's just such little carbohydrates it just makes it not very palpable and it's not very accommodating to someone that has like going out with friends or that social aspect as well like you couldn't go out to eat at a restaurant or have kind of a spontaneous meal so that makes it really tough as well to do a classical like in our more spontaneous lifestyle sometimes we can you know for children that's right for children and adults who are g-tube fed you know we would always go with a classical diet in terms of the formula so if someone is exclusively formula fed you know through a tube you know the the classical diet would be used sorry I've got to meet myself there for a second so Lauren you had mentioned that fruits and vegetables are high in carbs well there are some are there some fruits and vegetables that are better or worse for people to eat while they're on a ketogenic diet there's definitely not a better or worse while on keto I think what's the most important part about our fruits and vegetables is the fiber content so like I said that part is not absorbed so the biggest difference between fruits and vegetables is the amount of fiber they have so if something like celery is very high in fiber so you're not digesting so you get a lot bigger volume but the net carbohydrate is the part that's absorbed and what we're looking at so if I'm making a recipe or recommendation I'll keep the net carb the same so they might have like one gram of net carb and that volume will change depending on how much fiber is in a fruit and vegetable so if someone has a higher appetite something that's really high in fiber like celery or lettuce or carrots something like that might be better cuz it's more fair laying feeling cuz it's higher in fiber but then if someone's not feeling well has a smaller appetite and has a hard time finishing meals and something that's lower in fiber and has a bit more of that absorbable carbohydrates like berries or apples is something easier to so pretty much all fruits and vegetables picked I would say the hardest ones are like potatoes and bananas because they're really starchy and they don't have a lot of fiber those ones typically don't really fit but everything else pretty much works so no good or bad awesome and a really interesting question here is if we expect to see do we expect to see changes going into the future with this diet and whereas you see that might be advancements within the ketogenic diet I love that question I think what's really exciting from the food part of it is I know that it's been around more in the media's like weight loss but it's brought a lot of really neat products on the market like I saw a keto pizza crust in my local grocery store and I was looking at their labels and I was like oh this is actually like me one of my patients could actually use this this is super cool which before they were pizza was kind of awesome menu so I think that's really exciting is there's just definitely more a bigger market so companies are getting more and more innovative with things that actually fit in a medical keto diet so that's exciting on the on the medical side the we've been talking about getting the ketogenic diet in a pill so once we can figure out the mechanism you know we can make it a lot more available to many many more individuals and so I do think that we will get there we'll be able to offer it you know in just a pill but where people don't have to change their whole diet mmm the other thing about it is you know we're actually looking at this right now at BC Children's and within congestion with Calgary Children's but we know that the ketogenic diet changes the by the microbiome so the gut flora and I think that's been also a very hot topic in the last 10 years because we know you know essentially you are what you eat and so we know that the bacteria the organisms in our gut can be changed by the ketogenic diet and so hopefully by studying what those changes are and and you know what are good organisms and bad organisms inside the tummy we can look at another way that we can offer the ketogenic diet you know in a pill so to speak or through other ways that is amazing to hear all the advancements that are happening and so if someone and is allergic to so can the diet be done if someone is allergic to dairy as there in the examples you gave Lauren there's a lot of cream involved you know we talked about whipped cream or someone who's vegan as you know we also talked about egg based mayose and that sort of thing so is it possible for there someone who has dietary restrictions to find the balance in the keto diet yeah I think a classical ketogenic diet without dairy would be really tough because a lot of the just because it's so concentrated in fat and the heavy whipping cream just makes it really easy if you can drink that like water it down and make it into like a glass of milk it makes the meals a lot more palatable and just kind of easy to take down so I have a lot of families that rely on heavy Kerr whipping creams like one of their main ones for the classical diet so I think if it was a true cow's milk allergy cow's milk protein allergy a Costco would be hard usually if it's lactose intolerance that can be accommodated into classical because butter Mayo and heavy whipping cream it doesn't actually have that much lactose or you could take something like lactaid like a lactose enzyme so just be exploring those options it's not impossible all but it would be challenging and I think begin like a completely vegan diet out of the the classical with I don't know if we would work out a four to one ratio I haven't tried doing the math yet but the beans and legumes that are really a staple of protein in a vegan diet are also quite high in carbohydrates so that one would be tricky it might be something easier like a low glycemic index or the modified but classical would be really tough hey so does the diet have any negative interactions with seizure medications that we know of I cannot answer that no it does not it doesn't it's an interesting interesting therapy and that it doesn't really affect the levels of of other medications there are some medications though that can potentiate some of the side effects and so some of the medications that already predisposed to kidney stones like to appear mater's in this amide or acetazolamide though those we just watch with caution and we supplement with higher you know potassium citrate which is what we use for you know lowering the acidity of the urine and then the some of there's other medications such as about probic acid where we have to watch carnitine levels because they can also deplete those a little bit but there and then other medications sometimes rarely can can some people get a little bit more sleepy once I start the diet but but no it doesn't actually affect other other drug levels or affect the way that they work it's a good question so on the same sort of note are there I we talked about medical contradictions that might would mean someone can't be on the ketogenic diet could you give an example of what that would be yep so um the one that we most commonly see is public carnitine deficiency it's when someone actually is missing that protein that shuttles fat across the membrane and so if that happens it can be quite disastrous and there's some other genetic conditions that we see that you know are quite rare but but should be ruled out so you did already enter this so I'm I'm a little bit in your slides and in your presentation but how long would someone expect to be on the ketogenic diet for and so we asked for a three-month commitment and not three months initially is you know allows us to adjust calories ratios food preferences and make sure that we really you know dialed it in so to speak before giving up on it if someone responds to it then typically we would use it for at least one to two years that's the decision that we make with the families as we go along we're definitely not prescriptive about that and it's something that we revisit at each visit and talk about but many conditions what it's used for we would go up to two years and then you know consider taking them off if they do get worse coming off sometimes we may go back on it and I think the longest one we ever had was probably 14 years but that's really really rare and and you know that individual made a conscious choice between you know seizures you know and the bone issues and some of the protein issues and things like that that's very rare so if someone is experiencing a digestive issues from eating a lot of weak keto is very high high in fat is there a keto friendly way to help with sort of got issues I know it's a very large topic but I just skinned the top but you made me don't sense what the digestive issues are actually because you know the diet being a diet you know its primary side effects tend to be you know in the gut and so you know knowing what we know about you know there being a slowed motility you know in terms of things moving I don't want to get too graphic here but you know constipation has to be quite common and so if it's constipation we would work on that if it tends to be you know more of a bloating or a gaseous and we would try to work on that if it tends to be diarrhea then we sorry GI talk but then we would work on that I don't know Lauren do you yeah for food we wouldn't really make any foods like it especially if it was something that was really working there's not a lot of wiggle room or a lot of changes to make but there's just maybe spacing out the meals promoting like a bit more activity you can always help but with the diet being so high in fat there's not a lot of wiggle room to maneuver it have families like want to be on probiotics and I don't know if that's all it's hard to know yeah probiotics we don't actually encourage because probiotics are not going totally off topic here and I apologize and you open that door it's I mean the probiotics are not you know are not regulated in any way so you actually don't know what's in the probiotic and if you if you didn't know what was in it you don't know what levels are that are in there and you don't know which are the good bacteria which of the bad bacteria you know the microbiome of an individual changes depending on their age depending on their diet depending on where they live what medications they're on and so we don't actually know you know what the good bacteria is so to speak and so it's always hard for us to make those recommendations great that was a very good answer to a very difficult question so a really good question here we have a lot of people within our epilepsy circle here who are more independent so for those who are more independent as the ketogenic diet have a negative impact on people who take part in high output endurance sports like cycling or running and that sort of thing I can answer that Lauren and then yeah mm-hmm undoubtedly and I will are we done oh okay undoubtedly when someone starts the ketogenic diet there will be changes in energy and that's just because you know the body needs time to get into the metabolism with the help that the reason we know we really mandate that a dietician follows an individual's because dietitian is able to change those caloric needs and the energy needs and and that is done exquisitely and very independently there are definitely you know long distance you know endurance athletes who are on the ketogenic diet very high performance athletes where the ketogenic diet but their you know their diet is a science I'm sure they have a whole team working on it but yeah you know if followed by a dietician who has good expertise you know one should be able to do all of the activities normally one does even if it's a high performance competitive you know competitive sport Lauren do you want to yeah I think worked with a few kind of teenage boys that were highly active and played competitive sports and have done a ton of activity and it was just required a lot of really close communication and monitoring to make sure they were able to do that and providing them enough energy to do all of those things still so haven't seen any negative issues one serve kind of stable and being followed great these are the next questions a little bit longer so dr. Linda you stated that the presence of ketones is what has the anti seizure effects but there is also a statement that the low glycemic diet resulted in reduced seizures have you been finding with dietary interventions that are lowering over a blue glucose intake without increasing fat or modifying vegetable fiber intake beneficial for patients as well excellent question and I feel like Elizabeth teal planted you is the epileptologist actually who initially came up with a low glycemic diet and what she noted with one of her colleagues is that that maybe you don't need the ketones maybe what you need is a lower level of glucose or a more stable level of glucose and undoubtedly I I do feel that's one of the mechanisms and so I did contradict myself and I loved that you caught that and you're really good listener but yes so we use ketones as sort of the drug level but I I don't think that that's the only mechanism in fact you know one of the main sorry one of the more common mechanisms that people study in animal studies and humans as well is studying you know that lowered level of glucose which people in the ketogenic diet definitely have I can tell you if someone's got good ketones by looking at their glucose levels because they run lower and so that's definitely one of the mechanisms we also know the other mechanism is fatty acids so we know that it changes the membrane and that's that that's not a ketone thing that's actually a ketogenic diet thing and also there's changes in terms of some of the brain chemicals a lot of the ones that you might recognize for mood so serotonin dopamine what what we call mono amines those are also changed and I think that's what's responsible for that level of alertness or that you know that people feel a lot more awake when they're on the diet so you're right you know although I see the ketones are sort of the medic you know that the mainstay of the diet it's certainly not the only one and the low glycemic index diet it specifically works on the lower level of glucose or that that sort of even stated that of ATP the energy substrate interestingly sometimes do you have ketones and if you look at you know the fat content it is higher the normal one normally would but in conjunction with the lower glucose levels you know it does tend to work great um so this question um if someone wasn't taking Chinese herbs is there any sort of contradiction with that and the the diet like I'm just Chinese herbs in general yes yeah okay well like I said some supplements a lot of supplements actually they might have other additives so if you're taking something in a pill formation it may have some any kind of additive that may contain carbohydrates and that would affect their ketone level if we weren't aware of it um stuff like any kind of dried herb like usually they can use in cooking and that won't affect if it's like a dry herb on its own usually won't affect ketones if it's something like a herbal tea as long as it de long as it doesn't want as it doesn't have it doesn't have any they don't affect ketones from a general point of view great I am going to mispronounce the sword our exogenous ketones ever used exhaustion is ketones no so you might see in like a health food store or something like that they might have like ketones on a bottle and you're like wow looks interesting but we don't use those because it doesn't actually like me digest them and it doesn't actually get to the brain it's also one of those other products it's not regulated and I've had reports from dietitians at other centers where their patients have used them and they might have a little increase in ketones after but then overall their ketones level level drops after they use them so it's not something it's such a new product we don't know much about so it's not something the we use at all you know if you have anything else to add about that one perfect well that is all the questions that we have okay um so that's um so that is all the questions that we have and I want to thank start by thanking all of the attendees who came out today we love having you here and we would love to know what you what other webinars you want to see and what else we can do so please feel free to contact us our by email at info at BC epilepsy comm or by any of our social media channels and a huge thank you to Lauren and Linda so we'll be sharing up this webinar and we'll have copies of it if you'd like a copy simply send us an email that would be great any last words Lauren and Linda no but thank you for coming and and giving us the whole hour of your very precious well thanks for having us perfect awesome I'm going to end this webinar here and I just wanted to send out one more big thank you to everyone have a great night and a great rest of the week bye everyone

- The Hidden Benefits of Keto in Epilepsy – Dr. Eric Kossoff Explains!: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Dr Eric Westman and this is the ketoade simple podcast hi everyone Dr Eric Westman here and welcome back to my YouTube channel or or if you're watching with adapt Your Life Academy great to see you from time to time I get to ask people who I think are the movers and shakers in the low carb keto or medical world and today it's my great pleasure to have Dr Eric kof how are you doing Eric good good thanks for inviting me Eric my pleasure and for those who don't know who you are and maybe because I think you're a pediatric neurologist if that's right and and so many of my viewers are in the adult medicine space so who are you what do you do how did you get into this area how could I possibly be interviewing you I mean it's great baby no sure yeah so I am as you correctly said I'm a pediatric neurologist I take care of children with various neurologic diseases although most of my time about 95% of my time is epilepsy uh I've been doing it here at John's Hopkins in Baltimore for about 20 25 years now uh started uh down in Virginia did my training here in Baltimore and then never left uh early in my training um I met Dr John Freeman and Dr Patty Vining and and they were running the ketogenic diet Center for Children uh here at Hopkins for oh probably about 15 to 20 years uh when I arrived and it just blew me away I thought it was incredibly interesting I had really never heard of it before in my pediatric training or in medical school and so I kind of followed them around and did a little bit of research as a resident and epilepsy fellow and then decided that I wanted to make it my career and around the time I became faculty Dr Freeman retired and so I took over the Pediatric program which has continued to grow and I'm very involved continually with uh children with epilepsy I'm the I guess sort of associate kind of director of our adult epilepsy Diet Center which is very exciting Dr McKenzie svena runs that but I help and assist and uh it's exciting to see that and occasionally we collaborate with others like you and others who are working on fields other than epilepsy and ask Our advice and and help so uh yeah it's an interesting career and uh love the ketogenic diet it's a lot of work but a lot of uh rewarding rewarding fun too so what year would it uh when you came through training and when you went to Johns Hopkins to learn about this yeah so it was I started my training in 1998 uh and then it was probably yeah probably about 2000 2001 that I finished my fellowship came on to the faculty so yeah almost almost 25 years ago well let's just start with with that question um about your tempal patient right so you know I I see a lot of children from around the midatlantic area and sometimes other countries and parts of parts of the US too uh with typically refractory epilepsy meaning they have seizures they've not responded to two or three or sometimes many more medications uh many times they've been evaluated to see if they could have epilepsy surgery which in in many cases can be a cure but not always appropriate for every child and sometimes the families don't desire that uh so they get referred to me to say you know are there other options families have heard about the ketogenic diet quite a bit now that the last 20 years have been exciting just for public awareness through a lot of your work and others so families are familiar with it some of them have even tried sort of dabbling in it on their own um and so we meet with them my dietitian meets with them we explain kind of how we do it uh for a medical ketogenic diet for children how we usually typically admit children and gradually start them on it and what followup would look like um we explained to families that for most of them it's a combination of medications and the diet but 80% of our kids are on both but if they do well we can lower medicine sometimes reduce medicine and uh obviously that's uh ideal if we can pull that off too A lot of them have better cognitive Improvement as well um so we go through that with the family and make sure that they understand um sort of what the ketogenic diet program at Hopkins is like and then shortly after we'll we'll get them started um it's it's been great we see babies we see sort of toddlers uh definitely see a lot of adolescents although we tend to use more of a modified Atkins diet for the for most of the teenagers um but for the most part you know it's it's sort of a a discussion in the clinic about what it's going to be like and make sure the family has good goals and expectations yeah so when you when you councel someone about the diet change for epilepsy what percent of folks what percent of the children have total resolution like let's say with even without Mets does that ever happen oh for sure yeah I mean that's what makes it so exciting so you know if you look at the statistics before we even talk about the diet you know medications certainly work uh but if you've try two or three or four medicines the the chance of seizure Freedom starts to drop pretty quickly um for the first drug you pick could be like 50% seizure free but if you go down to drug number three or four it gets to close to about five 5% not zero you know it's why we still keep trying new drugs in many of the cases but you know probably about a one out of 20 chance that they're going to become seizure free with that that new shiny medication that's out there um yeah that's not great no no it's it's it's not for sure um and that's again why the families look for other options and say what else do you have uh the diet no matter actually what the ages gender where you are in the world in fact it's probably around 15% so your freedom so three times as high with trying a dietary therapy um and that's why we often think about it and talk to families about using it in fact there's a lot of research now looking at doing it sooner not waiting until you've tried so many medications because you know there's no reason to think it wouldn't be successful using it first or second so that's one one five 15% will have total remission of epilepsy by the ketogenic diet y that's that's exactly that's all comers you know so there's yeah that it's amazing and yeah I wonder even would it be higher if you didn't have the referral selection bias of you're probably getting the worst cases now right well you know it's interesting Eric I think that was probably true maybe 10 15 years ago you know we were sort of the therapy of Last Resort uh you know families were sent to us or found out about us cuz they were desperate had nothing else you know that was being offered by their Center and even those kids again you look at the data it's like 15% which is which is remarkable what I think has started to change is I think as a community of neurologists we're starting to realize there are specific indications that are more responsive to diet therapy uh than other indications epilepsy is is complicated um there's multiple kinds of epilepsy multiple reasons why children have seizures the genetics of epilepsy is exploding year by year where we're finding new genes and new syndromes and that's sort of the big push of our community is to find those indications where you know it may not even be 15% so there's a condition called glute one deficiency about 80% 80% seizure free I mean why would you even think of trying anything else and so we're we're you know really trying to establish those indications to get these children on the diet sooner y I'll never forget when that paper was that I think that was done well maybe maybe it wasn't h but where trying to find the mechanism of why there was total remission you know and I remember one was like overnight all the seizures on like you know multiple seizures per day and and the glute one so the receptor that allows glucose to go into the brain was not it was deficient right so glute one deficiency was an explanation for why some kids would because you shift them over to ketone fuel for the brain you can get around this glucose receptor that no longer works or never did work right if it was so how so of all uh let's say 100 people come with epilepsy how many have glut one deficiency you know it's it's it's relatively rare you know it's something you know that is you know one of the many indications there just probably about 15 to 20 that we know about but glute one is sort of the the classic one because it's you know the treatment of choice for glute one deficiency but I'd say maybe you know sort of in an average year two or three of our population that we put on the diet have glute one out of you know 50 to 60 children so but obviously we're a referral center so if they're diagnosed with glute one they get them on the diet as soon as possible um but it's it's relatively rare in the in the scheme of epilepsy I think how does someone get diagnosed with that do they need a a brain scan or is it genetic test yeah so that's also changed uh really just in the last 10 years there's now a genetic test it's called the SLC 2a1 Gene that's in a lot of epilepsy panels we send these panels off looking at 340 epilepsy genes U it used to be a lumbar puncture which obviously is more cumbersome now with the genetic testing we find it sometimes even by coincidence you know the the neurologist is sending the panel looking to see if anything sort of sticks you know like throwing the darts at a dart board and whoop they get a result back that the child has glued one deficiency and then they're like oh my gosh we need to get them to a keto Center immediately um it's it's wonderful having that genetic test available because some of these children probably years and years ago well for sure were probably never diagnosed and so let's say one of my patients was watching they have a family member who has a child with this How likely is the neurologist going to think about it or even send the genetic testing I what's the penetration of the knowledge of this in in this field it's starting to get better it's starting to get better I think as the genetic test has become more widely available people are learning about all of the disorders not just glute one deficiency and we have more like epilepsy neurogeneticist now in the world that are specialists in this and the glute One Foundation which is a wonderful Foundation um really has been trying to get the word out through advocacy through newsletters websites to families uh not only who are diagnosed but also who may aren't diagnosed at least think about getting it checked there's other constellations of physical features that these children have movement disorders sometimes early onset absance seizures cognitive difficulties and sometimes the the clues add up to think about glute one deficiency so it sounds like you may have to your relative may have to push a little for for a neurologist to do this kind of testing right sometimes sometimes yeah no sorry I didn't me interrupted yeah no it's it's uh it's becoming more standard of care um it's amazing how these panels are done you could it's a cheek swab it's you know not even a blood test nowadays so you know there are a lot of neurologists who are just doing it themselves in the office and and they send it off you know to the companies to have the uh panel run it's it's getting better yeah I know you you've always been very careful not to talk down other other doctors or or other practices I'd become a little you know been 25 years for us I've been a little more open I was saying well you know that doctor just does know you might have to push toward asking about a keto diet uh there's so many similarities here to the treatment of diabetes for example in our population the doctors will be lobbied or told that drugs are the way to go diet doesn't do anything for diabetes even though it's a condition of elevated blood glucose blood sugar you might put two and two together but so when someone's on one or two medicines or they're on insulin and nothing wors suddenly that you know they wake up to the idea that diet might help and in our lat in our field the verta study has the best data so far out five years and you one year 70% of people on insulin came off with type2 diabetes which is you know pretty much uh an issue of helping some to stay on now that I see it so the uh if you back to your your world if you put uh people on the diet you know they're following it you must get better results than you know sending someone home and you know life happens um but assuming someone is following the diet you have 100 children with epilepsy what's the percentage of today I remember the old Dr Freeman data what percentage get better uh can get off meds all that how do you explain the prognosis yeah no it's it's a great question and and again you know the families that's certainly one of the things they want to know and again every child is different and every situation can be different and again knowing what the cause of the epilepsy certainly impacts the likelihood of benefit but the data is pretty clear that it's about 50% that will respond so about 50% of children I tell families you we do our admissions in groups usually three or four in a group and I tell the family sitting around the table if you play the odds two of you will respond two of your children probably won't respond one nice thing about the diet uh besides how well it works is that usually you know pretty quickly so if you're having seizures frequently enough within about four to eight weeks you have a sense of if the diet's going to be beneficial and obviously if it doesn't look like it is we're not going to keep children on it longer term um but it's a it's one of the quicker responding epilepsy treatments um but yeah so again about 50% respond and probably about 30% of children will have a greater than 90% response so instead of a 100 a day maybe like one or two a week you know not seizure free but dramatically better and then as I mentioned about 15% seizure free um and again many of them we can reduce their medication about 20% we can get them off all medications um one nice thing about pediatric epilepsy is even in some of the toughest cases there can be some resolution and we think the diet May accelerate that resolution uh but medications can do that too sometimes you know children will outgrow their seizures as we like to call it um we think that the diet may help us accelerate that so that they're getting better quicker um Still Remains to be proven scientifically but we've all sort of seen it so you know it uh one ep one um example of that was um Charlie Charlie rooms right so the Charlie Foundation which an example of philanthropy your family member is affected by it and uh you happen to be the son of a Hollywood producer you have access to things with so someone hasn't heard of the Charlie Foundation yet I guess they've been under a rock but would you explain the Charli Foundation please oh my gosh yeah so the the Charlie Foundation is you know absolutely responsible for the Renaissance in our field uh the ketogenic diet for epilepsy has been around since 1921 we actually just had our 100y year anniversary um but it was relegated oh thanks yeah know it was it was exciting for all of us in the field um lots of memorabilia lots of History lectures it's it's you know really neat um but you know for boy I'd say 70 years it was sort of relegated to a treatment of Last Resort children only you know sort of you labeling it being you know really difficult to adhere to and a difficult diet and an unpalatable diet you'd see that sort of written in the literature and what changed was really the Charlie foundation so in 1994 Charlie was I think about 18 19 months old came from California with his dad and mom to Johns Hopkins saw my predecessor Dr John Freeman put him on the ketogenic diet with his dietitian Millie Kelly um and very quickly his seizures improved and I think by about two to three weeks they stopped uh he was able to come off medications and is now boy I guess he's like in his like mid-20s he's a teacher doing great uh great example of what what the diet can do and Jim no longer no longer following a keto diet I learned when about summon yeah yeah agre it yeah and you know and that's part of getting into the SS of it part of what's so interesting about it is there may be some children and maybe even some adults who you don't need to be on the diet long term there may be something about this acute metabolic change that happens that maybe even only a month or two can sort of reset your brain in order to stop the seizures and then you can come off the diet and that there's some research looking into that but generally we keep children on for about 2 to three years uh and then we gradually will see what happens as the diet is weaned and many of them remain seizure free like Charlie um and he's yeah he's off the diet now um it's just a great example of what what a parent organization can do they not only got the word out they made movies you a movie with Merill Streep that was well known um but they also funded research they did training programs for teaching Children's Hospitals how to do the diet um they're still incredibly active today uh and their website is wonderful it's Charlie foundation.org and you know just has lots of good information recipes links to other ketogenic diet centers um but it's it's absolutely responsible for the the Renaissance of our neurologic ketogenic diet world well and it's happening again today I I hope where well unfortunately a child who had bipolar well which is a brain disorder wait well you eat affects the brain fixing epilepsy this is irony or sarcasm that never works well in the doctor's office but the internet loves it so if you had any worry or or you didn't think what you eat can affect your brain it fixes epilepsy in some kids anyway so there uh uh Natt bazuki you know happened to be a child of a a wealthy family and now the bazuki foundation and family is putting an effort into studying a different brain disorder the psychiatric problems uh major psychiatric problems and hopefully that's going to Bear similar not just advocacy but the science that needs to be done still on you know what you just said how how many people get better is it you know is it worth doing how fast did it happen that kind of surprised me when you said that the the Improvement happens so fast so you kind of know who to to keep it with because we don't see some keto adaptation uh changes until like six months like uh full muscle fat fat adaptation in the movie serial killers c e a serial killers 2o they Keo adapt a couple and it took them 6 months to fully fat adapt but this is the muscle not the brain uh and then they went into a rowboat and rode from San Francisco to Hawaii and broke the world record by 15 days so it's kind of heroic effort but uh it but that's what are we we're learning different you know every organ of course is under a different uh Silo in our medical world that that you know the brain is an organ but in internal medicine doctor has very little training in the brain but I know more about muscles in the heart and and um but uh the that's very interesting about how often or how fast it would work I wonder how have you evolved the thinking in the implementation of the program and and I will never forget again the paper you wrote that talked about a modified Atkins approach that kind of took away the you know you have to feed butter through you know every you know to try to get to the if it's ketosis that is having the benefit maybe you could be a little more relaxed on the treatment excellent no it's you know one of the things you know I often tell you know my trainees and medical students you know the only thing that doesn't change is change and you know what what I learned what Dr Freeman was doing even before me was really questioning a lot of traditions and anecdotes again going back to the 1920s about how to do the diet that you know had some scientific basis but really you know when you really push hard didn't clearly show evidence for why that was necessary to help a child seizures um it's amazing you look back in the 1920s they would fluid restrict children they would calorie restrict children probably sort of artificially raise their ketones or what it looked like in their urine but maybe you know really didn't make a difference for their epilepsy and so we started to see in the 1990s some articles a lot of them by dietitians um looking at aspects of how we started the diet do we need to admit them do we need to do a fast um do we need to be so strict with our ketogenic ratio uh maybe we can be a little bit less restrictive and it's absolutely wonderful for the field not only to help maybe reduce the side effects by being on such a super high fat diet again our children are typically like 92% calories made up of fat uh with the class classic ketogenic diet but also you know can you maybe do it in different ways for different cultures different religions to make it more accessible that's you know one of the things that was a problem in our field was people would say well you can't do it if you're a vegetarian you can't do it if you're vegan you can't do it if you you know can't be in the hospital you have to be in the hospital and like say well wait a second maybe there there are sort of alternative ways or as we call them now alternative diets um that can be sort of adapted to each individual child and get them on the diet where they would have been discouraged before and it's definitely expanded our population and helped helping children that we couldn't have helped before um yeah the modified Atkins diet uh was sort of created by us at Hopkins is sort of a a a change versus the classic Atkins diet but sort of keeping the carbohydrates at 20 sort of indefinitely not going up sort of periodically and really sort of encouraging the fat that was sort of a big aspect of our counseling to the families it's not that fat is okay protein is okay it's really more fat is critical and protein you have to keep an eye on because that's anti- ketogenic and it's done by you know families not coming into the hospital it's done a lot again for teenagers and adults nowadays and we teach them how to read the food labels not how to weigh and measure uh on a gram scale and so it's it's a different way of kind of getting to this the same goal um there's a low glycemic index treatment out of Boston uh there's a diet called the MCT diet which actually goes back to the 1970s looking at using more MCT oil versus longchain triglycerides that maybe allows more carbohydrates and seems to work equally well um people are really creative out there you know and coming up with various ways to kind of question again what we've been doing for years and it's it's just wonderful for our families so a modified afans with is beneficial it works as well or almost as well well yeah I mean if you look studies there have been some comparing the modified Atkins diet to the classic ketogenic diet there have been a some studies out of India looking at Classic ketogenic to modified Atkins to low glycemic they're all generally similar it seems like with maybe a little less side effects with modified Atkins which makes a bit more sense um but you know for every child it can be different we've had children and we tell families you can switch from one to the other if if it's clinically deemed necessary so we've had children start with a modified Atkins diet they're 90 5% better we'll see them and say maybe let's switch you to a classic ketogenic diet and see what happens and there are some of those children who became seizure free when we did that U most commonly it's the other way around Eric where they're like they're on a strict classic ketogenic diet they're having compliance issues you know some of them are reaching puberty like all right maybe let's back off a little bit just to keep you on the on a dietary therapy and we'll go to like a modified Atkins diet and try to see if that works and usually it does yeah that's just so interesting how how has your field addressed the the new technology of Ketone measurement well I get people coming to me with reams of Ketone data now you know glucose and Ketone the blood the breath the urine and it doesn't always correlate with the the disease modific that we're trying to modify but have you Incorporated the Ketone measurements and does it does that matter yeah your your clinic sounds like my clinic Eric yeah our family's come with like three ring binders of Ketone measurements and it's it's amazing what we can do now and and the meters are getting smaller and easier there's breath breath meters now that are you know really accurate um it depends on the situation you know obviously for for really young children we you know kind of will lean more towards urine ketones it's a little less invasive um you can check blood ketones in the clinic you know but there are some families who really find that for their child ketones really matter um and we keep track on a calendar and we try to correlate that with seizure control and in those children I may recommend getting a blood meter so we can be really more precise um the glute one families which we were talking about earlier it's in fact recommended that they do blood ketones because it seems to be more correlated with their outcomes but there's a large large I'd say majority of these families that we treat with uh epilepsy that you know it's sort of a marker that they've made the metabolic change most of our children they're en large ketosis so large in the urine maybe 3 to four Mill moles in their blood and it may you know vary day by day but usually not a lot not a lot where I would say you need to be checking your blood ketones on an everyday basis it's not really going to change what we're doing um but you know periodically sure you know it's it's definitely more accurate absolutely but um some of our families will in fact do it more regularly but most of our families are still checking urine ketones at least at Hopkins but do you do we require that people do it or is it off yeah I mean we tell families the first couple months we really do want to get some data so you know on their calendars you know check it you know WR down what their ketones are um keep track of their weight keep track of their seizures and as time goes on we can loosen up on that as well and tell them okay maybe once once a week or a few times a month check your urine ketones if there's a problem seizures you know increase for some reason we don't know why check your child's ketones make sure they didn't get a hold of something that knocked them out of KET Tois but uh for most children yeah we can we can start backing off over time again whatever we can do to keep them on the diet longer make it less onor for the family easier less less Labs you know is sort of where our field is starting to head well there's always that balance of what you ask people to do whether it you know rock tips over the boat so right right so I Wonder has there been a formal investigation of ever the Ketone level and extent of seizure reduction does the level of tones matter you would you would be amazed after over a hundred years there's been very little studies that have looked at that and it part of it is how hard it can be yeah I know it's it's a it would be a very difficult study to do because you know seizures fluctuate ketones fluctuate throughout the day and you know then you can get into well the what are the families witnessing versus what actually could be happening in the brain and should we be monitoring EGS to do a study like that electrograms and see if those change so it it would certainly be a complicated study it's it's been done there have been a few studies that have you know shown a slight correlation some that have shown that if the ketones are stable that's better than if they fluctuate hard to replicate that in in other studies um it seems to be that if you are at a keto ketogenic level so again 3 to four Mill moles you know on a blood ketones or large ketones you're kind of more likely to at least show compliance and then that could be a surrogate for doing better on the diet um but it's really hard to say like what number is correlated with control it's in many ways we tell families it's like drug levels right for you know if you're on Dilantin or you're on Kea for some patients they they don't need to have a high level for some parents and for some children they they do and it's the same thing I think with ketones so it sounds like as long as you're in ketosis it that's the that's the main thing I think so I think so although you know if you look the this you know the low glycemic index treatment out of Boston there if you try to check urine they don't seem to be in ketosis it's very scant in blood um which suggests maybe there's another mechanism at work Beyond ketones which is super exciting too the that b confounder is maybe it's just the absence of the carbs could be yeah could be I mean that is some of that is actually their theory that yeah it's maybe keeping your blood glucose stable for some epilepsies may be more important than being in ketosis um FAS work yeah yeah wow so um now I'm there's an old brainstorming technique where you just flip everything upside down and as as um ridiculous as it seems it's it's just for brainstorming you know you flip it upside down so what if and so I have a been around the country talking to people at meetings you have two and people come in and tell you things and I I had a few people mothers uh change their diets and they send their breast milk off to Labs there's I think one in UCLA that'll do the breast milk and they come in and they tell me that the breast milk changes if they are keto and and then I traveled to to Jakarta Indonesia and the pediatrician next to me says the children develop even better if they're in ketosis you know I'm like yeah and and so now what if if so in and actually I know I'm leading up to this Mary Newport who's a neonatologist retired now makes the claim that children are born in ketosis that uh that babies are born in ketosis and and that you we basically turn off ketosis by giving carbs and yet the lactose in the milk would seem well no so this mother who checked the ketones in the child the child was in ketosis when she was breastfeeding on a keto diet and the gentleman at the meeting was a speaker walked by at the same time and oh that makes sense to me there are cultures around the world that ferment lactose that doesn't get absorbed as a as a sugar so what if we have it all wrong and we should always be in ketosis and the babies should be in ketosis and we give them the seizure disorder by feeding them carbohydrates I I know this seems ridiculous turning yeah yeah has that ever occurred to you then maybe yeah so it's it's it's an interesting questions are what in two parts I mean and and you're right there I think there was a recent case report of a a mother who was on a ketogenic diet and they sort of analyzed her milk the child had epilepsy and she was able to keep the child in ketosis by breastfeeding that's the first time I'd ever heard of that I think pretty I didn't I didn't know about this yeah I'll have to I'll I'll send you the reference I think it just came out pretty recently um because in general like even though it's uh you can do it there's most of the times that we've heard about this from pregnant women or or women who are breastfeeding and they're in ketosis is not enough of the ketones that cross over and that the breast milk itself still is high in carbohydrates it may have more fat but it's not like the 90% fat ketogenic formulas that exist so yeah I think it would be really they'd have to be on a very St I'll have to read that case report again they'd have to be such a stri diet but the thing that never occurred to me and it was just because this evolutionary biologist to Yu was the keynote speaker at the meeting and he gets up with a a rock and goes this is what changed human history great talk by the way because it allowed us to cut you know our ancestors that's how the theory goes but he's walking by and he says no the the lactose and the milk's not an issue because it will be fermented and and the baby will be in ketosis and the mother was kind of shocked because the only couple times she checked he was in ketosis so and then of course how long was the mother keto adapted into the the breast milk so I learned a while back that the normal quote normal range and what normal breast milk normal is is entirely dependent on the environmental situation of normality which for most papers and and textbooks will be people eating carbohydrates right so the normal range for breast milk well that's based on women who eat carbs anyway so that's fascinating I I didn't know and yet this had an effect on the child was the child in ketosis then I you know I don't think so I think but the Ketone there there was at least some Trace levels maybe it wasn't like nutritional ketosis but I guess enough ketones had crossed over into the breast milk that the child you know without any other obvious reason had some seizure benefit so it's very in very interesting um but yeah no I think it's an interesting question people are certainly looking at using the diet for babies people are looking at using the diet as a sort of preventative sort of therapy right we do it more reactionary right the child has epilepsy from various reasons and then we'll put them on the diet and sort of alter the course of their epilepsy but what if we knew which isn't always possible but can sometimes that somebody doesn't even have to be a child is likely to develop epilepsy you know could you put them on a ketogenic diet in advance of whatever insult or genetic change is likely to happen and then prevent them from maybe having epilepsy in the first place or if they do it'll be a milder milder course of their epilepsy and people are looking at like traumatic brain injury in that way you know like uh I think the military is interested in it for preventing you know some of the brain injury and preventing epilepsy from traumatic injury um there are there is a a very sort of famous case of a child with glute one deficiency was born to a mother with glute one deficiency and so the mother was on a ketogenic diet they're like a celebrity in the glute one community and she she became pregnant she stayed on the diet and as soon as the the baby was born it's autosomal dominant they suspected the baby was going to have glut one deficiency put her immediately on a ketogenic diet checked her genetically and she in fact did have glute one deficiency and I think she's now like eight or nine years old completely normal 100% normal never has had a seizure no cognitive decline uh sort of a proof and principle with one patient of what if you knew and she has glute one deficiency it's not like you went away or you know well but she but you're assuming everyone with glute one deficiency gets seizures we know that for sure that's not true yeah some of them don't yeah that's true but they can have they have no no no you're absolutely right um but you know I think some of them can you know the majority will have cognitive decline by certain age a lot of them will have movement disorder abnormalities to be completely normal at 8 or nine is pretty unheard of in the glute one Community even those who don't have seizures yeah in in um some area so you might screen a newborn you know for different hereditary things including a seizure disorder right right well potentially for for some that have genetic causes so yeah in fact getting back to glute one they're actively working to have it on some of the newborn screening panels because we know there is a treatment that is sort of remarkable for changing the course of their disease and early identification seems to be really important at least what we've seen so far and this is again a case of one but quite dramatic I wonder uh does the history of epilepsy give any insight into this did the prevalence go up as the carbs went up or that you know as anti or even prot you use the term that I had heard in a long time the antio effective protein I I yeah have keep that in mind that as you increase the protein you can elicit an insulin response and that turns off ketosis I think that's the mechanism still I think that's probably right but it's you know it's again we try to get them into this High ratio of fat to carbs and protein combined and so people think of carbs of course but protein also can be sort of anti- ketogenic so for some patients they do fine you know but for some we do have to kind of cut back a bit on their protein if they're losing their ketones and it seems to be relevant for their seizures um but yeah it's it's a common question that's asked at least from what we've seen epidemiologically it doesn't appear that there's been an increase in epilepsy which again you'd expect with the increase in carbohydrate consumption over the last 100 years doesn't seem like that and then in regions parts of the world where they maybe have a higher fat intake it doesn't seem like there's less epilepsy again epilepsy is is again mostly genetic sometimes structural abnormalities that um are rarely metabolic I think there are some metabolic conditions that can cause epilepsy and perhaps a ketogenic diet if used in many children could reduce that risk but it's it's a small proportion of the epilepsy group um many of them again are are genetic causes that are not due to metab ISM changes well even I wonder could you describe what what is epilepsy is it a i to you know to an internist I'm not a neurologist or to the general public it uh U of course it has a lot of different could be grand Maul or or generalized seizure the classic someone as tonic clonic motions and and loses Consciousness but they're also the less appear do we know what what's going on or is it a lot of different things could be creating a seizure yeah no it's it's it's very complicated and for sure you know there's a lot we still need to learn I mean we know again that many genetic causes are usually like a channel disorder sodium Channel or Gaba some of the neurotransmitters are off uh a lot of times I mentioned it could be structural their children are born with brain malformations gray matter white matter not in the right places and that can of course set them up for seizures uh sadly trauma you know trauma to children can predispose them just like adults to having seizures and epilepsy um so there's many different potential causes and there are some where we just don't know they have they have seizures and all the tests have come back normal and those are cases that often do when children they can grow out of those but it's still a mystery in many cases but even knowing those causes Eric like we don't know why seizures start at one age go away at other ages we don't know like on any given day at any given minute like why a seizure happens and then we also don't know why does it stop most seizures are 30 30 seconds why doesn't it just go on and definitely but seizures stop after 30 to 60 seconds in most patients there's a lot we're still trying to learn you know as an epilepsy Community um just of course like why we're trying to learn like why the Diet Works we also don't know a lot of why some of the drugs work we know what they affect certain channels certain neurotransmitters of many of our drugs but why do they work specifically for one epilepsy but not another and how do they prevent those channels from causing a problem again on any given day uh there's still a lot of work we have to do um but epilepsy is common it's one out of 26 people uh it's incredibly common it's one of those disorders that you know if you look at someone you would know that they have epilepsy and that's a good thing but it also you you know becomes one of those things where it's it's a it's a disorder in the shadows a lot because it's not so obvious to people um that somebody may have epilepsy or that it's as common as it is so you know we're trying to get the word out as an epilepsy Community not only about the diet but about epilepsy and you know getting aggressive treatment and getting to an Epilepsy Center as quick as you can that's great so the metabolic Health Summit meeting is a way for epilepsy ketogenic diet for epilepsy ketogenic diet for diabetes and of course it was called apkins protein power allthough it's band thing back there and the newer scientists of Keto all get together once a year and uh metabolic Health Summit is a great place I've learned so much and I remember asking uh if someone had a someone with epilepsy as a child and they're on the keto diet and sensitive to carbs if they had a little just a bite of a candy bar they might have a seizure I and it was blown away yeah in my world you have a bite your blood sugar goes up a little you don't lose weight for a day but the consequence of having in our world it's called cheating right right consequence of having that might create a seizure is that right yeah it's thankfully not Universal you know so because children are children right and and even adults who were on the ketogenic diet for for epilepsy you know it's hard it's hard to kind of stick to it 24/7 I'm sure you know that you know especially in the adult Clinic compliance is probably the biggest issue that they're working with whereas in the Pediatric world it's more side effects and sort of you know trying to sort of improve seizure control and uh not that they're not doing that on the adult side but it's it's less the compliance issue for the for the young children the parents can for the most part make them do it but you know that was something I was certainly taught we were taught even that the carbohydrates in liquid medicines can sometimes throw children out of ketosis I was taught as a fellow that sunscreen some of the sunscreens can you can absorb carbohydrates from the carbohydrates in sunscreen and there have been you know anecdotes of those children being knocked out of ketosis um there's always a case like that uh we of course at least to start try to be very strict and discourage that so when families ask well you know can they cheat once in a while I usually say no try to be strict you know if they get a hold of brownies it it could certainly knock them out of ketosis But as time goes on we learn about each individual child and some have done that and had no consequences and some obviously a little bit of carves and they've had a seizure uh it's a it's incredibly you know humbling to know that for each child it could be so different and you know one rule doesn't fit all so we usually start pretty strict and then we may be loosen up a bit after a few months in these children if we notice that maybe some of those things aren't causing a problem yeah well I the consequence of that I've seen uh some dieticians who've been trained only in the ketogenic diet for epilepsy will will think that adults have to be that strict right and so the um what we're talking about with adults and even the modified Atkin is not as strict as what you've been taught about the children uh with uh you know needing a very strict version of the was it really 95% fat is it yeah four to one you're getting pretty close to that yeah and they some cters will even go higher than that yeah so I'll never forget it's one of these articles I just don't forget that there were they looked at the lipid values of children on the ketogenic diet children and then they and they and the media kind of generalized well therefore adults with on a Atkins or a keto diet are going to have this terrible lipid phenomenon and it was entirely in the old cholesterol is bad Paradigm what have you learned since that time I mean now I'm much more comfortable talking about triglyceride and HDL that's the main markers um has uh do children out of ketogenic diets get higher risk of other diseases because of the diet they follow yeah so you great great questions you know I think as time has gone on we've at least seen you know as we followed these children done some long-term studies that we don't seem to see cardiovascular risk years down the road which is obviously reassuring uh We've also seen that in many of these children they do have a have an increase in their cholesterol they have an increase in their ldls but it kind of levels out at around 6 months nine months and then it kind of comes back down sometimes below normal which is pretty impressive and most of the time Intervention when we check the labs and if we see there's a problem is usually to wait usually I'm like let's just check again in 3 months and it usually will come back down and if not you know my dietitian may make some changes to the kind of fats they're on or maybe can lower their ratio sometimes if we do see that there's a a surprising change we may actually suggest the families get checked the parents and see if there is some familial hyper cholesterolemia that runs in the family we've identified a few parents where that's been the case and you know good for the families too not just the child but you know we don't know a lot about the impact of this on a child our adult center as you'd imagine it's very interested in this and the ramifications for adults and so they're looking at EO lipoproteins they're looking at the subparticles because again it obviously it's much more complicated than just total cholesterol LDL HDL um and to really see what impact that that has um there have been some studies in children looking at like other outcomes like karate distensibility looking at sort of heart function and for the most part they seem to be fine but you know something we definitely need more more information on um and again the other part of it too as I mentioned at least on the Pediatric side is it's usually a couple years right so I've had some children where their lipid values were definitely abnormal and I'm like well let's let's see if we do need to go beyond two or three years okay let's make we can make some more uh aggressive interventions so to speak but in most of them I'm like you know two years we're not sure or we we don't think it's going to have any impact on the child it doesn't seem to so far that's reassuring and there's a ongoing study right now in the adult World we're following very carefully the citizen Science Foundation funded a study looking at people who have high ldls self-describing a low carb keto diet on average for four and a half years and they are all sent to a a lab or a testing center in La getting to get a CT angiogram not just a coronary calcium score but half of these people had no coronary calcium or no even no blockages on CT angiogram despite a four and a half year duration of even up to 580 was one of the ldls this this is they did a comparative it's at least double the LDL as you see in in Miami it has similar match population and the Baseline data were presented we now anxiously awaiting the onee data where they kind of know they're doing keto before one of the limitations is it was self-described right um but at a year we'll see and I'm told the data are imminent you know coming out any day now heard that for a while but again it kind of says relax about this LDL thing as long well the average HDL was 90 in this really high so is it possible the good and the cancels out the bad if you use the old Paradigm or maybe it is just triceri and HDL and maybe LDL wasn't a big deal ever but that puts you into this quackery and especially in a place like Duke I you know Cardiology belief system has that in their mainstream treatments so and there is some value to it it's just not you know the only thing one can do so I people actually the diet change is a intervention is an intervention so don't forget if a doctor just says you need Phill or you're actually doing an intervention and uh good well it would conversely if that LDL elevation always had a problem you would have seen an epidemic of heart disease and stroke even at two years and so that's reassuring that you haven't seen that yeah yeah this this is great I mean this is why again I love the metabolic Health Summit meeting I I learn from from you guys you learn from us it's it's a great way to share information and you know I tell families I went to this meeting and you know they're not so worried about this number or that and this is what the data saying and you know this this is important you know for your child with epilepsy so that's it's great information well again thank you so much for taking the time to talk and if uh anyone ever asked about thank you for the email replies you send back to me oh sure um I'm referred a few folks are concerned relatives uh your direction of how can people find you and and what is the what are you into now that you want people to know about yeah so um no for sure as as we mentioned um you know there's a lot of great information on the internet Charlie Foundation you know is a great website uh Matthews friends is the similar charity out of England um we have a a pretty robust website at Johns Hopkins about the history of the diet in our Center that's a great way to reach out to us and also the adult epilepsy Diet Center uh has information all on all of our websites um we have a ketogenic diet book that we revise every five or six years written primarily for parents but now we have growing chapters on adults uh that talks a lot about the history of the die it talks a lot about non-epilepsy situations and indications too and that's a great resource course um but you know also you know anyone who's listening you know speak to your neurologist you know it's we're changing again it's been over a hundred years there there are neurologists out there that believe in it as we we sort of set but it's pretty few most of them are maybe not doing the diet at their Center but they're willing to refer out and say oh that's a great idea you know go to Hopkins go to Duke and you know they can help you it's it's a changing world for us in the in the neurology field I think there's a wider recognition uh of the diet as being valuable it's you know as I often say it's it's kind of mainstream you know in our world um not everyone's doing it but they know that it does work which is obviously great U so yeah anyone who's you know interested those are some great resources and uh you know feel free to reach out well thank you for your tireless effort that you're you know your and your group are really while Charlie Foundation might have made a presence here your academic old and then looking at the science see maybe we can have this evolve over time I'm reminded of that why why do we cut the roast on both ends and and you finally learn back that grandma didn't have a pan that was big enough for the roast right we have to keep question today and I and hopefully improving what we do and thank you for putting your mind to that oh yeah absolutely no it's it's been my my pleasure over the last 20 years and the next 20 the next 100 years I think are are going to be really exciting for all of of us well I I hope they're more than just the two of us who care about our patients I I know there are more but there are take care Eric okay so much thanks Eric yeah byebye bye if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell and check out adapt yourlife academy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @amyfarrell8799 [10 likes]: Depression panic attacks insomnia gone on carnivore. Medications  for 35 years. Off now. Feel great.
  2. @anamariafernandezpabon822 [8 likes]: I think that the problem with Keto diet in Epileptic adults is that they have been in antiseizure meds for a long time /many years and now the brain does not know how to work without them.
I think Drs should use first the Keto diet and if the patient does not responds to it, then should prescribe antiseizure meds..
👇👇👇
Remember that Antiseizure meds have lots of negative secondary effects and
are very hard to taper off when the brain creats dependency on them because of a long usage.
  3. @mariad1151 [5 likes]: Special prayers for those who suffer.  I hope for the best for everyone fighting in this arena. Oddly enough, a young person had a seizure at my place of work today.  Took more 1/2 hour for an ambulance to arrive.  DK what is done for folks going through it.  Our bodies are truly alien to us ...
  4. @dorothyloney8479 [4 likes]: How can we say that the keto diet can help so many people with epilepsy so much and in the same breath say it is mostly genetic, and not metabolic?
  5. @ketonefuelledviolingirl [2 likes]: I'm an adult epileptic. My epilepsy started at about 12 years old. Now that I am carnivore my epileptic seizures have reduced a lot but still not gone on carnivore.
  6. @FrancesKarcher [1 likes]: You are most ethical doctor on the internet. You are much appreciated
  7. @paulchristian8271 [1 likes]: I’m 55, and outgrew epilepsy by nine years old. My sister and brother got it in their teens and still deal with it. My sister doesn’t take meds and has a seizure once or twice per year, but my brother will have seizures if he doesn’t take his meds.
  8. @IsaTipker [1 likes]: Dr Westman, would you be willing to critique " Durianrider "  on Youtube? Promoting a high fruit diet and low fat/vegan. Claims the fat you eat is the fat you wear and diabetes is not a carb/sugar issue but a fat issue? Claims that when a person fails in the diet they are not doing it correctly. Advises to eat unlimited and very large amounts of fruit smoothies topped off with added sugar.
  9. @karynstouffer3562 [1 likes]: This is a fascinating discussion. Thank you both.
  10. @MsLeenite [1 likes]: Thank you, Dr Westman and Dr Kirchhoff.
  11. @savetheenvironment.savethe5652: I would  love to get in contact with  this doctor, my grandson  have epilepsy..
  12. @dennismosher: My neurologist wants to keep changing meds, I've been on oxcarbazepine, he also put me on zonisimide and it hirt my gut so bad I had to stop it. He has never talked about keto or doing certain neurological exercises. I am going to try keto and add in exercise but don't want another med. I also use cbd and cannabis and feel that my epilepsy would be worse without it.
  13. @anamariafernandezpabon822: Thanks for an excellent interview with Dr Kossow.
Dr Chris Palmer is also studying the Keto diet.
👍
  14. @flamesfanman: Thank you Dr Kossoff. You are changing more lives than you know
  15. @dawnkarpoff2734: Millie Kelly put me on a strict keto diet in 1994. I can’t find the calculations, menu, recipe she gave me. Is there some way to find what she gave people then? I remember one that was a slice of eggplant, tomato paste and butter
  16. @reneelloyd4757: Ketones can diminish the urine when the body is fat adapted and using the ketones for fuel
  17. @chadfitch3293: 1 out of 26 people I’m blown away by that
  18. @ananila8143: Absolutely amazing information!!! Do you realize the importance you shared? Especially the section around 30.00.
  19. @MellisaE: I think you’re on to something 33:40
  20. @jayjay-cf5di: I started the carnivore diet when i turned 50 to help ease of my medication,  I'm down to half my daily dose for the last 2 years.  The problem I'm having is I  started to get a crawling sensation on my back. When I reintroduce carbs, it goes away. 
Anyone out there experienced this

- Pediatric Epilepsy and the Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en Jessica Rosini: We actually did not witness Dominic's first seizure. Right before his third birthday, I walked into our living room. He had been playing with his siblings, and I found him on his back, seemingly unresponsive, on our living room floor. He was obviously rushed to the emergency room. He came to. Everything checked out, and by the end of our visit, they informed us that they thought that he had suffered a seizure. Upon returning home, five minutes after getting home, he suffered his first witnessed tonic-clonic seizure, and from there things just snowballed. He developed four different seizure types. He was placed on four anti-epileptic medications and was still having up to a thousand seizures a day. So his seizure onset was extremely explosive. Dr. Gemma Carvill: I think something that speaks to the complexity of pediatric epilepsy is that it's really the pediatric epilepsies. And so there's not only lots of different types of epilepsies, but there's also lots of different genes that can cause these epilepsies. A few months into our journey, Dominic was eventually given a probable diagnosis of Doose's Syndrome, or Doose Syndrome, as most people call it, which is a rare type of pediatric epilepsy, which presents in early childhood with multiple seizure types and is notoriously resistant to medication. Doose Syndrome can be caused by pathogenic variants in a number of different genes. So for instance, DU1, CHD2, and SLC681. Twenty years ago, we knew there were maybe a handful of genes that were implicated in epilepsy, but due to technological advancements, we now know that there are hundreds of different types of genes that can cause this condition. And this is really important for families because it means that we're giving them answers in terms of why their child is affected with a specific genetic condition. Yet, we still have work to do, and that there are many families who are still searching for answers. We have tried six different anti-epileptic medications in an attempt to control Dominic's seizures, and all six of those medications have failed him. The only treatment that has proven effective in giving us seizure control is a medically prescribed version of the ketogenic diet. The exciting thing about identifying all of these new genes implicated in epilepsy is that we can now study them in the lab, and we can understand how, when an individual has a pathogenic variance in a particular gene, what happens to that cell and what are the disease mechanisms that underlie epilepsy. This, in turn, allows us to move towards the goal of precision medicine, where eventually we'd love to treat individuals with epilepsy based on their genetic variance in a more tailored fashion. Dominic is doing great today. The ketogenic diet has given us our life back. He's been primarily daytime seizure-free for two years, and compared to having a thousand seizures a day, there aren't words to describe our gratitude for this treatment that has given us our son back. He's running, he's playing with his brother and sister, and he's just pretty much a typical five-year-old boy. CURE is important to our family because we know that the research they fund is our best bet to find a cure for Dominic and the millions of people who are suffering from epilepsy. Join me and the epilepsy community for Unite to Cure Epilepsy on Thursday night, September 24th at 7:00 PM Central Time on Facebook Live and YouTube Live.

  Top Comments:
  1. @samuelbellingrath [3 likes]: Great story to see Dominic persevere. How soon after going into ketosis did he see results?
  2. @sophiaamelia7669: It sound emotional when I get in touch with Dr Oje on YouTube that help me out with my problem with his herbal medicine

- Paulette and Christina George - Pediatric Epilepsy Story - Mayo Clinic: Kind: captions Language: en my name is pette George and I am the proud mom of two children Matthew and Christina and Christina was our second child in born in June she seemed perfectly healthy she scored a 10 on her abgar uh 7 months later however Christina developed seizures they uh began about 48 hours after she had had immunizations what was fren in for us we had never seen a seizure before we didn't know what a seizure was like we didn't know what to do when one uh began and when they started for Christina they were more than a hundred a day and for us it was a whirlwind it took us from the normal quote unquote family to a family with a critically ill child pretty much overnight so we tried at that point to get her seizure free with medications and we worked uh non-stop with the neurologist to uh perfect medications however nothing worked um Christina was uh you know seizure free for a little while on one of the medications but it was very shortly after that that uh we realized medications weren't working she had tried every anti-seizure drug available at the time and we finally uh started started looking other places asking questions wondering if there were other options I was in the hospital with Christina we were in San Antonio Texas at the time and uh my sister had called and said there was a diet that she had seen or heard about in a movie and I have to tell you at first I thought are you kidding me a diet for seizures it just doesn't make any sense when medication seemed to be uh you know the the high-tech cure for everything so at that time I ignored what she was saying and we uh continued to uh try the medications um so Christina was in the hospital and the anti-seizure medications wouldn't work we uh were really worried about her because on top of it she had contracted an illness and wasn't able to eat or keep food down ironically during that time she had stopped having seizures and I remember my sister had told me the ketogenic diet which is the diet she was talking about at the time had uh simulated fasting so I approached the doctor and asked if we could put Christine on the diet and he explained to me that uh diet the ketogenic diet wasn't for children of her age it was not safe so we let that go and continued to pursue medications um after a misdiagnosis um and six months of more than 100 seizures a day we knew we had to do something [Music] a you know it wasn't unfamiliar uh place we were going to but it was certainly a whole unfamiliar new uh facility but when we arrived in Rochester they were more than ready Christina was given the proper testing at that time they discovered a tumor in her right temper lobe that was previously missed on the uh original MRI that was done and we perfected the ketogenic diet for Christina because none of the anti-seizure meds works so they knew that the diet was our only hope for seizure control so we returned home and had one month seizure free and it was amazing the diet was controlling Christina's seizures at that point uh after a month Christina had gotten sick and needed to have IV fluids and we were in the hospital for a few days and the seizures came back only worse than before it was terrifying we ended up contacting Mayo letting them know letting her doctor up here know what was going on and asking for assistance and and a second opinion while I was on the phone with him I asked him I said you know she hasn't been able to eat uh once again so wouldn't the diet be working and he he asked me to look up at the IV bag and I did and he asked me to spell what was on the the front of it and I spelled D x t r o s e dextrus is a sugar it was not the right IV solution for Christina and what that did was it threw the diets uh balance off so as soon as we got Christina hydrated again we realized it was time to bring her back to the clinic that was able to treat her and that knew the diet uh well enough so that she was able to be put on it successfully we came back here we learned that uh uh Christine had a flu bug uh that and an infection they were able to treat and save her life and so we uh decided it was time to move and and we moved uh to Wisconsin to be one day drive uh to Mayo Clinic uh the great thing about that was we were able to get her up here within a day's drive if she needed to have an MRI or any other treatment so at this point Christina is not seizure free because of the introduction of the dextrose and we were trying M we were trying all different uh ways to uh tweak the diet is what we called it and uh Susan Neer was The dietitian that took care of Christina and she did an amazing job she was constantly in contact with us she was constantly sending recipes back and forth helping us to find the perfect balance that we once had achieved it took 13 months uh before we were able to do that and Christina at this point was severe to moderate for autism she would not uh she walked but she would not walk successfully she would fall often she uh did not speak and it looked like uh from a development point of view uh it it didn't look good but we continued to pray and believe in the diet we knew of the history we knew that the diet was originally developed at Mayo Clinic in the 1920s based on scripture uh it simulates fasting in the body and we knew that that was the treatment for her we just felt it we believed in it uh so we continued along with alongside the doctor uh trying to perfect it when Christina was three and a half years old uh she became I'm sorry when she was two and a half years old she became seizure-free on the ketogenic diet and when she was three and a half we heard her uh speak for the very first time 6 months after she became seizure free for the second time we removed all anti-seizure medications and the diet alone was uh Christina's treatment for seizures we were successful Christina was successfully seizure-free on the diet for two full years which is usually the recommended time uh she had another EEG performed and for the very first time since the day the seizures began Christina had a normal EEG with slowing in the just a mild slowing in the background and the recommendation was to remove the ketogenic diet slowly so we began to remove it and uh we were we were just shocked when the seizures returned and we thought oh my gosh what what happened here we need to put her back on the diet we need to uh find uh a way to uh help her became become seizure free again and the doctors the team of doctors here took a look at everything that uh you know was in Christina's file they uh did intricate testing and I'll never forget this day we had uh a test called an MRI co-registered with spec scan which was recently developed a few years earlier here at Mayo Clinic the doctor came in after running that test with his arms out and with um with uh the MRI images the x-rays and all of the the uh testing that Christina had done and he put them all on top of each other and he said you won't believe this her seizures are located in the right temper lobe of her brain where they the tumor had been previous to that she was seasoning generalized which meant her whole brain was having seizure activity and so they couldn't just go in and remove any portion it it just wouldn't have had an effect the miracle of that time was that the diet had paved the way for her to have this brain surgery was it was an amazing thing because if we had not had those two years seizure free on the ketogenic diet we would not be at the place we were where Christina had the or where the doctors had the option of of physically removing a tumor so the tumor or the the recommendation at that time was to remove the right side of her brain um the right temperal lobe which of course was a terrifying thing for any parent to hear we uh you know prayed about it talked about it and uh decided that uh based on uh the knowledge that they had here and the expertise that we would allow that kind of surgery and so Christina had the right temper lobe of her brain removed on December 21st at St Mary's Hospital Mayo Clinic and we remembered that week there that we were in the hospital she had a few absence seizures which were attributed to the swelling uh from the surgery but they were nothing like the seizures she had had before and so our hopes when we brought her home would be that she was now seizure free um in the hospital Christmas Day 2001 was the very very last absent seizure that Christina had and she never had another seizure two years after that Christina entered uh kindergarten she was 6 years old for the very first time um Christina not only had uh begun to speak but she had begun to show us signs that she was developing and learning we had uh first quarter awards at her kindergarten class and I'll never forget this we we uh were sitting in the front row and the awards were given out and usually special kids you know special a kids always got a and a kind of a generic award for coloring or for whatever ever their achievement was which was a huge thing and so we were expecting the normal awards for Christina and what was amazing to us she walked up her name was called she walked up uh the teacher handed her the uh award and said for overall academic performance in her class Christina George and we there were tears throughout the audience because many knew our story but what was amazing to us was not only did we have two years seizure free in the ketogenic diet that paved the way for her brain surgery but Christina started to develop afterwards because she now was able to think without the seizures affecting every Mo M moment of her life so from then on um Christina remains seizure free of course and has uh developed into um you know a busy thriving young girl she is uh just turned 12 um I'm sorry she turned 12 in June and Christina is active at school no special ed support and she is now um seizure free for eight years and uh you know we just are very excited to share a story and extremely blessed that we are where we are and we thank Mayo for that we thank the doctors the staff we thank the amazing development of the ketogenic diet and all the technology that they used here it was wonderful for us so thank you Mayo um we I recently uh wrote and was able to um find a publisher for Christina's story Christina's story uh was just released it's called good morning beautiful winning the battle over seizures and uh Christina how do you feel about that actually that there's a book written about your journey through seizures and epilepsy and all the treatments that you had really happy he more people know about me than just like maybe a few people do you think it'll help other people it'll probably help other people who have ch children who have seizure seizures because when I was little when I had the diet I started singing the song to the radio station to the song Good Morning Beautiful when Christina was two and a half she was diagnosed uh severe demod for autism she uh walked barely she was very loose jointed and she did not speak we still had not heard her say mom she babbled a little bit but hearing words from Christina was not yet happening when we finally did get the her seizure free and the ketogenic diet a year later she began to speak um and they were just very immature words you know when you like a baby first starts to babble and speak and so here we were three and a half years old um she was actually going on four at the time this happened and she came through I remember I was doing laundry and the seizures uh we had started to remove the ketogenic diet and the seizures had come back and we were getting ready for our second trip to Mayo where they were going to be doing uh intricate testing and I was very sad I was in the laundry room folding laundry she was just a few feet away from me in the next room playing and I could hear her and I heard her get up and she kind of padded through the hallway and as she was walking it sounded like a baby babbling and I was like what are what are you doing and I followed after her and she went right to the television where we were we had the country music station on and I remember kind of looking at her and looking at the TV and looking at her and then the TV going are you are you saying the course to this song so I I turned the volume up and sure enough she was repeating the chorus to that song and now what was really amazing at the time is uh as a mom we knew that she was severe to moderate we knew that she wasn't speaking we tried everything to get her to do certain uh simple tasks that other children had done years before and as a mom for her to be able to repeat the chorus of a song told me that she could learn anything with repetition it was a huge huge turning point for me because it took kind of um you know it was that little uh glimmer of hope in the midst of Darkness for us and so that's why we named the book good morning beautiful because that's the name of the song she was doing that too so and she still loves that song Don't You

- Logan's Story - The Ketogenic Diet for Epilepsy: Kind: captions Language: en Logan is ten years old. He is full of life. He loves to play outdoors. He loves going to the park. He'll always introduce himself to new people. "Hi, my name's Logan". Logan has been suffering from seizures most of his life. It started with one per year. Then, as he got older, it got worse. He started having seizures that were one-hour-long. He has tried every single medication there is. He was very tired, sluggish. We got to the point where the neurologist here said "there is nothing I can do for him". I was crying. I literally broke down. I'm not the kind of parent or person that sits back. You're not going to tell me my kid is just going to have to suffer. That's when I got on the computer and did some research and I found out about the ketogenic diet. They don't do it anywhere in the state of Nevada. I had to go outside of the state. I just told myself that I need to do this. I need to do this for him. I need to do this for myself and for my family. I love the team we have. I'm in constant contact with the doctor and the nutritionist. If he needs a refill on one of his meds, if I have a question about the diet, they are just a phone call away. So, we've been doing the keto diet for about a year and a half, but I saw an immediate change. A significant decrease in seizures. He's off of the meds that were making him drowsy He's more enthusiastic to learn. Then, I knew I was doing the right thing because I saw the progress. I saw the change, so it made me want to continue the ketogenic diet. Using KetoCal made the ketogenic diet so much easier. I don't have to worry about the ratios when making Logan's food because everything is already in there. I mix it to make chocolate pudding. That is his favorite. For the g-tube feedings, I use the KetoCal formula. It's so much easier in a carton. Everything is in there. I don't have to mix anything. I just shake it up and pour it down his tube. KetoCal Connect- It's a lot of help. I go on there, I get recipes. There's help, there's support. There is a starter kit that KetoCal Connect offers new parents that are dealing with the ketogenic diet. Everything is in that starter kit that you need. If your child is suffering with epilepsy, don't give up. There is help out there. You need to fight for your child and ask a lot of questions. I"m very happy with the progress. He has come so far. He's a fighter. He is very strong. Everything that he has overcome. Sometimes I just stare. I just look into his eyes and he'll just look at me and smile. And just to see that smile, I know that it was all worth it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @liridonazeqiri8049: But what If you cahnge the way of eating later in your life does the epi comes back
  2. @karamjitsingh8165: Mam wat is the exact keto diet  chart for epilipsy which follow u for ur kid

- The Keto Cure? Groundbreaking Research into Metabolic Treatments for Mental Health Conditions: Kind: captions Language: en Some people with severe persistent mental&nbsp; illnesses like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder&nbsp;&nbsp; have been seen dramatic results on a keto diet.&nbsp; So research is still really new in this field but&nbsp;&nbsp; one study of patients who were hospitalized with&nbsp; severe disorders like schizophrenia, bipolar, and&nbsp;&nbsp; depression were treated with a medical keto diet&nbsp; and 28 out of 31 of them stuck with this approach&nbsp;&nbsp; and of those 28, 100% of them saw improvements in&nbsp; their symptoms and even more wild is 43% of them&nbsp;&nbsp; achieved remission. So, this is pretty incredible&nbsp; results for such severe conditions. So, today we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to talk about why metabolic treatments work&nbsp; for mental health conditions, what they are and how&nbsp;&nbsp; they might be the future of mental health [Music]&nbsp; treatment. Okay first let's start with some stories&nbsp;&nbsp; and then we're going to move into the science of&nbsp; why metabolic treatments like keto seem to be so&nbsp;&nbsp; effective at treating mental health conditions. So&nbsp; first, let me tell you about my friend Kjrstin. She's&nbsp;&nbsp; a therapist. She's been struggling for over a year&nbsp; with debilitating migraines and she tried a ton of&nbsp;&nbsp; treatments from medications to chiropractors to&nbsp; doctors, physical therapists and when she started&nbsp;&nbsp; seeing a migraine specialist he encouraged her to&nbsp; try a medical keto diet. Now you might wonder like&nbsp;&nbsp; why keto? So the keto diet has a really well&nbsp; established history as an effective treatment&nbsp;&nbsp; for epilepsy, especially in children who don't&nbsp; respond well to medication and so the reduction&nbsp;&nbsp; in seizures has been linked to the production of&nbsp; ketones which help stabilize neuronal activity. This effect on stabilizing brain function is super&nbsp; interesting to mental health researchers who are&nbsp;&nbsp; beginning to see big improvements for people with&nbsp; other brain disorders. So what's keto and how does&nbsp;&nbsp; it do it. The medical ketogenic diet is a high&nbsp; fat, low carbohydrate and moderate protein diet. &nbsp;&nbsp; Specifically designed to force the body into a&nbsp; state of ketosis. You're not limiting calories&nbsp;&nbsp; or starving yourself. You're s switching the fuel&nbsp; that you're burning from carbohydrates to mostly&nbsp;&nbsp; fat. Ketosis is a metabolic state in which the&nbsp; body produces ketone bodies as an alternative&nbsp;&nbsp; fuel source. The diet is carefully formulated and&nbsp; it's generally 80 to 90% fat and yes that's a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; with the rest being protein and carbohydrates. Okay so back to Kjrstin. She got on keto and within&nbsp;&nbsp; a few weeks her migraines had almost completely&nbsp; gone away. Okay so what about mental health not&nbsp;&nbsp; just migraines? You've got to hear about Lauren's&nbsp; experience. You may know her from the channel&nbsp;&nbsp; Living Well with Schizophrenia. My name is Lauren&nbsp; Kennedy West and over the last 6 years I've been&nbsp;&nbsp; publicly sharing my experience of living with&nbsp; schizoaffected disorder on YouTube on my channel&nbsp;&nbsp; Living Well with Schizophrenia. In December of&nbsp; 2023, I decided to give using metabolic therapy&nbsp;&nbsp; specifically ketogenic therapy or what I've&nbsp; referred to as medical keto a try in terms&nbsp;&nbsp; of seeing if it could help manage or even treat&nbsp; my mental illness, schizoaffective disorder. Before&nbsp;&nbsp; this I had primarily been using treatments like&nbsp; medication and therapy to manage my Illness but I&nbsp;&nbsp; still had breakthrough symptoms that included&nbsp; things like hallucinations or delusions or&nbsp;&nbsp; paranoia and especially the negative symptoms&nbsp; that were really never touched by medication. My&nbsp;&nbsp; care team didn't know a lot or really anything&nbsp; about medical keto and so it was crucial for me&nbsp;&nbsp; to get a professional on board who could kind of&nbsp; advise us on how to effectively do it. This was in&nbsp;&nbsp; the form of a keto coach who was a therapist&nbsp; specifically trained in nutrition especially&nbsp;&nbsp; around medical ketogenic therapy. I wasn't really&nbsp; sure what was going to come of trying at this&nbsp;&nbsp; intervention and honestly just changing the&nbsp; food I consumed felt like a stretch in terms&nbsp;&nbsp; of being able to improve my mental health. However, I have been completely blown away throughout this&nbsp;&nbsp; process at how drastically it has improved and&nbsp; changed my experience of my illness. I no longer&nbsp;&nbsp; experience symptoms, positive symptoms, negative&nbsp; symptoms, cognitive symptoms they've all been&nbsp;&nbsp; vastly improved and my experience of my illness&nbsp; and subsequently my experience of my life has&nbsp;&nbsp; completely changed and over the course of the&nbsp; last 10 or 11 months I've gradually reduced my&nbsp;&nbsp; medication further and further to a point where I&nbsp; am now completely off of my psychiatric medication&nbsp;&nbsp; and more stable than ever. I've been documenting&nbsp; this process extensively on our YouTube channel&nbsp;&nbsp; over the last 10 or 11 months and you can check&nbsp; that out there. Our YouTube channel is actually now&nbsp;&nbsp; named Living Well After Schizophrenia. So, Lauren's&nbsp; story is pretty mindblowing. She had schizophrenia, &nbsp; a disease that most people have previously thought&nbsp; to be a disorder that you just manage or you just&nbsp;&nbsp; cope with. But with metabolic treatments, people&nbsp; are starting to see remission with it. So how&nbsp;&nbsp; does this work work? Dr Chris Palmer, a Harvard&nbsp; psychiatrist, has been passionately researching&nbsp;&nbsp; the connection between metabolic disorders and&nbsp; mental health disorders. He's the author of the&nbsp;&nbsp; book, Brain Energy which lays out the case&nbsp; for mental health conditions being caused&nbsp;&nbsp; by metabolic disorders and he's seen some pretty&nbsp; dramatic results using metabolic treatments like&nbsp;&nbsp; keto, intermittent fasting, sleep, and exercise&nbsp; to treat them. So the underlying theory really&nbsp;&nbsp; is that the brain disorders that we call mental&nbsp; illness are largely metabolic disorders impacting&nbsp;&nbsp; the brain and although metabolism gets really&nbsp; complicated fast, the reality is that there are&nbsp;&nbsp; some treatments that are actually quite simple: diet, exercise, sleep, lifestyle factors that&nbsp;&nbsp; can actually play really a foundational role in&nbsp; treating mental illness and I think the shocking&nbsp;&nbsp; thing, so most people hear that and they think, well&nbsp; yeah of course good diet is good for your health&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe mental health. The shocking thing is&nbsp; that when you actually understand the science&nbsp;&nbsp; you can use specific dietary interventions for&nbsp; example like the ketogenic diet to treat really&nbsp;&nbsp; serious severe chronic brain conditions like&nbsp; schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and other mental&nbsp;&nbsp; health conditions and to me the thing that's so&nbsp; hopeful about stories like that is that it's not&nbsp;&nbsp; that medical keto is going to cure everyone but&nbsp; it opens up entirely new ways to understand these&nbsp;&nbsp; illnesses and completely different strategies&nbsp; other than just try another pill. It opens up&nbsp;&nbsp; completely new strategies that we should be&nbsp; considering. So what does the research say? Do&nbsp;&nbsp; we know why it works for some people and not for&nbsp; others? Research indicates that the keto diet might&nbsp;&nbsp; positively impact certain mental health conditions&nbsp; due to its effects on metabolism, neurotransmitter&nbsp;&nbsp; function, and inflammation. Ketones have been shown&nbsp; to improve mitochondrial function, reduce oxidative&nbsp;&nbsp; stress, and protect neurons which is really&nbsp; beneficial for cognitive function and it also&nbsp;&nbsp; might help with conditions like Alzheimer's&nbsp; disease and mild cognitive impairment due to&nbsp;&nbsp; aging. Metabolism is actually fundamental to the&nbsp; definition of living organisms. So it is massive, super complicated. The simple version is food into&nbsp; energy and building blocks and that's what powers&nbsp;&nbsp; our brains that's what makes us function. That's what&nbsp; makes us healthy and or not healthy and when there&nbsp;&nbsp; are problems with metabolism fundamentally there&nbsp; will be problems with the way cells function and&nbsp;&nbsp; when cells in your brain are not functioning&nbsp; properly, you can have symptoms of mental&nbsp;illness. There's also some evidence that the keto diet&nbsp; might be helpful for alcoholism, PTSD, and even&nbsp;&nbsp; eating disorders. And what I'm here to say is&nbsp; there is hope. There is hope for those people, &nbsp; for you. If people understand the metabolic theory, the metabolic basis of brain disorders, we can help&nbsp;&nbsp; people heal and recover. It helps us understand&nbsp; current treatments a little better but it also&nbsp;&nbsp; opens up entirely new possibilities in terms&nbsp; of new medications we might think about, weight&nbsp;&nbsp; loss drugs maybe for your brain health as well but&nbsp; also dietary interventions like the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or other diets, exercise, sleep, and other things. &nbsp; Right now we don't have enough research to tell us&nbsp;&nbsp; exactly why the ketogenic diet may be so helpful. We know that it changes the metabolism for the&nbsp;&nbsp; better but it also might help reduce inflammation, increase the levels of GABA, which is a calming&nbsp;&nbsp; neurotransmitter and stabilize blood sugar levels. This prevents the fluctuations that are linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; irritability, anxiety, and depressive symptoms. In an interview with NPR, a psychiatrist said&nbsp;&nbsp; once you trend towards more normal mitochondrial&nbsp; function and metabolic health, that's restoring&nbsp;&nbsp; neurotransmitter systems. It's even restoring blood&nbsp; flow to the brain. So keto can be really effective&nbsp;&nbsp; for some people with some conditions including&nbsp; massive benefits for some really severe conditions. But the next question is, is it practical or&nbsp; sustainable? First, I want to just point out that if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're using a ketogenic diet for a mental health&nbsp; condition, it's not at all clear that you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; do it for life. Usually when people use it to treat&nbsp; their epilepsy, they only need to do it for some&nbsp;&nbsp; between two and five years and then you can&nbsp; stop the diet and your seizures stay away and&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're hoping in the mental health field is&nbsp; that the same brain benefits will apply. So that&nbsp;&nbsp; people can do a ketogenic intervention for&nbsp; a couple of years and then maybe be able to&nbsp;&nbsp; transition to a different type of a diet, maybe&nbsp; more of a paleo diet or Mediterranean Diet or&nbsp;&nbsp; something else where they can still maintain the&nbsp; health benefits and still stay well and remitted&nbsp;&nbsp; and recovered but not necessarily have to do the&nbsp; diet. But even for people who end up do having to&nbsp;&nbsp; do the diet, there are people with epilepsy who've&nbsp; been on this diet for more than 40 years and the&nbsp;&nbsp; reason it's so sustainable for them is this is&nbsp; perplexing to a lot of people because a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; people have trouble losing even five or 10&nbsp; pounds, keeping it off. Most people do. So it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like, how do these patients with severe mental or&nbsp; neurological health conditions, how do they do it&nbsp;&nbsp; for so long? These people are fighting for their&nbsp; lives. They're fighting for their brain health. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is so much easier to do a ketogenic diet than&nbsp; to have severe crippling suicidal depression. It's not even a close contest. It is so much easier just&nbsp; to do a diet. The friend that you just described, who had migraine headaches that were treatment&nbsp; resistant, it's probably a lot easier to do a&nbsp;&nbsp; keto diet than to have migraine headaches and&nbsp; be in bed incapacitated. I asked her. I said, "Is&nbsp;&nbsp; it hard to stick with?" She's been doing it for six&nbsp; months now and I haven't stuck with a diet for six&nbsp;&nbsp; months. I was like, well, is this hard? Like, do you&nbsp; miss and she's like, no it's not. I choose between&nbsp;&nbsp; eating keto or being in bed with a migraine. It's&nbsp; like an easy choice. Exactly and so I think for, again, for people who don't need a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, I'm not at all suggesting that everybody&nbsp;&nbsp; goes on a ketogenic diet. This is a treatment for&nbsp; pretty serious health conditions but yeah for the&nbsp;&nbsp; people who get remission, it really feels nothing&nbsp; short of a miracle to a lot of people. We have to&nbsp;&nbsp; admit the changeing to a keto diet can be really&nbsp; challenging. You have to restrict certain foods and&nbsp;&nbsp; this can take a lot of time and money and energy&nbsp; and it can restrict social interactions and this&nbsp;&nbsp; can add stress to life. Plus, it can be hard to get&nbsp; adequate nutrients without eating a lot of carbohydrates. &nbsp; I also wonder about the impact on the&nbsp; gut microbiome when there's so little fiber in&nbsp;&nbsp; the diet. It's still too early to know what works&nbsp; and why but this is a promising approach. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; still a lot of questions to be answered and for&nbsp; each person it's important to weigh the risks and&nbsp;&nbsp; the benefits of each treatment option. If you're&nbsp; considering this, you should work with a doctor or&nbsp;&nbsp; a nutritionist or a psychiatrist who understands&nbsp; metabolic treatments to decide what is the best&nbsp;&nbsp; treatment for you. Dr. Palmer recommends that you&nbsp; find a clinician who can help you navigate the&nbsp;&nbsp; process. I'll just link some resources below that&nbsp; may be helpful because I think it's just great&nbsp;&nbsp; to have another tool in our toolbox. Okay hope you&nbsp; found this video helpful. Thank you for watching&nbsp;&nbsp; and take care. Hey, if you found any part of this&nbsp; video helpful, I'd really appreciate it if you&nbsp;&nbsp; could give it a thumbs up or comment below what&nbsp; you found was helpful. Also if you can think of&nbsp;&nbsp; someone who might benefit from this video, if you&nbsp; could share it that'll help them but all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; things help tell the algorithm that this content&nbsp; is helpful for people and then they'll show it to&nbsp;&nbsp; more people who it can help. So really appreciate&nbsp; it. Thank you so much for being here take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [18 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @ashleysilva7414 [1 likes]: We don't need fiber in our diets. This is a myth that won't die.
  3. @rogergarza1841: This diet works for almost everything. My fibromyalgia is almost in remission.omg
  4. @coralinejones505: Have you ever discussed the bean protocol and the health benefits? Its a pretty extreme diet change, but it is solid when it comes to the health benefits and I want to try it to help treat my severe mental health issues ( with doctor supervison)
  5. @steshots7303: I was on a vegan keto diet for 6 months a couple of years ago and what I've been noticing - besides the weight loss -was the fact that my adhs disappeared. I was totally focused and clear in my mind. I could concentrate and I had so much energy. I noticed also that it changed also my mood. I was literally spreading happiness. Right now I am just in my first week of vegan keto. I can recommend it!
  6. @ΓΕΩΡΓΙΟΣΔΡΕΤΑΚΗΣ-ω9β: You gave no data about the glucose and ketone levels
  7. @Blood_of_The_Lamb: So happy for Lauren 🤍🙌🏾
  8. @serenitygoodwyn: While the research focus on a strict keto diet, I have achieved remission of bipolar with a more moderate approach. So long as I am in ketosis most mornings (using pee sticks) I do find. If I pop out of ketosis throughout the day after eating or even for the odd day here and there my mood remains stable. This means that I can occasionally have a 'normal' meal with family or friends and be fine making it very easy to maintain long term.  Unfortunately this is not the case for epilepsy or in my experinced migraine, to get the benefits for those, a strict keto diet is required.
  9. @blueberriesrfine5538: A new study by Dr. Chris Palmer is showing promising results for OCD treatment using the keto diet as well.
  10. @edithzamora1992: Do you think this could help me with dpdr? I just fasted a 6 day water fast and started keto today. Idk what I’m doing. If anyone here can help me pls comment
  11. @blakemoore1905: I knocked my body into ketosis for over all health but the mental health changes are mind blowing wich is what caused me to find this video.
  12. @Starchaser63: So its true  - junk food = junk mood  😐
  13. @sarahcohen3844: I'm going to look into this because I think the long-term medicine is detrimental to aging. That said, early on I had a doctor who told me to get rid of sugar, dairy and gluten, and I don't hear much of voices anymore. I'm very imperfect about the diet. It doesn't seem to matter to the voices. My bet at what gets rid of voices is that, because my boss fired me for having schizophrenia, I started substitute teaching, and being social, and I am not normally social on my own, got rid of it. I do take quetiapine, but I took quetiapine for a year and a half before voices subsided.
  14. @Pearell_gaming: Keto diet really got me out of depression . I was able to stop my pristiq and bupropion during COVID-19 lock dow. After 1 year, and back to the office I resumed my regular diet (still low carb), and guess what? Depression is back now stronger… and I haven’t even been motivated enough to start my keto diet again 😢
  15. @TheWarfare_101: Would you please share the link to that study please?
  16. @662jg: Is there any studies about specific diets that helps ADHD
  17. @maricarmenvargas7313: Thank you for talking about this important and new topic for mental health. I admire your professionalism and love to help people and your online community 💞
  18. @maricarmenvargas7313: My son is using this therapies for  his mental health condition and he improved in a lot of issues. His mind is clear, focused, and calmer. His mood improved and his purpose in life. He begins with Paleo and then makes the transition to Keto. The professionals that are helping him also recommend exercise, relaxation techniques and family support. I recommend it 100%.
  19. @shuk93: Why change the winning strategy? The mental illness will return if we go back to the old ways that caused the illness.
  20. @theofanisathanasiou6670: yes it is

- Ketones and Emotions: Depression, Anxiety & Irritability: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the relationship between&nbsp; ketones on your mood not just depression&nbsp;&nbsp; but anger irritability anxiety so many people who&nbsp; start the ketogenic diet in periodic prolonged&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting experience a huge improvement in their&nbsp; mental health it really brings their mood&nbsp;&nbsp; up from these lower emotions to a much greater&nbsp; emotion now i want to differentiate two things&nbsp;&nbsp; one is your mood being affected by situations and&nbsp; maybe a mental problem if you get an argument with&nbsp;&nbsp; someone and you're angry okay that's a direct&nbsp; cause and effect relationship but what about&nbsp;&nbsp; the situation where you're just depressed you're&nbsp; irritable you're angry without that situation what&nbsp;&nbsp; is up with that and it'd be really interesting to&nbsp; find out um the true percentage of people who are&nbsp;&nbsp; depressed angry irritable and have anxiety and&nbsp; how much of that is related to just their fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; for their brain and their overall brain chemistry&nbsp; especially because when you observe people going&nbsp;&nbsp; on low carb and fasting there is a direct and&nbsp; immediate improvement in mood now there's been 15&nbsp;&nbsp; studies showing the relationship between the&nbsp; ketogenic diet and mood and the results were&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of mixed the results show there may be&nbsp; improvements in your mental status okay but if&nbsp;&nbsp; you look at these studies some studies were just&nbsp; observational which use questionnaires which um&nbsp;&nbsp; they're not very credible a lot of other studies&nbsp; were done in mice and how are you going to show&nbsp;&nbsp; results with emotion on mice and also if you dig&nbsp; into the studies you're going to find out that&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of these studies weren't even using the&nbsp; ketogenic diet they weren't low carb and also a&nbsp;&nbsp; human would never consume the diet that these mice&nbsp; were on so i don't know how valid those studies&nbsp;&nbsp; would be and then yet other studies were just&nbsp; using ketones exogenous ketones not changing the&nbsp;&nbsp; diet and so these studies don't really reflect&nbsp; the actual healthy version of the ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet that i would recommend for someone and also&nbsp; they're not including fasting because the way you&nbsp;&nbsp; get into ketosis is a low-carb diet or fasting&nbsp; or a combination of both but the benefits on&nbsp;&nbsp; your emotional state is not just ketones but when&nbsp; you're doing fasting there's a lot of other things&nbsp;&nbsp; that can occur with additional brain chemicals&nbsp; being increased like brain derived neurotrophic&nbsp;&nbsp; factor which i'm going to do a video on but&nbsp; here's what we know there's a condition called&nbsp;&nbsp; brain insulin resistance where the brain is not&nbsp; getting enough insulin and so we have a decreased&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin sensitivity and there's definitely&nbsp; a direct effect on having that condition in&nbsp;&nbsp; being depressed or having a lowered mood we also&nbsp; know that diabetics are three times more likely&nbsp;&nbsp; to get depression we also know that metformin&nbsp; which directly addresses insulin resistance has&nbsp;&nbsp; been shown to decrease depression nasal insulin&nbsp; sprays when you spray insulin right up into&nbsp;&nbsp; the sinuses and it can go directly into the brain&nbsp; has been shown to decrease depression as well so&nbsp;&nbsp; when you fix this insulin resistance thing you&nbsp; definitely improve the mood we also know that when&nbsp;&nbsp; you do fasting you have an increased absorption of&nbsp; tryptophan which is a precursor to serotonin which&nbsp;&nbsp; is like the happy hormone that actually makes you&nbsp; happier so there's all this additional data that&nbsp;&nbsp; supports doing the ketogenic diet and fasting&nbsp; to increase your mood so my question is this&nbsp;&nbsp; what happens when you diagnose someone with the&nbsp; wrong problem what are the consequences of that&nbsp;&nbsp; if a person has a physically caused depression&nbsp; coming from their diet and you diagnose them with&nbsp;&nbsp; some mental illness or mental disease and worse&nbsp; yet treat them with a drug that has side effects&nbsp;&nbsp; what are the consequences of that i mean you can&nbsp; really mess someone up if you give them the wrong&nbsp;&nbsp; diagnosis telling them your problem is this when&nbsp; in actuality it's to sing completely over here&nbsp;&nbsp; and so if you are new to my channel and you have&nbsp; some lowered emotional state and you haven't tried&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet yet or fasting i challenge&nbsp; you to try it out because i think you're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to notice a huge shift in how you feel now i&nbsp; recently interviewed a guy a fascinating success&nbsp;&nbsp; story which i'm going to put the link down below&nbsp; if you haven't seen this you have to watch this&nbsp;&nbsp; here's a man that had seriously high blood&nbsp; sugars i'm talking in the 700s okay he was going&nbsp;&nbsp; into a coma he was rushed to the hospital he was&nbsp; overweight depressed on a medication um and so he&nbsp;&nbsp; decided to do himself in and stop eating for four&nbsp; days and it backfired he started feeling better&nbsp;&nbsp; he started feeling happier which is fascinating&nbsp; so he accidentally did fasting and found out&nbsp;&nbsp; surprisingly that his depression went&nbsp; away when he started doing fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; he stumbled on one of my videos he started&nbsp; the ketogenic diet he started doing fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; and you have to watch the success story because&nbsp; he pulled himself completely right out of that&nbsp;&nbsp; deep dark state of depression and now not only&nbsp; has he lost weight and had health benefits&nbsp;&nbsp; but he's happy he no longer has depression his&nbsp; willpower is excellent so number one you have the&nbsp;&nbsp; relationship between brain insulin resistance and&nbsp; your mood you also have something called the hpa&nbsp;&nbsp; axis okay hypothalamus pituitary adrenal pathway&nbsp; what happens if that pathway is altered and you&nbsp;&nbsp; have higher amounts of cortisol you're gonna have&nbsp; anxiety so the ketogenic diet and doing fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; can improve that situation as well and then you&nbsp; have the direct effect on dopamine which is like&nbsp;&nbsp; the pleasure hormone and the more sugar someone&nbsp; has and the more carbohydrates the more problem&nbsp;&nbsp; they're going to have with dopamine and the&nbsp; more dopamine resistance they're going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're not going to be able to experience&nbsp; pleasure if you have a problem with dopamine&nbsp;&nbsp; so that would equate to depression and apathy&nbsp; and then you have the direct effect on serotonin&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're on a high carb diet that's going&nbsp; to directly inhibit the ability to express&nbsp;&nbsp; serotonin and when you do fasting you increase the&nbsp; absorption of tryptophan which is a precursor to&nbsp;&nbsp; serotonin you increase the absorption of serotonin&nbsp; and you become happier and lastly you have the&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on the hippocampus it's a known fact that&nbsp; diabetics have atrophy of the hippocampus and&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the structure in the brain that affects&nbsp; memory learning and when you have atrophy of&nbsp;&nbsp; this part of the brain people get depressed so in&nbsp; conclusion i challenge you to try this diet and&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting at the same time to see if it can actually&nbsp; pull you out of some of these lower emotions&nbsp;&nbsp; to a much higher emotional state click down&nbsp; below for more information on how to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; hey before you go if you're benefiting&nbsp; from any of my content i would love&nbsp;&nbsp; to hear about your success story&nbsp; please share it in the link down below

  Top Comments:
  1. @sell_outs [20 likes]: I didn't fast but i did keto. I noticed a difference in 48 hours. Im 31 and had back pain, crippling social anxiety especially when talking to girls and i had yoyo energy ups and downs all day. 48 hours after starting keto my back and energy was 80-90 percent better. After 72 hours i like life again. Thank God i discovered you. You changed my life .
  2. @ColtonGates-d6h [11 likes]: really don’t ever comment on anything. In fact, this may be the first video I’ve ever commented on. I have always struggled with my weight, it took years to understand that I had insulin resistance. Two doctors, several appointments, blood work, and no one could or would help me. I spent 4 years stuck at the same weight despite dieting like crazy and going to the gym 3-5 times a week. I finally stumbled onto one of Dr. Berg’s video about what would happen if you quit sugar for two weeks. I do not exaggerate when I say it completely changed everything for me. I have lost the weight, but what I never expected was the relief I got from my anxiety, depression, and rage. These videos and this channel have been an incredible blessing in my life, and I couldn’t be more grateful. I still struggle a lot with the diet because I love food so much but this has all been life-saving, sanity-preserving content for me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart
  3. @MancunianInLondon [5 likes]: I has been badly impacted by depression, anxiety, mood swings and anger issues since around 1998. I started prolonged fasting and ketogenic diet in 2024. At the 72 hour mark (of water fasting and when I was in deep ketogenesis), my depression, anxiety and moods were gone. I was springing out of bed at 6 am, and I felt content for the first time since 1998. Not one mood swing, no more depression and no anxiety. I would seriously urge anyone out there to try prolonged water fasting which is eventually broken by the ketogenic diet. I think a significant % of people would experience contentment and energy boosts for the first time in years, or, even decades like me.
  4. @Drberg [2 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  5. @davidestonsperrysr554 [2 likes]: I agree with Dr Berg by experience! Thank you, Dr Berg!
  6. @ShreefMohamed-de7tv: The most important question if the keto diet improves the mood and reduces the aniexty , and the deppression how many months should i deal with it or discpline for this ? Do i should make this to the end of my life or i can stop it after the enhancing my mood ? Maybe for months ?
  7. @hitchofmemoriesllc5256: Dr. Berg I really need your help. I am trying to improve my health. I have lost 55lbs since January 2026. I am a type 1 diabetic  that is insulin resistant, fatty liver and hypothyroidism. I have the MTHFR gene. I am sad, angry and anxious. I should be happy! Please help me.
  8. @380OH: I am around 50h in strict keto diet i consume less then 15g of oh fats 220+ and protein 180+ and feel okay but tired and on short walk anxiety kicked in like crazy 😐
  9. @Miros90: ❤
  10. @sd83music: Going Keto/ketovore has caused more anxiety for me.
  11. @paulovcak1988: hey doc. iam in low carb diet long time, months...16:8 fasting, months and my mood is low... high protein food everyday. why is that? overall kcals around 1400.. 10-20k steps daily, full body training 5-6 d/w
  12. @KaylaSFreeborn: On keto for only a few days and I know I’m doing it right because I’m in such a wonderful mood and I’m so thirsty! 😝❤❤❤🎉
  13. @Instaleah3000: Everything changed when I broke my leg in 2022. Before then I was a collegiate athlete and very stable emotionally always. I NEVER got sick. After the medications and antibiotics and surgery, my immune system went way down and I got Covid for the first time. It shut down my body completely resulting in a terrible insomnia and a constant panic attack. Vitamins helped me for a while but I stopped taking them and now the insomnia is back. I’m back on my vitamins and fully committed to a keto diet for the first time. I just want the insomnia and panic to go away. I feel like something stole my life and I need it back.
  14. @ZenIKIGAI-x6x: A Million THANKS Dr. Berg; So encouraging to , again, quit this poison we eat again when in a bad mood....which...makes it worst....aftetward..., what a vicious circle isn't it. Thanks God we have you and the Keto&fasting....My dream: to stick to OMAD!...."One Meal a Day.....keeps the "doctor" away....🙂
  15. @Rosivv: I’m on day 5 only water fasting and I got so emotional today idk why 😢
  16. @LannaTiger: I've been on keto for a week, and it's absolutely horrible. I have muscle cramps, insomnia, dry eyes, anxiety thru the roof, and hunger is severe. I hoped it would go away, I do vitamins, minerals, salt, green salads a lot, water. All the advice. But I will have to stop it. Loved eating a lot of fatty meat (organic of course), and more cheese than usual, but the anger in me is just uncontrollable at this point, and those cramps and constant thought about food.. God help me
  17. @moto_monk4662: Hi dr. Berg, I've been eating beef, sardines and butter with some occasional shredded coconut for the last couple of weeks and my anxiety and stress levels have gotten worse. Any ideas on how to fix?
  18. @Nakanam1: This is so much true you don’t even know what you have touched dr. Berg. There are huge amount of people suffering on psych. Drugs that destroyed their lives. These drugs are dangerous and addictive. 
Doctors should always offer other ways as treatment before drugs.
  19. @patterndaytrader000: I actually get more anxiety:(
  20. @katherinecorriveau6377: I’ve been on complete low carb diet for over a month and I’ve been feeling very bad emotionally. What is happening there?

- How KETOSIS Diet Improves BRAIN Health, from ADHD to Dementia | Dr. Boz & Dr. Casey Means: Kind: captions Language: en When that mood is going up and down, and up and down, what you're really doing is you are stimulating that mitochondria to burn out a bunch of fuel, and then it crashes. You don't have a flexible metabolism. You go to zero, and they starve, and they get crabby and irritable. And that looks just like a non-focused, irritable attention deficit. And so then it's much easier to label, give it a pill, stimulate the crap out of it, and not fix the problem, but have a prescription that must be the answer. But, I think it is a a tragedy that it is not better educated that your brain prefers ketones. And when you fuel it like that, it works like a superpower. We are the most advanced brain on Earth, and when you fuel it correctly, it is quickly recovered. Hello, and welcome to a whole new level. This is Dr. Casey Means, co-founder and chief medical officer of Levels, and I am thrilled to introduce Dr. Annette Bosworth, otherwise known as Dr. Boz, to our show today. We are going to be talking about keto diets, of which Dr. Boz is a trailblazer and leader. We're going to be talking about brain optimization, chronic disease reversal, and exactly how to know if you are reaching a ketogenic state. Dr. Boz is incredible. She was one of the early physician leaders using YouTube and media to get her message out. She's been making YouTube videos for over 10 years, has 500,000 subscribers on her Dr. Boz YouTube channel, and it is a wealth of information. She is a physician trained in internal medicine. She is a faculty member. She's taught at University of Utah and University of South Dakota. She's written two incredible books, Anyway You Can and Keto Continuum. She's an author, storyteller, mother. She's been featured in so many outlets like CNN, Time, US News and World Reports. She also speaks all over the community, in churches, in jails. She hosts a support group in a bowling alley. She speaks at universities. She is so passionate about getting the message of metabolic disease reversal out, which is so important. We're facing a metabolic disease epidemic in this country, and Dr. Boz is really a crusader. She has been successfully reversing type 2 diabetes, obesity, addictions of all kinds for decades now. We are going to talk about how to use continuous glucose monitors in relation to ketone monitors. We're going to talk about how to do the keto diet, and how to know if you're in ketosis. We're going to talk about fasting. We're talking about incredible, inspiring patient stories. This is an amazing opportunity to speak with one of the world leaders in the ketogenic diet, and I could not be more excited to have Dr. Boz here. Welcome to a whole new level, Dr. Boz. Well, thank you, Casey. This is truly my honor. You guys do great work, and the megaphone you have for helping patients see their metabolism, I'm I'm being a girl fan right now. Like, Well, we are clearly on such a shared mission to improve the metabolic health status in this country and reverse the monumental chronic disease epidemic, and you've taken such a fascinating approach to doing this by really, like speaking of microphones, megaphones, you have been one of the earliest sort of physician leaders in merging medicine and media to educate patients in a way that's really going to land for them, and a big focus of yours has been keto. So, for the the people listening who may be somewhat unfamiliar with the ketogenic strategy of diet, can you speak to the basics of what nutritional ketosis is, and how it has a relationship with chronic disease prevention and reversal? So, a ketogenic diet is uh it's a marker of in my mind, as an internal medicine, it's a marker of health that your body can use not just glucose as your fuel source, but as glucose and this other thing called a ketone. The best similarity between glucose and ketones is that we can measure them. Uh we can also burn fat in our mitochondria, and then fuel it proteins if we're really being technical. But, the big the big, you know, hit it out of the park, where do we get our energy? Glucose and ketones are it. And when I'm looking for people's metabolism to be healthy, to reverse the problems that have landed in their lap that put them in my clinic, well, that mitochondria has to be able to use both of those. So, a nutritional ketosis means you're eating in a way that you don't have enough fuel to stay completely in the default, which is glucose, or most people, you know, resort to first thing in the morning, their body wakes up with a burst of glucose, but then storage isn't supposed to be abundant. The storage of that is supposed to last a few hours, and you're supposed to bring on this this long-acting fuel called a ketone, which comes from fat. But, in our world, and especially in an internal medicine world, where chronic disease is the norm, you know, 12 prescriptions is the average, not the extreme, but the average. And those prescriptions are all written cuz your mitochondria has been using glucose way too often, and ketones are in the far distant past. So, when I look at the the term ketosis, um it's a measurable term. It's not an opinion. It means that if you peed on a stick that measures ketones in a a urine dipstick, there would be ketones in your urine. If you prick your finger to check if you're if there are ketones around, you would have ketones in circulation. Uh a ketogenic diet isn't a menu. It's a chemistry set inside your circulation. And so, I've actually I've got a a quick slide deck here that I think uh is going to be the fastest way for us to get through the understanding of what am I talking about, and then I'm going to show you what most of my patients suffer from. It's kind of the Cliff Notes, but I think you'll your folks will be able to follow if we do a a good job of just uh talking through it. So, I'm going to share my screen if that's okay. I would love that. Thank you. When I look at this, I want to tell you about So, I I have been doing mission trips. One of my when I was on faculty, one of my jobs was I was the leader to take the medical students on a mission trip to Haiti. I've gone probably 50 times. But, when my kids got old enough, I just couldn't leave home and still have them turn out not in my drug-addicted clinic, but because my mom showed up and paid attention. Um so, we stopped doing in mission trips until last year, we went to Honduras. And my kids have always gone with me. This boy is real, 10-year-old Willie. And he is from Honduras, and has a much different metabolism than the 10-year-old from our country. So, there's glucose on one side, ketones on the other, and the time on the bottom. But, as you see here, you'll notice there are some changes in the glucose throughout the day. When Willie eats, he eats a pretty nutritious meal for well, for anybody, cuz he he's in an orphanage. Uh but, the orphanage has some limitations. They do not eat after 5:00 at night, and that spike in blood sugar rises up to about 100, and it goes back down at the end of the his eating window, and he does not snack after that. The volume of his food is also quite low, actually. I mean, he doesn't eat much. Um there's that little bitty spike in the morning of a cortisol spike, and you can see that blood sugar will rise and fall based on when he is eating. And when you he stops eating, it kind of goes back down to about, you know, 62, 63 in the morning. When he starts eating, and when it spikes, it's related to his meals. And that's pretty true for all of us that we're going to raise our blood sugars when we eat, and then it's going to come back down, or at least that's what's supposed to happen. And how much it rises and falls, well, that's important to me if I'm going to try to help you reverse a problem. And it's incredible what you learn when you wear one of these CGMs, cuz you can get little curves like this. His eating window, this is another word I use, is what's the first bite of food to the last bite of food. And his eating window is close to 9 hours um with a first meal. The volume of food is also very low. His average blood sugars, which we measure with a hemoglobin A1C, but you can also statistically measure, is pretty low. Like in the I think it's in the 80s. 4.5 is in that 80 75 to 80 range, I think. Now, this blue line is what Willie does with his ketones. So, again, prick your finger, look at your ketones. So, it starts out over here at about, you know, 0.5 when he's when his body is using glucose. But, when the glucose runs out, and the storage is empty, up flies the ketones, and that is a stark comparison to when his if he would like get up in the middle of the night and eat, those ketones would go away. So, he burns glucose during one part of the day. He he burns fat in the form of ketones in another part of the day. I just want to point out cortisol rises every morning, and when the cortisol rises, sugar comes into it. Even that little bitty blip of that glucose will shove his ketones back down to a baseline of about 0.5 or 0.6. That That's just a little animation to say, "Here's the glucose. Here's it going up and down." And the rest of these slides won't, but really important for people to say this changes. When people say, "Well, what should it be?" I'm like, "I don't know. There's about 10 more questions I need to know before I can answer that question for you." It is What is it doing over time that is the most important. Like any data point, if you only have one, we're not going to get that good of answer for you. But when we have a range of data for you, it really is helpful. So, I call this the four-day forecast. So, Willie is quite rhythmical, predictable. He has no control over his gluco- or his meals. He's at an orphanage where it's rationed and very minimal. There is no snacking at night. And when you follow day one, day two, day three, day four, it's it's that solid of a plan. His time spent in ketosis is Well, it's like half of the day because when he's sleeping, he's got ketones being being burned and glucose isn't zero, but it's it's much lower than what you'll find the rest of the time. All right. So, in in the fear of being a little redundant, this is the the zone for the burning fat. And I just want you to put that in your memory to watch what happens when you compare that to an American. So, yeah. So, here is Here is our American. Um We're going to call our American David. So, David is also 10. And David could be David is the person that I wrote about in Keto Continuum, but here's what his would have been had he had you checked. So, I want you to notice that his glucose is going up to well above 120 when he eats his meals throughout the day. His ketone level may rise during the evening hours, but it's and it's it's got a baseline of ketones happening during the the night or during the day when he is eating glucose, but it is not nearly as robust as what Willie's was from Honduras. It's in the zone where those where the ketones are burning that it is a strong metabolic stimulus for the mitochondria. And if I get to answer, "What is a ketogenic diet?" I'm like, "It's a workout for your mitochondria to help keep the body low on inflammation." And if you just burp a few ketones into your circulation, well, maybe you can get rid of a I don't know, a pimple or something. But if you've got metabolic disease or dementia or an autoimmune disorder, you got to have ketones around a lot more than that if you want me to have a chance of being able to crisscross those on the list of diseases that I used to say, "Oh, you're in no man's land. That's not reversible." Here's just another look at that. His average blood sugar, unlike unlike the Honduran's, is about 5.1. So, that's about an average of 100. So, average blood sugar of 100. And not terrible. Everybody's going to say, "Good job. It's great." But the volume of food that that American is eating is much more processed and a much higher volume. So, let's see what happens when we age. This is just another demonstration of how it flips back and forth. That's what healthy looks like. He's not very old. He's 17. When people say, "Well, how long do I have to do your ketogenic thing if I want to reverse this?" I'm like, "Do you realize that you've been doing this for a long time?" So, I'd like you to notice in this eating window, we have one, two, three, four meals he's eating now. And this week he calls a snack, but when a glucose changes this much, I call that a meal and so does your so do your beta cells. They make enough insulin to cover that. And when you're wearing a CGM and you say, "But I just had a few macadamia nuts." I'm like, "I don't care. Look what your glucose monitor did." That insulin amount is overproducing and every time you swallow food now, you're making insulin. Even though the textbook says, "But it was all fat." I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know you think it's all fat, but there's other stuff in there." And in that process of eating, just the mastication, the chewing, is now stimulating your parotid gland and telling your brain that here comes a bunch of carbs because that's what you've done for the last 30 years. But even at 17, we watched to see, yep, he's making some ketones, but not very much. His glucose and ketones turn on and off in a different way. We now have a very low zero is his baseline in between, whereas before his his baseline was closer to 0.5. So, again, there is absolutely no ketones being fueled in the 17-year-old who looks lean, who's very healthy, whose mom says, "We don't snack at night, so we're fine." But his eating window is much larger than it should be and the time he spends burning carbs versus burning fat, well, there's there's just no comparison. After a few years from his 10-year-old self to now his 17-year-old self, you're like, "Well, his average sugars aren't too bad. 115's 5.5. No problem." Yes, it is. If you want this child to not grow up with an immune system that is crippled or an insulin system that is resistant to the messages inside its cell, it's too high for a for a healthy person. Human beings were not designed for that. And when I watch those those numbers go higher and higher at an earlier age, I actually had a pediatrician call me probably about two years ago cuz I had given him the algorithm for how to treat type 2 diabetes, something he didn't learn in his pediatric years, but he needs to know now. And he's he called me and said, "Well, what happens when I've run out of all your drugs?" And I said, "What do you mean?" "Well, I've maxed them all out and his blood sugars are still high." I'm like, "He needs a different mom." You need to get the carbohydrates out of his life. You you got to stop doing this. Cuz this is what he looks like when he's 40 years old. Now we've got this man who's spent 20 years doing he you know, he's cleaned things up. He only has three meals a day, but his blood sugars go all the way up to 160 when he is um when he's eating his meals. And his eating window is more than 12 hours. It's probably about 13 or 14 hours. And his blood sugars are now up into that, you know, yeah, 6.1, which, you know, an average blood sugar of 125, often if you check it 15 times in a row, you're going to find morning fasting ones that are in the diabetic range. He doesn't know it. He would never want you to say that out loud. That's just not me. I'm sure you're wrong. I looked in the textbook. It says it needs to be higher than that. I'm like, "I don't care. You're so close to diabetes, you're just fighting over needles right now. It's not it's really not um an appropriate antidote for you know, saying, "Oh, I don't have it." Like, no, you've got a problem brewing deep inside your system. So, let me go to what happens when our patient goes to 55 years old. He now have blood sugars that go way up here. So, now you're above above 60. And here's a couple things I like to point out. See how this doesn't get back down to normal in between meals? Well, those sugars, what it really looks like on a CGM is they hang out up here. It doesn't it doesn't it's so close to a flatter line in between the meals that you know they're doing some damage to their to their body and their brain. And the ketones, they are they are rare. If you had if you had a ketone continuous monitor, if there was a thing, and I know folks are working on it, but I don't think I don't see one on the market yet, but if you could, it's this really half a hot minute that you made about five ketones and then your body said, "No, no, he's going to Here comes cortisol in the morning. It's going to rise." And in the end, that glucose going way up, burning the fuel that is short acting, that is not an anti-inflammatory and or an antioxidant, but is instead a really wasteful, but rapid fuel. And with that comes a whole bunch of reasons you're going to end up seeing an internal medicine doctor. When when I look at those slides and I've I've done that lecture many times and really find that as as you watch, what do you do to get better? The key component is that you're going to need a a way to recruit that those ketones back into your chemistry set. And when when patients say, "Well, well, how many grams of fat should I have? Well, how many grams of protein should I have?" I'm like, "I don't want you counting any of those macros right now. I want you to keeping 20 total carbohydrates in one day. Period. That's what you focus on." Now, I want you eating high fat. Some people can do that right out of the gate. Some people bang their heads up against the wall and eat high protein with low fat and then they feel terrible. And finally, when they sacri- they just kind of say, "Well, here's what I would recommend is I would recommend you eat some steak, some sardines, some high fat you know, we could say ancestral foods that are filled with fat and that are not laden with a lot of carbohydrates. And even in my advanced diabetics, uh in my I'm injecting insulin, uh my A1C is in the double digits, which now has a blood sugar of north of 270 at least. And that was in my no-man's land. You're never going to get back from this. That's not reversible. And I have crisscrossed that out. You have to reduce this. Not for a week, not for 10 days, not for a month and a half, but until your beta cells are not overproducing every time you chew. That's going to take time. And, you know, when I look at the the price that people pay is they often don't hear this message until well, until their brain wasn't working right. And that's um that's not uh that started at 17 for our David. His brain changed. His ability to be resilient, to have the reversal of anxiety, the depth of his sleep, all of that changes when glucose is the only thing that you're fueling those cells on. Uh that even though he could produce some ketones and into his 20s and 30s in the middle of the night, there were maybe an hour or two of ketones. Not enough to keep away what we ask of our brains in this world, which is you need that depth of sleep, you need the power of a a strong source of ketones. And like I said at the beginning, it means that mitochondria cannot get a flash of ketones uh you know, every you know, every third week when you said, "Oh, I'm you know, fasting for Lent or I'm you know, got a colonoscopy or you know, there's some reason that ridiculous human beings skip meals." Um but and and when they do that, sure we can wake them up just a little bit. That is not what nutritional ketosis is. That's a flash of your body's, you know, saving that one liver that you haven't been using and it's going to try to use it in a in a in a moment where you do something different than you've been doing. That's not how you reverse these problems. That's not how brains get to peak performance. Uh they really do need a journey where ketones are routinely delivered into the space uh and glucose comes down, especially that average glucose comes down. What an incredible overview and explanation. I know that's going to help so many people and I just thank you for for going through that. If you've heard me talk on other podcasts before, you know that I believe that tracking your glucose and optimizing your metabolic health is really the ultimate life hack. We know that cravings and mood instability and energy levels and weight are all tied to our blood sugar levels. And of course, all the downstream chronic diseases that are related to blood sugar are things that we can really greatly improve our chances of avoiding if we keep our blood sugar in a healthy and stable level throughout our lifetime. So, I've been using CGM now on and off for the past 4 years since we started Levels and I have learned so much about my diet and my health. I've learned the simple swaps that keep my blood sugar stable like flax crackers instead of wheat-based crackers. I've learned which fruits work best for my blood sugar like I do really well with pears and apples and oranges and berries, but grapes seem to spike my blood sugar off the chart. I'm also a notorious night owl and I've really learned with using Levels how if I get to bed at a reasonable hour and get good quality sleep, my blood sugar levels are so much better and that has been so motivating for me on my health journey. It's also been helpful for me in terms of keeping my weight at a stable level much more effortlessly than it has been in the past. So, you can sign up for Levels at levels.link/health, get access to a continuous glucose monitor and the Levels software that helps you really dial into a lot of these strategies for your life and your body. One framing that I I love is is that in many ways the body is a pharmacy in its own right. You know, it can produce things based on stressors and inputs that we put on it or conditions that we put on it. Like a deep diaphragmatic breath can have you, you know, squeeze out some more acetylcholine or whatnot or get the vagus nerve to to make certain things, you know, it's just it's a you can support the microbiome to make more serotonin, etc., etc. And I hear what you're saying is that like you can put conditions around yourself that make your body a producer of ketones, which in an essence is a medicine. It's a it's a healing chemical. It's a chemistry force that can be positive for the body. And so and and which is sort of like makes sense from what you're saying of like you can't do it every 3 weeks and have a little flash. It's like it wouldn't work if you were on a medication and took it once every 3 weeks. So, how are you going to create a condition in which you're actually constitutively getting this? And my question for you is what is it about this molecule, these ketone or several molecules that are beneficial for the body? Is it the way they're impacting the mitochondrial health? Is it the anti-inflammatory benefit? You you talk about how fat fuel out performs carbohydrate fuel. Like what is actually happening when you make these ketones that's positive for our cellular health? Yeah, so when I explain metabolism, it is actually a really advanced discussion. The more you It's one of those uh uh topics that the more I understand, the more I realize, okay, I I just don't know anything. Uh but to give it to patients and say, well, how do I help them frame why I'm asking this this uh for for a different chemistry set? For if you want me to get you off these prescriptions, I know that's that's a nice talk and there's lots of folks out there saying, "I stopped my meds. I stopped my meds." I'm like, "How long and how are the numbers behind the scene?" Uh when you look at what a ketone body does, yes, it can be used as fuel. Uh that is one major component that we store uh we store fuel as strings of glucose called glycogen and we store fuel as fat. Uh when the glycogen storage or the glucose is empty or is in short supply that it it needs to offer another option, this fat molecule can be think of it as unspun into uh a fuel called a ketone. When that ketone is in circulation, it does more than just offer a fuel. It is a signaling agent. It is a molecule that talks to other other parts of our system and our body that um it is an antioxidant. It can, you know, grab that rogue electron and and and you know, and stabilize it, take it out of the destruct- destructive mode of crashing into things and pull it back into that that space of uh of energy. Uh it also um well, ketones in circulation beget more ketones. They they signal that the mitochondria in the liver should be making ketones. Uh as as uh we may or may not have disclosed at the beginning, I have um I I started out with a book that I didn't want to write. And then I tried to reach for products that I couldn't find in predictable uh formulas that stayed the same and didn't have a bunch of fillers in them. So, I ended up making a product. And then I made a couple more products. And some of those products are the exogenous ketones that you can swallow, add to the circulation, and um and and they can be used therapeutically. Uh that those exogenous ketones, one of my favorite uh ways to use them is if you've worked with human beings, they'll do great for a while. And then their old habits show up again. And as much as I would like them all to be the offspring of uh James Clear and the atomic habit of stacking new habits on the next ones and getting better, uh yeah, they don't exist in real world. They need to fall off the wagon and get back on and fall off the wagon and get back on. And what you'll find is they're like, "It's just so hard to do. I don't want to do that again." Well, the truth is the first time you go keto, it there is a there's a an awakening of those mitochondria. They have they're kind of rusty. They haven't used ketones in a while. It could be slow to say, "Are you for real? Are these ketones actually here? Are we going to Are we going to use them?" And so the mechanics of how to turn it into energy can be a little rusty. But as you stay in ketosis, you I mean, in within 3 or 4 days, you really can see a transition in how you feel. And then when they fall off again, those glucose uh gears are ready and waiting for you to go back to the old way you were you were doing. So, when they when they carb binge or they have a bunch of booze or they do some things that would take them out of ketosis, um well, they end up with no ketones in circulation. To add them back exogenously before they cut the cord and go back to what they're supposed to be doing is an a brilliant transition difference that has really helped people get back on the wagon. Just sip ketones for 2 days, draw a line in the sand that you're going to go back to 20 total carbohydrates per day on this day. And in the 2 days prior to that, I need you to drink in some ketones. Because those ketones in will stimulate the production of ketones out of your mitochondria in the liver. So, now you've got the mechanics that when you drop the carbs, it's not going to hurt like that again. Uh the other things that uh we know there are, you know, histone deacetylase system uh, that say the way you wind up DNA and and then wind it back together in its tight little, uh, you know, coils, uh, that matters. And when you don't do it well, your body makes mistakes. And so, we know that there are some excellent, um, augmentations when a state of ketosis is the is the chemistry bath that your cells are in when they are replicating, when they are doing things. one of the, benefits, dangers of being on YouTube since 2011 is that people say, "Boy, you look different than you used to." I'm like, well, I've aged. Um, but what they tell me is, "Well, you've aged backwards." So, I think, well, what a great testimony to say when my cells divide, they're in a bath of ketones most of the time. And, um, my my metabolism is closer to Willie's than it is to David when he was 40 or 50. Um, but I've birthed children. So, I have a I have a chemistry set that has some hormones in it that make it I have to be I have to be pretty strict at how at how I eat, how often I eat, and when I eat, um, in order to keep that that, uh, good flexibility of turning ketones on and off in my system, uh, in order to gain Well, do I have any skin cells that are dividing today? Probably. Are those skin cells using Are they in a bath of ketones or are they in a bath of a bunch of blood sugar? Uh, and that inflammatory state versus anti-inflammatory state, well, that kicks the crap out of any acai berry antioxidant, you know, apple cider vinegar stuff that patients say, "I'm sure I'm getting better. I'm having a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar." I'm like, you're totally kidding yourself. It's not doing anything. You got to change your behavior. So, when I when I look at, uh, a ketone state, I really do look at it at the best aging health is that those cells have a constant, uh, at least within a 24-hour period access to some ketones. That is so interesting. Um, one question that comes up for me is just, you know, you mentioned less than 20 g of carbohydrates per day, and I'm curious if people, based on their finger prick readings and their glucose monitor readings, are able to stay with low glucose spikes, so, let's say, pretty much never going above 110 after meals, 110 mg per deciliter, and ketones are between, you know, 0.5 point 0.5 at baseline, maybe go up higher above one when they sleep or something like that. And I'm kind of asking about myself here, actually. So, I used to be vegan, um, and uh, I'm not anymore, but I was very focused on like a a very low glycemic vegan diet that really had pretty fairly low net carbs. I was eating a lot of like, you know, lupini beans and and beans that have very low net carbs, um, a lot of fiber, and I was able to keep glucose pretty much 24 hours a day under 110, my insulins two to three, uh, triglycerides are 45, you know, just like everything was looking good, but I was definitely eating more than 20 g of carbs a day. So, my main question here is and I was intermittent fasting, you know, or, you know, time restricted feeding, not eating late, and sometimes doing more extended fasts. If people can keep these numbers with a higher carb diet, slightly higher carb, very thoughtfully chosen higher carb diet, do you think that that's what really matters? Is the fact that you're generating the outcome of a body bathed in ketones, or is it truly the large percentage of fat in the diet and the very low net carbs that also is important, or is it the outcome? Does that make sense? Yeah, I hear I hear what you're saying. Um, I I look at that as, um, So, what I hear you saying, let's see if I've got the story straight. You're the during the time when you're eating, there's more more than 20 carbs per day, but your continuous glucose monitor stays 120 or less. Yeah, I'm basically saying there's probably there are people who are going to be able to get to ketogenesis potentially on higher carbs, which they can find because they're wearing a CGM and using a ketone monitor, and maybe blending it with really good food timing and whatnot. And so, is it more the outcome that you're looking for in a patient? Like the actual generation of ketones in the body that you can prove on a monitor and keeping glycemic variability low and average glucose low, and if if that may be on a slightly more liberal slightly more liberal diet with carbohydrates, is that okay in your mind, or is it the is it the keeping carbohydrates below 20 that actually in its own right is also important? Or, you know, have you had patients who have used technology to see what's kind of going on, and they're actually like, "Oh, I can actually tolerate 100 or 150 g of carbohydrates a day and still keep these outcomes, um, ketone production and low glucose and low insulin?" So, let's answer the question specific for your metabolism. So, have you ever had, uh, a weight problem? Have you been, say, 50 outside of pregnancy, 50 lb overweight uh, for more than 6 months? I actually have, yeah. I would I was tipping the scales over 200 when I was in eighth grade. I was I was a very overweight child, yeah. Okay, so then when did the weight come off? The weight came off when I was 15. Um, I got really into nutrition and dropped the weight and became an athlete, and then I actually gained weight again when I was in college, and then dropped it again in my early 20s, and then I've basically been a stable weight since I was 22, and now I'm 35 and have not had kids. Okay, okay, so give me the the weight gain in college. So, the metabolism at that peripubertal, uh, tells about some stress and some changes, uh, that you reset, uh, is a you can do some life predictions at that point. So, now tell me what happened in college. How high did the weight go and how long was it on? It went back up to probably about 50 lb overweight both times, and then dropped it twice, and then and then learned about metabolic health and basically was able to has I've been able to keep it, um, but I keep it stable, but it's definitely work, you know, I've devoted my life to this field and really focus my diet on making sure that the the glucose readings, you know, stay stay low, um, and that my insulin always stays low. And so, be and and that I'm generating ketones, and I check my ketones almost every day. So, that that is now what dictates sort of my diet. What I'm doing is reverse engineering what the chemistry is going on in the background. So, in your baseline ketones, what numbers do you usually find first thing in the morning? First thing in the morning, if I'm really dialed, I they're usually around like And again, my diet is now not not vegan, but, um, I would say like 0.9 to 1.5. So, that's a perfect number, and then what was the glucose when that happens? 75 to 85. Okay, so now go to, uh, less than perfect season. If I'm if I'm like on vacation and not doing a great job with just sort of like drinking a little bit more and kind of eating more restaurant food, my ketones will be like 0.1 or 0.2. And then how high does morning fasting glucose go? If everything is off the rails, like it can get up to the high 90s. When all my stuff is dialed in, like it'll be 75 to 85. Right, so ever wake up with a triple-digit morning fasting sugar? Never ever? Ever. Okay, so that that's a huge predictor for where I separate insulin resistance. Like when they're, you know, when they dial it in, you can make anybody who is in good health, I mean, their mitochondria will rescue them. They will give the good numbers. They will have a Doc I call it a Doc Boz ratio. Again, I did not come up with that, but it's it is Doc and it's very helpful. Uh, when I was teaching my mom how to do this calculation of what is her her GKI, um, she had chemo brain. She couldn't think that well, and she's a brilliant woman, but like, oh God, Mom, what do you mean take it to one? And like too much. So, I said, "Okay, Mom, divide the big number by the little number, and I'll do the rest of the math for you." Well, that's the Doc Boz number. So, you take the glucose, and that's in, uh, deciliter milligrams per deciliter, and then you take the ketones, which is in millimoles per liter. So, that it's dirty math. Uh, you take the glucose divided by the ketones. So, when the Doc Boz ratio, um, would be above 100, people aren't losing weight. But when they can flex frequently in a week that their glucose, uh, is in that, um, you know, 60s, 70s, 80s, um, maybe 90s, and then their ketones are quick to rescue them, that they've got a good ratio, then I know their metabolism is strong and flexing. It's doing what Willie did. When they have a, um, when they have a history of insulin resistance, you'll see them dial in. And of course, they always want to show me great numbers, right? And I'm saying, "Yeah, but what happens when I'm not looking?" Go to the numbers when you're doing normal stuff, and especially when you go on vacation, uh, when you're not thinking about your metabolism, how high does your blood sugar go? Cuz we know the glucose is going to go into the or the ketones is going to go into the into the pot. Uh, but if that glucose in the morning stays in the double digits and doesn't go to triple digits, well, then I know we're in a healthier metabolism. And so, your question was, "Well, how many carbs can I have?" And I said, "The answer is enough to keep your morning numbers with a Doc Boz ratio of 80 or less says you're not building chronic disease. You're not, um, putting on weight. That um, they say, "Well, I am I am I doing that today?" I'm like, "I don't know. Check." So, that Dr. Boz's ratio is really this day-to-day data point that I know you mentioned insulin. I've actually fallen away from checking people's insulin because it's it's expensive. They need me to do it. Um and the two molecules that are most impacted by insulin, glucose and ketones. And I don't need one point of data. There's a great study out there looking at all the different ways that you can raise somebody's morning fasting insulin. And one of them is, you know, have a have a car ride. I'm like, "What do you think they're going to do to get to the lab? You know, have a bowel movement. Have a restless night's sleep." Well, okay. Just the number was so ridiculous. Like, "Okay, what do you think my patients are doing?" They're doing all of these things. So, what is the real insulin? Oh, you sat in the lab for an hour and a half and the lady took two pokes to get your your blood drawn. I'm like, "Okay, you just screwed it up." So, so quit it. And then it I mean, you do a craft insulin test. Now, I haven't actually personally tried to order this in a couple of years, but the last time I did this, they charged my patient $2,500 for the glucose yet for the glucose. And then you have to do the insulin with it, right? So, it's a 2-hour glucose tolerance test plus the insulin. But what it really was is they needed a I mean, I don't deny that their bill was justified because they needed a dedicated person with a timer to say, "You cannot wait an hour and a half. That screws this up. I need it at this at this time at this." And without the formula, I can't make sense of this. So, instead, well, let's let the patient keep track of it. Um let's let them show us what the numbers are. And well, let's teach them on YouTube about this ratio, which is really a GKI saying you got to have glucose and ketones. And they both need to have in this range that will predict is Casey going to gain weight in the pattern she's eating? I don't know. Check her Dr. Boz's ratio for a couple weeks. And then and do it when you're being real. You don't have to show me. You don't have to show the doctor. I don't I mean, I care, but I don't care. You care. And you're like, "Okay, if you're telling me that I need to give up that 3:00 meal every day because I'm now not 36, I'm 46. And I I've I body aged. And well, nobody told you, but now we need to do this differently." And so, I look at the the process of how I walk patients through the steps needed. You want to get better? Let me show you how I do this for patients. So, I I just wanted to make sure just for the take home for people listening for the Dr. Boz's ratio, it's fasting glucose over fasting ketones. So, first thing in the morning and you're looking for that to be under 100. Under 100 says you're you've got a good metabolism. You're finding the churn. If you're trying to reverse things, which is what most of the people coming to see me, if I look at a Dr. Boz's ratio of 80, that number they can lose weight. Okay? Every morning if you're trying to lose weight, you got to hit that number. Now, there are exceptions when people do that and they're not they're not losing weight. And those are we can explore that if you want to. If I'm looking to reverse a serious medical problem like an autoimmune disorder like I hate this word, but leaky gut. So, irritable bowel or a ulcerative you know, gut im uh gut permeability. So, it's leaking stuff back and forth, which is leaky gut. Everybody understands it, but that that takes some really good science. You got to have a good chemistry set to do that. It's not so much your microbiome. It's the what the cells on the inside need to do to repair you. Um that when I'm So, if I'm looking at one of those serious medical problems, you got to get to a 40 or less. And you got to hold that first thing in the morning every day every day every day. Uh it's hard to do without some of the things that you offer and that we offer. When I'm working with a seizure patient or a cancer patient, I get their Dr. Boz's ratio down to 20 or less. And that would be essentially glucose ketone index of one to one. So, if you've looked into that, that's that's hard to do, but it is it's where you heal. Um when I look at when I look at this, this is what really So, I I wrote this book that my husband baited me with. And and then all these patients wanted help. And I said, "Well, I can't I can't see them all." And so, I'm back to this problem where YouTube was going to fix my problems cuz I was just going to educate them on YouTube. Uh but the book really has a workbook a a very important part of the process is you understanding you. So, as they go through this, we you'll see here there's a beginner's phase. And so, when you ask that question of well, how many how many carbs can I get away with? I'm like, "Well, the beginner is going to have one answer." Beginner's phase is really how you are kind of coming up with that chemistry. You're getting people into this chemistry. And once they hit a ketosis state, dang, it's the easiest job ever. They do great. But then your body will adapt. And that's where people say, "I did that keto thing and it worked for a while, but then it didn't." I'm like, "So, the title of the book is keto continuum well, things change. Unless you're going 6 ft under, you're going to have to adjust as you age and as different seasons of life. If you birth a child, there's a different rule set afterwards that you're just going to have to be more strict if you want to be lean." Um that we I look at this section as what I call the baseline metabolisms where it really is time-restricted eating. That it is not 16:18. This one's an almost 16:8. Um um again, 16:8 is what this is supposed to say. Um the but if you look at number four, this two meals a day is what these 16:8 are. The boluses of food. I say that word on purpose because if you go back to what what David's eating pattern when he was 17, he had that thing called a snack. But it it sent his glucose up so high that you should call it a meal. And so, people say, "Well, I only eat two meals a day." And then you hear they they chew 15, you know, pieces of gum and they have a whole half a handful of Tic Tacs throughout the day and they they do all these things that are stimulating what the body does when you put things in your mouth that well, it didn't do anything to David when he was 17. But it would definitely do something to you. It would definitely do something to me and anybody else who's been overweight for more than 6 months. And I don't mean like 5 lbs overweight. I mean a significantly overweight. So, having this time-restricted eating with two boluses of food per day. You're an adult, you do not need three meals a day. Period. That is a myth. That is not true. Two meals a day putting in them putting them in in a certain period of time. And then, you know, as we get down here to a 23 and one, this little bitty line where people go from 16:8 to 23 and one doesn't happen in a little bitty line. It's a a little bit more narrow, a little bit more narrow, a little bit more narrow. And when we get to an advanced level of, you know, 23 and one, which would still be if like my eating window is probably about 4 hours in a day if I want to if I if I have if I had workouts, then I can be a little little more generous on my eating window. But you know, if I have a week like this and I'm well, some weeks if I only get a one workout in, I should have a tighter eating window if I don't want to gain weight. That's the formula. How do I know that formula? I check my chemistry. I can tell you that if I if I hop out of that and I do it for like three or four weeks in a row, guess what? I'm about 5 lbs up. And then if I go back to my that, then I'm about 5 lbs down. And so, I mean, that's not just me. That's patient after patient that taught me, "Oh, here's what you're doing. Yep, I see that." And you know, one of the ways that a physician can see that is these continuous glucose monitors. They really do. It just pulls back the veil. Show me the truth. I don't care. I'm not being a you know, it's not shameful. It's shameful that you've spent the last 15 years being told low fat, go exercise. And you're so stinking overweight and insulin resistant that that was never going to work until we fix this chemistry problem. Uh and your 15 medications are a a result of not understanding this metabolism issue. Um but you'll you'll notice in here that this part here is stressing the metabolism. So, there are many people who cannot they cannot tighten up their eating window any further in the social world they have. Meaning, every time I take my eating window down to two hours, my husband gets ticked off. And why don't you eat with the family? And what are you doing? And so, there's social stuff. Okay? I I want to eat with the family. I have, you know, it's a very important social time. Uh I can't put another hour in my day. I don't I didn't get to a workout. Okay? So, there's there's certain levers that you can push to to one of them is the eating window. But then there's a time where you can completely remove eating. And so, this word fast is one of the metabolism stressors. Now, obviously you can go into a sauna. You can go for a workout. There are other ways to stress your metabolism. But when you're using food consumption and the timing of it, well, baseline metabolisms is where I ask people to live. Um and then I ask them to stress their metabolism metabolism intermittently. Once they can find the rhythm that says, "All right, if I keep it in this zone, it doesn't tick off the people I love. I actually can stick to it, but I do have to make a bunch of ketones every once in a while to prove that my mitochondria are in good shape. I have to stress that mitochondria and really get that ketone production high enough that um that I it can carry my health. It can, you know, do its antioxidant. It can, you know, make those skin cells in the right chemistry set where the next ones are might be in a more glucose, that you can get the outcomes you're asking for. I think one of the things that's um so amazing about it is twofold. One is that it's it's all about the the body telling you the answers. I mean, it's like we can talk all day about how many carbs can I eat and is vegan okay, whatever, but it's like what's the chemistry in the body? Like it's I love your focus on measurement and, you know, and it really cuts through a lot of the noise, I think. It's like what is happening? That is what matters. And so, of course, we are believers in that at Levels as well, but I think that Yeah, and you know, but I also think that it is it is strict. It's like Yeah, no, I mean, just having, you know, glucose being 85 and ketones being, you know, 0.6, it's like it's not it's not might not be enough, you know, if you have certain goals. So, it's a mix of like your biology, your choices, but what are you actually striving towards? And I I love I just it's it's really amazing. So, thank you for all that. Um One thing I want I'm shifting gears a little bit. You know, one of the things that so many of our Levels members are motivated by in terms of improving metabolic health and sort of the doorway that leads them to the metabolic health world is concerned about healthy aging and specifically about the brain and Alzheimer's dementia. We're having so many simultaneous brain health epidemics rising right now across neurodegenerative disorders, neurodevelopmental disorders, and mental health disorders that all seem to be, you know, going up at the same time, which, of course, if you look at the newspaper, it's like, "Huh, why is this happening? It's so strange." It's like, you know, and obviously, we we are focused on the metabolic sort of trunk of that tree that has unfortunately not made it to the mainstream yet, but I'd love for you to talk specifically about the ketogenic diet as a tool for brain disorders of all kinds, you know, it kind of just generally like what how can he ketones help the brain? Um and how are these conditions related? And what is is there data that's suggesting that like this can be a tool to help with prevent or reverse some of these issues in the across that sort of brain spectrum. So, a very broad question, but I'd love for you to speak to it cuz I know you've produced so much amazing content and even publications on this. Yeah, you know, um again, my my tapestry was to offer peak brain performance for patients, right? And when I wasn't really using the metabolic um I mean, I could tell them they needed better sleep and I knew that was really important and I knew that being overweight was a predictor of their brain aging too fast, uh that their A1C, the higher it got, the more likely they were to have a brain disorder. But I didn't put this in the as the baseline for how all of my brain patients Well, if you want if you have a brain, you should have it first have ketones in in circulation if you're trying to age it without those dementia risks. And it doesn't mean zero, but it means the best way we know to control that is that even in people with mild cognitive impairment, which you remember that uh that that 25 point or no, 30 point uh uh test where you have the patient draw a clock and you ask them all these questions and then you say, "Okay, if you've got a 25 or above, you're going to you're going to have uh normal, but if you get 25 or below, uh we start to call it mild cognitive impairment." And as soon as it's even a few more points under that, we call it dementia. Well, when they studied people looking at Well, they're aging, but they are right on the edge of that mild cognitive impairment. And they added uh medium-chain triglycerides. Now, they did this knowing that there are two specific chains of fat, one that's eight carbons long and one that's 10 carbons long. So, uh you know, medium-chain triglyceride C8 and medium-chain triglyceride C10, uh and those readily cross the blood-brain barrier and become fuel options for your brain cells, for the astrocytes and the oligodendrocytes, uh these these metabolism uh fuel sources were uh are not limited uh in many ways like the glucose is. Ketones are also able to cross that blood-brain barrier without um without limitations. Or with different limitations than what a glucose molecule would have. So, the people in this study were they were glucose dependent and they had they were pretty naive to um the medium-chain triglyceride oils. Uh and they started these mild cognitive impairment patients on uh I think it was like 30 and then 45 g, which is of oil a day that was these that were these specific chains that they knew would cross the blood-brain barrier. Well, they had to get past the third day without so much diarrhea that they gave up. So, there was a big fallout rate when you start eating a bunch of fat and your body's not ready for it. But for the people who made it, uh their mild cognitive impairment was statistically back up to a normal rate um within 1 week of doing that. Meaning, what they uh what they postulate and what I am a believer of is that as you as you age a brain in a fuel uh uh chemistry of glucose fuel all the time, uh it becomes resistant. That's what insulin resistance it doesn't use that glucose as uh as it should. It doesn't get into the cell as it's supposed to. And so, the cell is starving. It can't get the fuel it's supposed to. But it would use a fuel like ketones or a fat uh if it could get access to it. And so, when you flooded the system with it and it crossed that blood-brain barrier, there there first of all, their scans on SPECT scans, uh what was dormant, what was not functioning is back to functioning. And that correlated with their testing that they went from this mild cognitive impairment, which I don't want that ever cuz it's the next step is dementia. Uh that mild cognitive impairment went back up to normal functioning within a week. Within a week. I don't have a med that works that fast. And so, to me, that was the I mean, not only is that um you know, people the next question or next what most physicians would be asking is is it safe? Is it safe to do this? Like, let's go to the kids whose brains were riddled with seizures. Uh so so much that they put them in the hospital and says, "You failed Depakote. You failed lithium. We're going to have your whole family admitted to the hospital and you're going to be known as the ketone kids." That you had to be on a ketogenic diet and they were really compliant because in a state of ketosis, the this section of kids stopped having seizures. And as soon as that chemistry shift changes, and I'd like to say it a different way, as soon as the fuel that was the anti-inflammatory, that was the readily available was missing in their brain, they seized. And yeah, if you've ever seen one of these EEGs, they have like hundreds of seizures a day. Like, how are you counting all that? I mean, that's there there's so many seizures in a day that one seizure destroys a bunch of brain cells. How do you recover from a hundred of them in a day for 2 years? Okay, so these kids have just rotten luck that their brains were that destroyed and then they get on a ketogenic diet and they stop having seizures. And of course, they're not perfect at first, but they get to the point where dang straight, I did not go off this diet because I have a seizure, I pee my pants in front of my friends, and life is not good for another 2 weeks cuz I'm post-concussive. Okay, so now they age. And when I wrote my book in 2015, there had been a couple of autopsies put into the literature of the brains of the people at autopsy that were the ketosis kids. They had gotten into their 90s, 80s or 90s, whatever it was, and died and they were in the study. The kind of study that I like, which is not run by a drug company and is not funded by this person and is not corrupted by that person. The guy dies and we look at an autopsy and the people who start the study, well, they're dead because it's a life, you know, they started it when they were in their 60s and then they passed it along and now these people are dying and we get to look at their autopsy and I'm reading this report and saying, "Well, I have brain envy." And I don't have brain envy very often. Like, what Why Look at that. There there is no neurofibrillary tangles. They they do not have the divots and missing fat components that nicely insulated neurons are everywhere. And this isn't like a you know, a 30-year-old. It's a 90-year-old. Uh and is it in that story, you can you can hopefully read between the lines that what was happening through the years but constant state of ketosis is Well, these kids really did well. Uh there were other uh side benefits found in the next several autopsies, but uh when it pertains to brain health, um the safety data you have to look no further than putting these kids on it, and they were there for a lifetime. And we have autopsies at the end of their life saying, "Pristine, beautiful brains." And that um you know, and there's you know, many more of them that have added to the file since 2015. Uh as you look at that, um understanding though, when patients come to me and they have autism, or they have depression, or they have bipolar, or they have, you know, you know, wet brain, now dry brain cuz they're they're sober, but they have really had a hit to their brain from uh substance misuse, and um you know, other forms of mental health issues that turn into a rotten-looking brain. And they say, "Well, what would you do?" And And the answer is, "I would do what I am doing, which is fueling my brain with ketones every day in a way that I usually can deliver with a diet. Sometimes I will supplement if I'm being human, uh and you know, I've not eaten as well as I should. But the reason I do it is cuz well, I love what it does to my brain, and I I have some of the most incredible experiences with patients I mean, let's take the article that um I shared with you and you um have that Chris uh Palmer, a psychiatrist from Harvard, uh he and I'd been on stage a few times, and uh it it again, it was one of those places where I was so comforted by somebody else saying what I was doing. And I was like, "I'm not going to be first again. Somebody else say it. I'll I'll first." And when he did, I was like, And then, if you've ever been to one of these conferences, the people come or swarm around me, and they swarm around him. So, we get these like two-minute blurbs, and then figure later we're on stage. And let me get a two-minute blurb. Uh finally, I cornered him and said, "I just want to tell you about this case." Um so, I I'm a big proponent of support groups. Um this comes from the data uh in my private clinic where uh I took care of lots of brain people, but some of the most difficult um stories and the saddest funerals were the brains that didn't make it out of substance abuse. And from mothers to grandmothers to teachers that just couldn't kick the habit. Uh it became this place where I anything I could do to do better, that was the pain of those funerals still haunts me. Could I have done better? Could we have done something different? And um so, I have my own electronic medical record, and I'm very data-driven, and so I go back to see who are the people that made it 5 years sober. And what what medication was I using? Did I give them a Vivitrol shot for 6 months, or did I do it for 18 months? Was it that they, you know, was it this antidepressant? Was it that you know, was it uh TMS before uh the 6 month, or was it after? I was looking for something that was going to cut down the line, and I found it. Like, "Oh my gosh, look at the outlier." Look at that every single one of the people in the 5-year mark of sober, they did. And the answer was not me. It was they attended the support group. They looked in the eyes of other people and said, "Yeah, I screwed it up. Uh here's how I got back on the wagon. Uh here's what they were in relation. They were triggering mirror neurons, which are the cells in our brains that copy behavior. And when you grow up in a environment where you don't see a behavior, and now you're being asked as an adult to use it, the only option, the only way that brain can learn it is to watch it in another person before they can activate it in themselves. And that's, you know, the group was the number one separator. I mean, it was it was not even close. It makes it look embarrassing that they even came to me. They should have just gone to group. Cuz that was the defining. Like, if you want to learn a new behavior, you have got to be in relationship with other people who are working on it, too. And you've got to show up with a little grace for yourself, and know that the grace for others and yourself are always the same. So, if you're being nice to them, uh and you're not being nice to yourself, you're lying to one of you. That joy of improvement and sharing out-trumped everything we were doing. And so, when I look at um the support group, I um I host the support group. And you can say it's selfish, cuz how do you get a support group of keto people? Uh but it also came out of a little bit of desperation. When I was living in South Dakota, I had a a a wonderful Brazilian woman who was a little bit crazy one day, and wanted me wanted to become my patient. And this was at the time where I cannot take on one more patient. My staff would kill me. We were so far behind. I needed a a helper and like anybody ever needed a helper, and it was just in a season where that wasn't in the budget, and how do I keep going? And she wanted to see me for a keto diet ketogenic diet. I'm like, "You don't need to see me for a ketogenic diet. Just read the book." And she goes, "You need to teach a class, and I'll be your first student." And there was something about that where if you've ever had these moments in life where you know you should say no, but there is just something where the God takes over and makes you say yes. And I So, I said, "Okay. I'll I'll I'll lead a support group for keto." And by golly, well, that's where David showed up. David actually never saw me as a patient. He was only a a um a person who came to the support group. And uh so, I I start the support group when I moved to Tampa, and this lady drives 2 and 1/2 hours to come to the support group uh that starts at 8:00 on a Tuesday morning at the bowling alley across the parking lot from here. And she is just so thankful that the that the uh that she can come and ask questions, and she's got this daughter who's a Downs has Down syndrome. And her daughter has been has lost over 100 lb at this point on a low-carb diet. But well, if you've ever taken care of Down syndrome, they have it's like their brain ages metabolically like three times the rate the rest of us And especially most of my Down patients have had an obsession of some sort. I remember the first one uh was they were obsessed with eating carrots. And the mother's like, "No, no, no." So, she said, "Why do you think my son is orange?" And her son is like a 35-year-old Down syndrome patient. Uh a patient with Down syndrome, and I like, "I don't know why your son is orange. Come back next week. I got to look it up. I have no idea." I mean, I'm like a month in the practice. And I'm looking I'm looking I'm looking, and I call her and say, "Does he eat carrots?" And she goes, "Oh, yeah. If I don't lock the front door, I'll I've found him down the street at the grocery store eating the carrots out of the out of the grocery store." I tell the story because it's this obsession. It's like an addiction where they have to eat it. They have to eat it. And once they get in the cycle, they're going to the like you got to lock the fridge. So, fast forward, then her daughter has Down syndrome, and and has deteriorated significantly. She has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's. She was, I think, 42 years old at the time. uh a few years prior, when the diagnosis was on the edge of and, you know, going from mild cognitive impairment to dementia, now it is absolutely Alzheimer's. You can't reverse this. She's going to die with this. she was full-time care. Had gone from living in the house, doing the family chores, being a functional part of the church and and the home life of the family, it's to now really ornery um just the mood shift that comes with Alzheimer's. And um you know, it's really sad story, and the caregiver exhaustion was everywhere. So, Mom had resources built around, and had gone on the ketogenic diet, lost about 80 lb herself, and needed to lose probably another I don't know if it was 30 or 40 lb, but she comes to the support group for that. And she does what I tell her, and she loses the weight, and within a couple weeks, she goes, "Do you think my daughter could do this?" And I said She told me the story, and I said, "If she does it, you have got to check her fingers. You have got to check her numbers and keep track of things." Well, she is nothing if not methodical, and did that. And within 6 weeks, this woman who had already lost 100 lb on low-carb, so that means there weren't ketones around. I mean, maybe sporadically, but nothing like what we were measuring. I need you to measure her ketones every day. I need you to measure her glucose every morning. This is not a negotiation. You have to do this if I'm going to help you with this. And 6 weeks of persistent and documented and she goes back in to her doctor to be tested for like uh some level of something, and she was back to testing at her baseline. Uh she was off of the antidepressant. She was off of the memory, um medications at 6 weeks. Uh because her continents came back, her ability to interact with people came back. Uh I mean, it's like she she reversed age and was back to her baseline Down syndrome. And then her mom says, "But it's even better. My daughter has never used a three-syllable word. It's not in her brain to do that." And I asked her the other day, "Do you Do you get it? Do you get it?" And she replied, "I understand." And the mother wept. She was "Her brain has never worked this well." So I told Chris this story and Chris Palmer, the psychiatrist, and he's like, "You have to write that up." I'm like, "I got I need that like I need a hole in the head. That's a nightmare of a job. I'm not doing that." And he goes, "Yes, you are. I'll do it with you." I'm like, "Oh, I'm a sucker." So he helped me just get connected and there were a couple people in the editing process that were really nice to me saying, "You can't do that in the paper. You got to use this. You got to do that." I'm like, "I don't know." So anyway, we got this published and it really did turn out well. It it forced me to read through her file and confirm all of the things that were that were happening before I ever met her. And then I got a Christmas card from her this past year. And mom still comes to group probably once a month. So I get updates on her, but the the patient wrote me this letter and it's you know, it's probably a third-grade writing. But she wasn't even able to do that for years. Not only has she continued to stay on the the better side of a brain function, but her cognition has continued to improve. But it is based on a mother who loves her daughter and makes sure she's in ketosis. I mean, they check their numbers together every morning. And mom says, "You don't know what it's like to have your your daughter disappear into this body and outcome this you know, the monstrous version of her that's got emotions and it's got dysfunction and it's got anger and she doesn't and no one can praise and love like a mother, but I'm struggling." And she's back and she's better than ever. So I'm in ketosis for life. It's a such a heartwarming that I if there was ever a brain story that needs to win, like the most shared brain story, that should be I have shivers. I just that was that is so so so beautiful. Um Mhm. It's it's incredible. Because you will talk to I think a lot of doctors who will go their entire career without ever having an experience like that or a story like that. Like a true true reversal. I mean, most of us I think the best we can hope for is management of a current level of health and even that is sometimes wishful thinking or a slower progression of decline. You know, that's that's sort of like that's sort of like winning in the medical system as or I feel like how we're trained. And so this is incredible. Um and I'm imagining you see this type of thing all the time. Yeah, I mean, that's an extreme case of somebody who said, "You're on my no list. You have Alzheimer's. We can't reverse that." Yeah. And then it's in a Down's a Down patient patient with Down syndrome. And I wonder if you could speak to kind of in we we we sort of covered that's a beautiful example of the neurodegenerative sort of part of the spectrum. What have you seen in terms of more the mental health focus? So depression, anxiety, maybe bipolar, things like that. And then also the neurodevelopmental I I saw one of your videos on ADHD and I think it's really interesting to hear about maybe both in relation to children and adults. Um If if you've had just just any thoughts on sort of like dietary interventions as first-line foundational treatment for mental health and neurodevelopmental. Um You know, I think for a lot of people this might be the first time they'd ever even thought about that or heard of that. So what what kind of results have you seen? What what's the science say? Yeah, I think as as a practicing clinician, you you love it when you can find a study that comes and supports what you're doing. Uh but many times in my 20-plus years of seeing patients, there's something happening in front of you that you're trying to recognize and then replicate. And um I mean, I've been screening for depression from the first day I left the track of becoming an ICU doctor and said, "I'm going to be home for my kids." And that means my my husband likes to say, "You went from being one of the highest reimbursed physicians to the lowest and we still have the same medical school bills." I said, "Yes, but our kids won't be in rehab as much." I don't know if that's true. the beauty is that primary care outpatient had so much depression when I got there. Like, "Oh my word. Look at all this stuff." I mean, it really I I remember thinking at about 6 weeks like, "I would do just about anything for an intubated patient." And because they couldn't complain about their mental health. Like, "What the heck? I'm an internist. Why am I doing And what I realized is I cannot improve their their health if their brain is doing this. And I was in a leadership course at the time where was really empowering us to take control of the things that are the most irritating to us. And it was like somebody gave me permission to help them. I'm like, "Oh, well, let's do this. Let's formulate that." So every patient got a PHQ-9 from that point on. And I think it was like 350 of them before I got one that wasn't severely or moderately depressed. This is just standard primary care practice. Just like all comers. And it's getting worse, right? I mean, these depression rates in teens are just going up astronomically. Like, okay, so you're seeing like fairly universal depressive symptoms. Right. And so then you start throwing Prozac, Paxil, Zoloft, Lexapro, Wellbutrin, Cymbalta, Effexor, all these all these meds. And you say, "Okay, you're not going to feel a dang thing for at least 10 days. And then you're going to come back to see me in a month and we might be able to see a separation, but everybody else says it's 6 weeks before we can see anything. And you're just going to trust me that I know what that this is going to help you." And of course, the only way you know it's helping you is if the PHQ-9 got better and that means they didn't have anorgasmia or whatever else was affecting their body and brain. And then comes the ketogenic diet where I I would have girlfriends. Okay, so my practice is in South Dakota was closed. I cannot take on another patient. My staff will go will revolt if I take on one more person. and my girlfriends would come to me saying, "Um would you just write me an antidepressant?" I said, "I'll do it, but you should really just pee ketones for 3 weeks and watch what happens." So this is where the the story started for me personally where I was like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." But I'm seeing something in front of me. And again, this is 2015. I can't quite make sense of this. I can't find any good literature of anybody else. I hadn't met Chris Palmer yet. And the what would happen is I'm like, "I know it sucks. Just give up the damn carbs, 20 total or less. Take these ketone strips, pee on them. I'll send the script in. But just don't pick it up for 10 days. Watch what happens." And they did not pick it up. They're like, "I can't believe how much better I am." I'm like, "Yeah, it was such a remarkable difference." And again, I'm saying here, "Write this script. I'll see you at Christmas." Uh because it's going to take a while and you're going to have side effects. We're going to change the dose. We're going to change the diet. You're going to have a fight with your husband and think it's the pill's fault. And no. Uh this You're just wasting time. Trust me. Pee ketones for for 2 weeks and watch what happens. uh so so that was my first like, "Okay, I need to make a rule that I'm not going to keep writing this unless you are really continuing to A, come to support group and I know you're there because I'm there. Uh and B, continue to get back to a ketogenic state as as frequently as you can. you know, that's where exogenous ketones were a place where if they got out of funk, take some until you can get the rules can you you can find that rhythm of life again. We've all been in and out of rhythm that it really is once you get into this habit of really this is how I play it, I can keep it. But when you fall out, you're kind of like, "Okay, but I need ketones in order to get your brain working right. So trust me on this. Don't don't get away from that. We can chemically induce your ketones much like I'm going to chemically induce a reuptake inhibition with Prozac. Trust me on this. This is better." And so that was step one. Then the then the ADHD literature like as adults are profoundly on uh stimulants. I will not write for them unless they are in a state of ketosis. Like, "You find another doctor to play this game cuz I'm not your girl. I will not write for a stimulant unless you're in a constant state of ketosis. That your brain is you are not helping yourself with taking that long-term unless you're in a state of persistent ketosis and I need evidence. I'm not saying, "Yeah, I pee ketones. Look at last week." No. I I need a continuous glucose monitor. I need you all following things. I need you reporting in on your Keto-Mojo app that I can see you've got ketones in And really, um the number of prescriptions I needed to write became very unlikely. I I also am the mother of teenage boys. Uh now, the the youngest is 17, but I have 17, 20, and 22. And so, in this last season of watching them and their friends age through that, you know, rapid brain development, and especially boy brains doing the most um maturity from 16 through 25, uh I mean, it's been a profound gift for my kids that uh our family became a very ketogenic family when my mother was uh faced with a life-or-death, "Mom, you're going to be in ketosis, or you're going to die." Um and that story is what Anyway You Can is about. It's about 70% story, 30% science, which is usually just enough for people to stay focused all the way to the end. Uh and so, my kids by accident have um had their deepest brain development in a time where Were they always in ketosis? No, but they are not metabolically ill. They are metabolically strong and healthy, and um and I feel it's a gift that I would have never done had I just kept seeing patients the way I was and doing what I was doing. Instead, I lost a bet to my husband, taught people about a ketogenic diet, have lived one for myself, and I was the mom who would go in and show, "Here's what your brain looks like when you drink alcohol and you're a teenage boy. And this is what it is 4 days later. And now, look at my Alzheimer's patient. You are worse than my Alzheimer's patient when it comes to drinking alcohol during such rapid brain development." And then I'll show them pictures of, "And here's what happens when you smoke marijuana. Here's what happens on day two. Here's what day four. And then when you quit, 40 days later, here's still what's happening. 80 days later, here's still what you did. It is a fat-soluble molecule that goes into the brain, and it stays in the fat cells of your brain for 90 days." Period. Yeah. So, I was that mom, right? And showing brain scans and doing all these uh educations for my kids because if their friends heard it, um then they heard it. But, what was more powerful was um how many of my How many of my kids uh friends were suffering. And my kids would recognize, "Boy, Mom, it's just They all they eat is carbs, and then their energy goes way up, and then it goes way down, and they're calling it ADHD." But, it's to- They They have sugar in their pocket so that every 2 hours they can eat. And of course, we've seen this as clinicians that, you know, like, "God, you eat all the time. What the heck? You got to stop. Um You mean, you get up in the middle of the night to eat. What do you think is There's a problem here." And so, I I was very attracted to um I think it was a psychiatrist last name is Eads, but I'm forgetting her first name. And she's uh connected to Chris Palmer somehow, but maybe it was just that we met on stage at the same time, but her rule as a psychiatrist is, "I will not write a stimulant for a child unless you have put them on a low-carb um whether or not she called it keto, I can't remember, but it was get the processed foods out, get the sugar out. When that mood is going up and down and And your ketones are not are not in They're They're not flex- You don't have a flexible metabolism. You go to zero, and they starve, and they get crabby and irritable. And so, personally, I I can't believe how many of the antidepressants I've stopped, and I'm I think the drug companies are uh you know, I I know them. They are wonderful people. I get that they have a job to do, but I think it is a a tragedy that it is not better educated that your brain prefers ketones. And when you fuel it like that, it works like a superpower. We are the most advanced brain on Earth, and when you fuel it correctly, it is quickly recovered. Yeah, I mean, it's um it's devastating, the brain stuff, because it's like like you just said, it's like we've been gifted with this miraculous, you know, mind and brain, and all it wants is just fuel so it can create magic for us every day, for this beautiful life that we have. Like, it's just ready. It knows how to create magic, and then we put it in the standard American diet, and we sleep deprived, and we do all this stuff, and this beautiful machine creates, you know, what can be such a painful, devastating life experience of, you know, loss of For me, you know, actually when I was in my surgical residency and was almost certainly metabolically dysfunctional and, you know, just a mess, and my I what I what I described to my parents I was like, it felt like I was thinking in color, and now I'm thinking in black and white. And I didn't have creativity, and my mood was very just flat. And it's like, you know, it was an under-fueled brain. It just was. And then once, you know, got out of that, and the the fuel was better, and I was putting better It comes back, you know? And so, it's just Yeah, it it's just devastating, and it There are it's and this this moral hazard with the health with the pharmaceutical industry. Like, and I'm I'm with you. I know a lot of really wonderful people in that industry. It's not that the people are bad. It's that the incentives are bad because these are publicly traded companies that are designed to grow. And the only way you grow companies that are making medications for chronic disease is by, you know, there needs to be chronic disease. And so, it's just it's so interesting, and um that's why honestly, thinking about things like media, YouTube, podcasts, like other ways to get this information out, it's so important. And it's not surprising that there's a lot of your videos that have millions of views because, you know, people are look are hungry, but it's not it's not coming through the mainstream. So, I just so commend you. And uh I I think maybe just to wrap us up here, I we have so many So, the core sort of demographic of Levels members is actually women ages like 35 to 55, which is kind of people think that's surprising cuz they're like, "Oh, I thought it was like young biohacker men, maybe." And it's actually it's a our our primary, you know, people are interested in the company is that age group. And so, a lot of mothers. Um and I'm and I think a big question that people have, I'm sure it comes up with you a lot in your practices, how the heck do I get my kid to eat anyway other than the standard American diet? How do we create a culture in the family where people are into this? Like, how do with kids going off to preschool, and they're serving graham crackers and fig Newtons and juice, which is to me just astonishing that that's legal, but um like, what would you say to a family who's listening to this and and thinking, I could never get my kid to eat this way. I could never get my family eat this way. Like, what is step one, two, and three for for thinking through that that that element of behavior change in a family? Right. Well, so as one strong woman talking to another strong woman, I would tell the women out there to remember that you're the matriarch, that across the globe, the matriarchs rule in a family. It's to run the food, and will be the personality of the family. There is a role for patriarch, and they are a different role. But, I think especially as women, uh and women that have done some pretty brave things, you know, I I left the family farm. I was not going to do that. I became a doctor. And I thought strong women were the ones who, I don't know, boss people around. Uh and it turns out I shouldn't be doing that at home, uh or I'm not going to have a marriage for very long. But, I do have absolute um authority over the food and the uh personality of our family. And when you study families, that is that is a role that um it's not woke. It is truly a traditional model of what happens inside a family unit. And I would encourage women to embrace that, that mhm I have a prayer that I say that I am an 80-year-old woman who does CrossFit so I can play with grandkids, and I'm still married to the same man. And I'm hard to live with, so that prayer is definitely going to take God to do this. But, that I also honor what my role is for this family to be the best health it can be, not because I'm a doctor, but because I own the matriarchal roles in a family, which means you buy the groceries. You choose the foods. The options in front of your kid don't involve cereal because you don't buy that. That you are the mother. The reason you care about this more than them is cuz you're the matriarch. It's designed in you to be passionate about this. And it is your role to lead the family in a way that you need to be empowered by. And yes, it will be a fight. It's what happens when you withdraw from sugar. They're going to be crabby. But, my son is a a example that he's the youngest and he's a wrestler. The other two are not wrestlers. They followed their mother's rules and did debate. No head injuries. Um, but this wrestler now needs to make weight. And he doesn't like sardines any more than the next guy. But I would I would challenge you to call him and say, "What's in your backpack today?" Not cuz he likes sardines, but because that mother was around saying what was true. Look, the carbs are going to slow down your brain. The carbs are going to put you to sleep in this in the period right after lunch. And yes, you can't always control what's going on in a preschool right now, but you control what happens in your home. And then as those kids age and you think it's teenage years and they're not listening to you, they're listening and they're following you. And when they have a mother who pays attention to the label and the processed part of foods and doesn't buy the crap that she doesn't want them to eat and takes on the fight, takes on the role to say, "You want to know what a strong woman is? She stands bravely and says, 'This is my role in the family and I'm going to do a good job of it.'" That's what I'd tell women. Woof. Wow, that's that's I mean, I feel like in this day and age for better or oddly that's like a that's like a very um bold statement to make, you know? And I but I I think there's so much importance to it. And I just speaking personally, like I don't have children yet, but I I dream of that, you know? I I mean, obviously my life is metabolic health, you know? But like it excites me in a way to think about being in that role of this protector of the nutrition of the you know, these bodies that you've created in your body. And like I think a lot about, you know, not to get too off track here, but just like just this privilege and honor I have to to to grow these bodies, you know, in my and what environment is that going to be and how do I at 35 prepare for that now, you know? And like create the best conditions, that chemistry set for both that that growth and then when they're out, you know, to continue that through strong what I would say like moral leadership with around food like in a family. And it's just um like there's a lot of industries and a lot of people and uh I would be at industries, I would say that really want us to question that, you know? Like and to to feel like it's actually wrong to have strong feelings around food, that that's going to harm your kid in some way. Like, you know, like create disordered eating or this and that. And I think it's just you know, I think that the way you position it of like there kind of needs and and Kelly LeVeque, one of our advisors says as well, like there needs to be an adult in the room when it comes to food. Cuz otherwise every other force is going to basically try and use your child as a profit center. Like, how much processed food can we put in this? How many medications can we put in this unit, this person? And it's like I think when you understand those incentives of what is actually what are the forces that want your child to be sick, dependent and addicted? And then as a as your role as a parent, like how can you be that that protector in a way? And so it's complex, but um it's just beautiful how you laid it out and um honestly very motivating. So um it sounds like you mixed, you know, some philosophy, some really strength of will, some a lot of education with your kids is what I'm hearing. And then of course keeping the house environment as clean as possible in terms of food. Like are those some of the elements that you sort of think about or is there anything else like in terms of practical strategies for you know, what you do when the kids like are going to school or birthday party? Like any other pearls that you might recommend to to parents like if they've kind of got those bases covered, they're not buying the food, they're serving healthy meals, they're educating their kids and they have strong, you know, sort of sense of will and leadership around this. Like any other tips that you've that have worked well with parents to kind of make a transition to a healthier environment for the family? My favorite advice as a mom is I well, I was the sergeant. I raised boys. So uh as you look at boys and girls aren't different, uh but at the beginning it was very uh firm boundaries on what your job was. uh I remember one of my best friends had kids at the same time as me and she had girls, a boy in the middle, but three kids. And uh I had three boys and we meet each other about 10 years into, you know, reproduction and uh her three kids are sitting lovely and my uh boys walk in the room and I'm like, "Sit. Stay. No. Don't touch that." And she goes to her husband, "I think she thinks they're dogs." And I'm like, "You have no idea how hard it is. The whirlwinds of energy. And if you let up for a second, your house will be destroyed." Uh so I I I think everybody's personality comes into motherhood and mine was being very authoritative at the beginning. Um but then I really you know, the acts of service that you do in your community, your children will copy. So I became that mom and just said, you know, what do teenagers listen to? They they need humor and they need peer their peers. You know, humor and and playfulness and peers are the ways that you make a difference in teen years. And um so I was I tried to find ways into that uh part of I can't be the humor. I can't I can be uh you know, influence their peers by doing some of the things I volunteer to do in my community. And I I'll just tell you the that they're listening. They are listening. Um the seasons of life of raising kids is something I well, boy, I I you know, for the women who out there who want motherhood or in in any way they get it, whether it's adopting the neighbor's kid because she she's just overwhelmed uh in a in a time where they just need a helper or if it's your own children that there's nothing in my life that's been more rewarding, but also uh a time of truly looking at who am I as a as a woman and as a person. I mean, it's fun. I I see my behavioral flaws in all of them now. Uh but also that they they did adopt. I mean, especially as they left the home uh that they are they don't they won't tell me they're low carb, but they intermittent fast and they do the They don't talk to me about it. They talk to their dad. So I know they're very mindful. They know what the rules are. And uh I think it's just that constant, you know, how do kids learn? They watch their parents. So give them a good example and then have the boundaries that are necessary when it comes to nutrition. You buy the food, dude. Uh keep the options at home clean. You can't control the world, but this little micro universe called your home, you can. And it makes all the difference. Beautiful. Oh my gosh, Dr. Boz, I could talk to you all day. As you know, we had a list of questions we had you know, prepared. I feel like we got through just a couple of them, but it was like 10 times even richer than I could have imagined. And so maybe we'll maybe if there's ever opportunity to do do another one. This is amazing, but I'm so grateful to you for the work you've done, the spirit that you bring to this, just the the deep integrity that you bring to this. It comes through so much and I'm just I'm so grateful that you are also a storyteller. You bring a lot of this alive in a way that I think you know, but we're not trained to be storytellers as doctors, but that really helps people feel it so differently. So I just really admire you and I'm so grateful for this conversation. Um thank you so so much. And if you would like to share with people how they can um find you and get in touch with you. We'll make sure to put it all in the show notes, but um what are the best places for people to continue to learn from you? Right. Best thing that I have put my energy into the most has been YouTube. So find me on YouTube. That is There are other platforms I'm on and you're you'll find your way there eventually, but start with YouTube and um find me every Tuesday night live is when I give a live uh presentation. And um if you're ever in Tampa, there's a free support group at the bowling alley across the parking lot.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SludgeMan90 [25 likes]: I suffered a severe brain injury from a highly toxic pharmaceutical that compeltely impaired me neurocognitively, leading me to dropping out of medical school and being couch bound. I am now about to graduate medical school and looking forward to a fruitful career in internal medicine and a lot of it is thanks to being in strict ketosis.
  2. @howardhill3395 [3 likes]: "I'm in ketosis for life"  spoken with great joy and gratitude after significant healing . Absolutely love this! So inspiring. Thank you both!.
  3. @gavinsymes-wizardot [1 likes]: This is the stuff I try to suggest or explain to so many people as there is such a huge swarm of people being labelled as experiencing ADHD here in Australia. But no one seems to either want to hear it or in some cases label me as being disrespectul to those experiencing ADHD like symptoms. Thanks for this content, it's fantastic.
  4. @lieslvista [1 likes]: “You need a different mom.” Wow… this is a great example of why people hate doctors. Treat them like humans. All the knowledge in the world is worth nothing if you can’t show love or compassion - a change of heart comes with compassion not shame.
  5. @korgond: ❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏
  6. @markf8256: I was wondering if Doc Boz had ever interviewed Dr Means or vice versa. 
When I first heard Dr Means talking to other YT/SM personalities and stumbled across Dr Boz after a personal health red flag, I couldn’t help but think this would be an interesting conversation. 
Thanks to you both for speaking above the fray and din of conventional medicine.
  7. @CrazyScenesCrazyy: ADHD is neturent and diet problem that have been untreated for decades. Thas why keto and vitmens cured my ADHD
  8. @6Hole: This chat and the blessed neurological information shared has finally pushed me over the edge to really drill down on getting as deep into ketosis as I can. I’ve been carnivore for 8 months but never got over 1.0 ketones and it has to be because of sugar free drinks because I don’t consume anything else that contradicts the diet, even though the diet drinks don’t technically. That, and I just figured out that I was well under 80/20 for fat calories/protein calories despite eating only fatty meat. I only need to lose about 15 pounds so my prime motivation is the cognitive benefits.
  9. @FrancesKarcher: Excellent discussion. Two articulate women.
  10. @bobholst874: You want a huge shocker...the 12 medications are all STUFFED WITH MALTODEXTRINE TO STOP CLOGGING TOGETHER! Maltodextrine has a gluycemic index double of table sugar! (Sugar is 66, Maltodextrine is 110!!!) Beware of Maltidextrine it is used as a preservative, anti coagulation/caking agent in sauces, mixes, etc. It is even in Splenda! It causes insulin spikes, and worst of all it comes from GMO Corn which we all know is bad for us to begin with!
  11. @dhal6271: My two cents on Depression and Anxiety:  first, I am a loving husband of over 35 yrs dealing with a spouse whom has suffered from Depression/Anxiety/Bi-polar for at least 33 years.  it turns out her first symptoms started in the 3rd grade!  I have been supportive and understanding listening and acting on the advice of dozens of medical professionals and Many psychiatrist through the decades.  It was not until last year I realized any past treatments were just not producing positive results.  Hundreds of medications later, glaucoma and hair loss, we decided to take a different path.  I am NOT a medical professional so please do not take this as medical advice.  We believe wholeheartedly that Depression/anxiety/bi-polar is NOT a disease but a "symptom" of something else.  The drugs only treat the symptoms with massive side effects.  1. We are now under the care of a Doctor of Neuropathic Medicine NDM.  2. Detailed Blood work and detailed blood Allergy testing revealed stomach leakage as a result of a severe Wheat/Soy/Cabbage/basal allergy.  3 Her body was riddled with Yeast/Epstein Barr resulting in massive hormone imbalances and some brain swelling.  Also her vitamins and mineral levels were totally off the charts "screwed up" 4.  We are currently on a strict diet and supplements to restore her stomach microbiome and repair her leaky gut. 5.  After just one month her taste buds began working, she can taste lemon for the first time in years, her mood is rock solid and stable, she is sleeping through the night, Constipation is completely gone.  We will continue the treatment with hopes and prayers that her Glaucoma  and hair loss will improve.  Her DMD said he has successfully treated her type of glaucoma with diet. Patients have recovered much of their lost sight.  Summary: Don't listen to MOST doctors (the ones that are not experienced in diet/stomach health) and especially psychiatrist (the ones that just push toxic pills that never order blood work).  Demand they do they homework and perform MRI's/CT's on organs such as thyroid, pancreas, pituitary, Blood work, Allergy testing etc.  It could be a tiny tumor or an allergy.  Brain health begins and ends with diet and a healthy gut.  If you are prediabetic or even worse diabetic threat that Immediately.   Closing: we still have several years towards recovery but the bottom line is that she is recovering and on the correct path.  In time we plan to reduce the number and quantity of medications but it will require constant effort.  She has already been weened off of a highly addictive sleep narcotic after just a month. Prayers are greatly appreciated.  Make the doctors do their homework. demand blood work and scans.
  12. @WatchingPlanesnbirds: I love Dr Casey Means.  She helped me realize how nutrient dense foods work in the body. I have eliminated so much of the ultra processed foods is was eating.  I switched out junk for fruits like berries apples watermelon kiwi and I am so full! My skin is glowing.  I move better. Feel better.  Thank you ❤
  13. @WatchingPlanesnbirds: Dr Boz looks amazing 👏
  14. @WatchingPlanesnbirds: Love Dr Boz! She looks beautiful ❤
  15. @him-hk7ii: How did I miss this interview last year, my sheros
  16. @schaschuschascho: Thank you
  17. @indianne9781: So excited to see these two teamed up!!  🎉
  18. @anoopchalil9539: Then why God created this much foods on earth
Leaving processed / sweets okay..

But not touching majourity of them not make sense
  19. @pennyheisler7500: I am an advocate for a very good friend who at 70 who has been impacted by severe clinical depression with anxiety.  We are desperately searching for a psychiatrist who can help him with the metabolic side.  Please recommend one, if you know of one, who is in the Dallas and Fort Worth area, or who does teleconferencing.  Thank you in advance if you are able to respond.
  20. @Melodie007: 👍👍👍

- CAN YOU PREVENT OR REVERSE COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT AND EARLY DEMENTIA?: Kind: captions Language: en um what's interesting is paul i always take a family history and i always take a family history of alzheimer's or cognitive dysfunction in brothers and siblings in in parents and if there's any evidence of that we don't always check for the apple e4 gene but if there's that family history and i want to segue to this as well i'm always recommending at least three omega fatty acids as well as them being ketosis now the question there for you is what given your work on three omegas and your understanding on on dha specifically if you're going to supplement your diet with dha how much and in what form and how frequently i've just had a number of conversations about this in the in the past week and there's no simple answer because uh the epidemiological studies would suggest that eating fish is beneficial for the aging brain but the randomized control trials simply don't support it whether it's combined with or without epa six-month studies six-week studies alzheimer's mci it's very hard to to to replicate what we have learned from the epidemiology so i you know i the the simple answer is any amount of a fish or any amount of dha is better than none in my personal opinion uh start with what you're prepared to eat if you if you refuse to eat fish uh but you want to protect yourself with some dha then then you're gonna need the capsules if you're a vegetarian you can get algal sources of dha um and and i don't think you'd need more than three i don't think anyone's demonstrated that the benefits of omega-3 are require a dose higher than three grams per day what about a thousand grams which is the common 1000 grams per day is going to be a is going to be an achievable level that you should be able to to live with and eating fish would be better i i i personally feel because you're getting a whole cluster of what i've called in relation to evolution brain selective nutrients uh and so it's not just you're not hanging your hat on the hook of omega-3s hoping that that's again the magic solution there's always more to it than one nutrient one fuel source right that's something i've always said about the baby formulas it's basically a an ice cream or a baby milkshake that they've thrown some dha in and i'm not sure well at least the dha is is there at least in some of them now but and it took so long it was a huge battle to get even to that stage so so what we're talking about is two separate things we talk about ketones and energy provision to the brain uh probably ketone glucose ratio and then would you say that the dha is separate and apart from that or are they all so what is the correlation what is the interlink between those two so we we've got our neurons that are trying to talk to each other you gotta you need a spark you need to make a spark that takes energy but you need the receptors and the neurotransmitters there and that takes dha so it's what i called in a review a couple of years ago i was given an award by the french society for for lipids the chevrolet metal i call it the ying and the yang the yin and the yang of brain health basically the energy can't do it alone you can't get dha from ketones so you need to one of the reasons the dha studies have not been benef shown to be effective is possibly because they haven't addressed the energy deficit problem in the brain at the same time interesting now the irony is that the combination go full circle yeah 30 years ago when i was studying the metabolism of alphanumeric acid to look at dha synthesis guess where 50 90 of it went ketones 90 of the alpha linolenic acid did not go into dha which is where what what we were focused on it was degraded beta oxidized and made ketones saturated fatty acids cholesterol there was 50 times more carbon from alpha linolenic acid in cholesterol in brain cholesterol then brain dha and i was struck by this and i thought how does that happen i learned about ketones from that interesting so could the dha deficit from substrate from from alpha lake acid substrate b because the ala is being diverted to product to energy production and production of other molecules so it's not necessarily available absolutely it's it's being degraded is being metabolized to other substances very quickly so let me ask you this question then it's the most paid oxidizable of our common long-chain fatty acids in our diet wow it's the most easily degraded to co2 to use as a as a fuel alpha linolenic acid does it cross the blood-brain barrier better than dha or faster in a higher concentration than dha i'm not a specialist on that and i i don't think there's any simple answer to it either because there are different mechanisms there's fatty acid transporters there's ldl um there's a bunch of different mechanisms and it's not my specialty right now i've just learned i've read a couple of papers about delivery and it's it as you said it's kind of confusing about what can cross what can't cross well it's a question of redundancy again if i was an evolving brain i'd want to make sure that i could get my dha from more than one source in order before i start committing to expansion and and this whole evolutionary process so along the along that line and i know again this is not your specialty but it's right in the realm cholesterol um we know that the concentration of cholesterol in the brain is one of the highest concentrations in the cells of the human body i i think i read that the brain is is one-eighth of the body but 20 of all the cholesterol is in the brain um some whatever the ratio was but the concentration of cholesterol is very high what does this common sentiment of cholesterol reduction particularly in the older population with statins and with hmg coe reductase blockade what does that do you mentioned all of these important aspects of synapse function it's not just one thing what does a relative deficiency of cholesterol supply to the brain do you brain does make cholesterol itself as far as i'm aware so it has to it has to so what do you see cholesterol provision to the brain as a concern i know that david diamond has a beautiful study that he quotes a lot where patients on statins and had cognitive impairment they were taken off the statins there was an improvement in cognitive cognitive function and then they were put back on the statins and the same cognitive impairment occurred again so it was demo it was definedly defined that the statin was the problem what are your thoughts on cholesterol importance in the brain and the function of decreasing overall cholesterol with statins well it's pretty hard to to know exactly what cholesterol is doing in the brain uh beyond the the embryo stage in the embryo if you block cholesterol synthesis you get massive uh malformations of the head it's a smith limb leopard syndrome so it occurs in humans rarely but it does occur and it can be mimicked by statins or other types in fact there's been a number of drugs that were abandoned because they were to had they were given during pregnancy for some reason and they were it was determined that the malformations were due to the inhibition of cholesterol synthesis so cholesterol for gene expression uh in the brain cholesterol is is essential during embryonic development that's a long way from aging and statin used to control ldl in older people but maybe there's some parallels um so i'm i'm not an expert on cholesterol and i've been quite in tune with what david uh diamond has been saying and i feel very comfortable with not get finding different solutions to cholesterol than than using statins statins also some statins will induce seizures in in at least in animals and i don't know the extent to which this is an issue and whether it's contributing to seizures associated with alzheimer's disease in older people it's it's not it's speculative but it's not un unreasonable that you would and anticipate that so i i i think that there are other solutions to our cardiovascular health i think david has always been concerned about ldls being exaggerated in importance it's kind of like finding the guy to blame right it's the opposite of the magic bullet as it were and as long as we can identify one person to blame then let's put all our energy into that and i think that's again misplaced like putting too much emphasis on one single solution to these problems even if even if statins were beneficial for ldl and didn't cause cognitive issues it still leaves the impression that i've solved my health issues if i simply take a statin which is is completely corrupting what what actually common sense well let me ask you this question and i you may not know the answer to this again this is just thinking two questions along this line how does dha get to the brain what's the transport vehicle is it ldl and typically ldl transports phospholipids or two fatty acid chains and triglycerides which are three do you know where the dha or the the uh polyunsaturated fatty acids the three and sixes are delivered to the brain as triacylglycerol as uh triglycerides or as phospholipids and um because that has implications as well and is the speculatively is the delivery molecule an ldl molecule because i assume that the dha is stored in the fat cells when you say it's stored 500 milligrams is stored in the body at birth dha is is stored in adipose right so that's how stories and adipocytes also present in the liver in and can be contributing to brain dha right the short answer is i don't know uh it's partly because ldl is one of the ways of getting dha into the brain like other fatty acids um whether it's the phospholipid that brings it to the to the doorstep crossing the threshold into the into the cell is is a is a free fatty acid as far as we know uh at what point does it they call it flip flop and that free fatty acid can go back and forth so until it's grabbed by some transporter molecule uh or carrier molecule inside the brain um it it could just as easily flip back out as it as it flipped in um and and just you can tell by my explanation that this is not an area that i have researched in any detail and i wouldn't pretend to know except to say that there are again redundancy is really important uh with these different fatty acid transporters ldl plays it you can knock out ldl receptors in the brain and it doesn't change dha levels one iota interesting so yeah so this is one of the the lines of evidence suggesting that redundancy is there and it's there for a reason right but again the the use of statins that the ldl as a delivery molecule as opposed to something that causes harm all of these things are fascinating questions and i didn't i didn't i knew you wouldn't have the specific knowledge but those are all reasonable questions to ask let me segue a little bit here to another thing that you you write about quite a bit and i'm confused about this a little bit what is the importance of iron iodine selenium copper and zinc in the brain because you wrote you've written about that and these are all things that people are obsessed about taking in our population they take them as supplements a lot of it has to do with covert and that kind of thing but you've written about specifically iron and iodine as being important in the brain i know iodine for the thyroid but what where what is the role of those things as as uh molecules trace elements in the if you go to the woho website and i haven't actually done this but i'm pretty sure any search will will show you pretty quickly the 20 percent of the world's population is iodine deficient demonstrably clinically iodine deficient they're not they don't have a goiter but they have an impact on the physical development and and the cognitive development of of the of the the child and of course the adult as well twenty percent and that's a hundred years after iodized salt was developed you know the twenty percent sorry eighty two percent of the patients i see for the first time are on thyroid replacement and most of them have no idea why they don't have a diagnosis they've got an observation you're hypothyroid here for the rest of your life you're going to be taking this synthroid or whatever it may be it's quite bizarre and as we work with them we can normalize those and get them off medication but but what does that feel like a fish eater yes or shellfish eater so you look at the natural populations of the populations eating the local food the ones in the mountains are the ones that become iodine deficient or in you know where where is iodine deficiency first corrected by by um by iodine itself uh exogenous siding in in the midwest in ohio somewhere i i'm not sure it doesn't matter which city it was but it's midwestern states why because nobody ate fish right in the area is very deficient also it's very iodine deficient as a as an area so i would be i just want to get to the shoreline stuff because the the iodine the iron the celium i mean those are those are just so important and iron is is is neck and neck with iodine in terms of deficiency worldwide and there are some solutions with some sorts of what they call sparkles or sprinkles um but it's it's not corrected the deficiency and people are retreating from animal sources of food they're retreating from salt and the natural sources ion deficiency is is occurring in in westernized countries in europe and in north america in pregnant women again so it hasn't gone and if you if you're not taking iodized salt and not eating fish the chances of you being iron deficient are quite good so what are your recommendations both in terms of dha iodine iron for a large part of our population when they correct um their insulin resistance they go ultra low carbohydrate go on a ketogenic diet but it's mostly terrestrial animals that they're eating very heavy on beef you know you've got your bbe which is your beef bacon butter and eggs um and that's a new popular trend which serves people well in correcting the disease of insulin resistance but in terms of dha iron folate um what are your concerns or do you have any with people that are eating a high terrestrial uh um meat diet mostly carnivore diet well they're still going to be dha deficient most of them it depends unless they're eating very high quality uh beef which may in some cases may be but my approach is simple any amount of shellfish or fish is better than none at all and so um maybe that's very hard to maybe that's not just not going to going to happen in in your bbb e people because they they've got their way of doing it and that's it's still they they will be getting a better they'll be getting more iodine iron and zinc and copper copper is essential for myelination menke's disease swayback swayback is a disease in sheep and so these these metals were shown to be important in agriculture before they were realized to be important in humans but menke's disease is a copper deficiency and it's a condition of hypomyelination because you can't make enough oleic acid to to contribute to the insulating fatty acids in in the myelin because the conversion of the saturated fat to the oleic acid is copper dependent so you can get them from meat and from eggs eggs are a great source of these nutrients as well and so most of your bbe crowd are probably doing a pretty good job of protecting themselves nutritionally well that's why the egg has got everything in it but really what you're saying is that cows aren't very smart because they've got low dhe a sorry dha in their brains um well i'm being a little bit facetious but they're eating grass as well so you know so yeah but however now this this leads so if you are going to design the ideal diet for you and i think i i just want to get into we haven't talked about it because we've been talking about so many other important things but give us your theory of shoreline development why do you believe that humans are human in terms of brain uh evolution brain function what component does the shoreline is it a chicken and an egg how does that all happen in human uh evolution the shorelines have access to the uh the the clams the mussels the frogs the fish that don't swim very very fast because going back in evolution 202 million years ago we didn't have the skills to hunt and that includes fish so we weren't out getting salmon that's for sure we weren't catching trout unless you were extremely lucky and so it's but the slow-moving fish in east africa in the east african lakes like tilapia and catfish in particular had abundant sources of the brains the whole cluster of brain selective nutrients including the dha the iodine and the iron why why do they have that or is it kind of fortuitous from what they eat and it comes from the sea the iodine is in in the salt water what's the value to a fish fish aren't very smart what's the value to the fish of having dha and iodine well it's able to resist they've been around for 400 million years so they've done something right we haven't come we haven't come to even the one percent of that we can calculate it but in fact we're much smarter but we we're risk burning out far sooner than than many many other species but what you're really saying is that we found short shorelines fortuitously as pre-hominids um as as hominids we found shorelines and so not only food and the food supply was was important to get those nutrients but remember the infant is born with a fair amount of fat and it's in in adults the brain is using 20 of the body's energy supply but at birth it's 75 percent so when you think about brain evolution it's all very well to think about the tools that we learned how to make the stone tools to go hunting as an adult mostly males it's a very macho kind of concept the question is how did the infant brain how did evolution allow us to dedicate 75 percent of the incoming energy to the infant to be used for an organ that don't doesn't even help it survive for the first five years of life and and so there must have been sufficient energy to permit that process to put fat on in the last two weeks of pregnancy 90 of the mother's transfer of nutrients to the infant to the to the fetus goes to the fat it's to put down the fat how how did she have that excess available energy to do that and allow a big part of that to to fuel the infant brain if they didn't have a stable food supply a reliable source of the nutrients needed of the energy a certain sedentary lifestyle fetal obesity is essential for normal development we're terrified of the word obesity but if you're not born with a certain amount of fat if you're born premature or low birth weight your risk of neurodevelopmental delay goes up exponentially and so it's all part of the solution to the protecting the brain is the energy supply and a long term beyond weaning because all mammalian milk has mct in it the first mct were were identified in goat's milk goats aren't known for to be particularly smart but they have got lots of c8 and c10 capric and caproic acid and caprylic acid um and and so there's something different about a goat and a human um it's not the amount of mct in the mother's milk it's it's the length of gestation and um it's the um amount of fats that's born we're the only species born with fat babies and that's often the brown fat which is the which has a much higher concentration of nutrients it's not just an energy store there are varieties the brown fat has a lot of mitochondria which help generate heat yes um i don't know whether mitochondria i mean brown fat is part of the of our evolutionary story in relation to the brain but potentially so i the the other question it was a question i was trying to come up with a little bit ago you talk about mct and you talk about um ketones are either a direct source of energy or a precursor building block for longer chains of fat mct oils are your short chain your c6's c12s the medium chain are the mcts broken down to fuel or are they used we talked earlier on about the myelin sheath and you talked about the c18 c20 the longer fat saturated in polyunsaturated and unsaturated fat molecules is mct oil in your thought process primarily used toward the fuel the the mitochondrial utilization broken down and used by mitochondria or is the value in the shorter uh uh chain carbon molecules as integral membrane to membranes i don't know if you know that but there seems to be a difference between mct and and ketones there's essentially no medium chain fatty acids in membranes certainly not definitely not in the brain and probably not in any other organs except the adipose tissue during while you're pre-weaning um mct are a genetic term as you know and they start presumably with the six i don't know whether the six is key actually we now know very recently that the c6 is ketogenic but it's a very recent discovery c8 so if you ignore c6 for the moment c8 is the most ketogenic mct go to c10 it goes down gram for gram we've studied it c 12 is essentially not ketogenic c14 either so in coconut oil where you've got mct that favor the eight the the 12 and the 14 you have a very poor ketogenic effect which doesn't mean could coconut oil couldn't be beneficial but it's it's not because it's it's not ketogenic enough to be beneficial as such whether that those ketones would be for building myelin or or for fueling the brain so there's no storage that mcts are not contributing to uh the membrane structure anywhere in the body they they're still degraded so if we give 30 grams as we did in our our study i would think that probably i haven't don't have the hard number but i would say greater than 75 is completely oxidized to co2 possibly via ketones but but not necessarily they direct oxidation they don't need carnitine to get into the mitochondria so c8 will be burned to co2 and unless you stack up enough acetyl coa you won't make a ketone molecule from it right so ketones are not the only endpoint derived from mct so you're talking about the mct so you talk about the fuel pathway along that line and that's the they're all going toward fuel um you're talking they may be going towards making brain lipids as well right c8 could be can definitely get into the brain and it could be uh anabolically useful um you can also uh couple it to um to certain proteins and certain hormones like ghrelin i have no idea whether the biological importance of that and and you talk a lot you've written about coconut oil and the importance that's primarily because not because it's monounsaturated but because of its its mct content is that correct well i i've only made the point that it's not ketogenic um and so that doesn't mean it's not beneficial for for the aging brain and if anybody's taking coconut oil to try and stave off alzheimer's disease i wouldn't change that but i wouldn't also be under the misunderstanding that it's because of making ketones but the c12 and c14 could have antimicrobial effects could they could be beneficial as antivirals so that's a potential effect it could be an effect on on the microbiome that we haven't really explored that could be beneficial as well so there it's not just ketones at least with coconut oil it's not just ketones so i to kind of go to the final set of questions based upon your research based upon your knowledge i'm going to ask you two separate questions if you were sitting on the u.s dietary guidelines committee which is our you know what the us dietary guideline committee is you you have something similar in canada what recommendations would you make population dietary recommendations as a whole what what where would you put emphasis where would you alter some of their recommendations what therapeutic strategies would you use to counteract this awful disease of neurodegenerative or awful cluster of neurodegenerative diseases and how would you improve the quality of function of this massive aging population because our aging people the volume is high but the liability is great because so many of them have cognitive impairment or neurodegenerative disorders so they become a liability to our society rather than a contributor to our society like the elders of so many uh hunter-gatherer tribes used to be what recommendations would you make rob i'm not going to take the bait as far as um if i was on the the dietary committee it's a bit treacherous and and but for another reason um i don't think this is just a dietary problem it's it's more it's it's about exercise it's about social involvement it's getting a family support and so the bottom line and this is not a facetious comment forget alzheimer's disease if you're young enough to forget all i mean if you're not young enough to not have it yes if you're in your 20s 30s 40s let's say then think about being healthy think about being socially engaged think about your sleep think about fatigue think about stress think about meditation think about tai chi think about doing some exercise think about some sort of sport that you could take up that would be fun it's not a competition it's about having fun with your friends and maybe having a beer afterwards or some social activity afterwards think about your health in a global sense it's not just about your diet you can have the best diet to whoever whatever the recommendation is that's not a guarantee that you're going to be healthy it's not a guarantee that you're you're not going to be stressed if you're working 18 hours a day and under whatever conditions they may be is is that really the solution is diet really the the solution it's part of the solution but it's it's just part of it well okay so let me bring this a little bit more home for you and you'll understand i'm not trying to trap you or do anything like that i'm going to personalize this okay i'm in my late 50s um i'm my brain works fairly well but i have a mother who's dying of alzheimer's i have a grandmother who died of alzheimer's and i have an apple e4 allele one code one copy i am doing most of what you're doing except perhaps for the sleep i've got a little baby at home i'm very engaged and involved in all the what i call self-care activities what nutritional advice would you give to me to support my healthy cognitive aging and to reduce my risk of dementia given probably genetic likelihood well i i would limit your your sweet foods um to things that if you insist on eating sweet foods then be smart about it eat the best quality chocolate that you can afford so that you don't need to have the whole bar before you get the buzz good chocolate is like that if you love ice cream don't eat it so often but eat the best quality that you can afford by all means pay yourself a little treat if if you want to because i don't think uh several hundred grams of of glucose or car or sucrose per week is is going to be life or death but be be smart about it get out and do some exercise try and reduce the stress and the anxiety and and try and get some good good sleep because that's that's probably one of the things we we under rate the most and it's probably one of the most important and get some exercise in it in a socially agreeable setting and would you re would you suggest it's a good idea or would you recommend and i know you're not a physician you're a phd but would you based on your research purely based on your research see taking a fish oil or krill oil cod liver oil in an advantageous way and would you suggest taking exogenous mct oil i am myself pretty close to carnivore i'm about 90 95 carnivore and i am in ketosis um so i measure my ketones i'm insulin sensitive i'm fat adapted but given my background and i i'm talking about myself but there's a large cohort of my patients that have a similar family history or a similar orientation and probably do have a degree of mci already would you recommend those exogenous supplements or do you think that a ketogenic lifestyle is adequate for someone at high risk it's speculating that's what i'm asking you to do yes i think you're probably in a degree of ketosis that's adequate and mct is only maybe going to add 10 or maybe not even 10 percent to your uh your daily don't forget it's only related to the dose you take so if you take it once a day you're gonna you're gonna get ket some sort of mini peak on top of your your basil increase ketone production it's gonna last maybe two hours at the most uh dha you you might be low on dha but i i would think that the whole purpose of to me of this discussion that we've had is is in terms of protecting the brain as we get older is making your giving yourself a chance to have insulin normal insulin sensitivity and normal insulin signaling in their if you know that your insulin sensitivity is pretty good and your glucose tolerance is good you're probably in in as good a state as you can get metabolically i don't you know mct can improve glucose tolerance a little bit in pre-diabetic women eating an average diet and they're not they're not eating carnivore like you are so i i think you're i would speculate i would predict that you're in a pretty good state metabolically with possible exception of dha which could potentially be uh advantageous to have a source of dha if you don't eat fish then then you you've got that question i should have added that in would you recommend a shift more toward marine food fish and shellfish or is that not adequate would you still take dha in addition i would recommend eating fish once a week and perhaps twice a week if you like it or shellfish you know because crab and and scallops and and um these other sources of shellfish are just as good for for this purpose as fishes so i again i don't think you need overkill um i think you need to get to a certain threshold and beyond that maybe a dha supplement would be beneficial but the clinical evidence is simply not there in terms of cognition and and i i'm just still baffled or not baffled but astounded by that 23 year old person who has mci that is just it's not a person it's 10 10 of them so i'll i'll send you it's a it's no but what i'm saying is that cohort at that early age because with pcos is a common disease we treat you i work with a fertility clinic and they send me it's one of the commonest causes of infertility so they send these young moms or women in their 30s and 40s got pcos desperately want to get pregnant and we use a ketogenic diet to get them there to try to get them into ketosis but you've given me a lot of food for thought in that regard as well in addition to the importance of this in the pre-pregnancy and intrapartum and if you get a breastfeed postpartum time frame um it's just the the the because what we've talked about previously is staving off disease as you get older but this is also optimizing giving your child the best shot at the healthiest brain it can have given its genetics well one of the the most important risk factors for alzheimer's disease is is low education in the early years primary school and middle school so if you've an autistic child or a child with developmental behavioral issues chances are they're not getting a very good education at that age i'm extrapolating it's not my field but i think it's it's one of those things that would contribute to enhanced risk of alzheimer's disease later in life just as as metabolic dysregulation does um a in a 20 year old right and and for my mom who's 80 88 years old has color she's got dementia she's got alzheimer's she's physically very functional but sure you know the typical short-term memory she's that middle ground not a wheelchair-written kind of cognitive failure but uh can't remember a thing um fortunately she gets to meet her grandson every time we call her again oh who's that so you know that kind of functional but no brain would you suggest there's any benefit to dha or three omegas in that population the diagnosed alzheimer's population i i guess you've got to be practical uh and and when in one sense you've nothing to lose it's not dangerous uh the side effects are are manageable or non-existent to manageable so why not not to expect anything but there may be some pleasant surprises it may not be too late i don't know if if if there's a point at which it is too late so if she's in a setting where this can be managed by by a caregiver um and she's willing of course to to do it then uh there may be some surprises that even she will will notice or that others will notice and realize hey you know we've we've just got a little improvement here which because there are good days and bad days absolutely bad days and it's very and so what you're trying to do is increase the ratio of good days to bad days and maybe that's achievable i've had some remarkable anecdotes sent to me by various people where personal experiences uh case histories if you will and and it's it's some people had unexpected success stories so i i wouldn't give up on her just yet especially if she's physically able to to exercise that's exactly what i was going to tell you since my father passed away we have in her in a regular daily exercise routine and i've just connected the dots with you telling me that now this is anecdote but with you telling me that that i believe is a component of both her mood as well as her cognitive function and the two are somewhat related plus she's eating a little bit more ketogenically but very very interested in that side of things plus i've gotten some fish oil but we're starting a study where we're reducing carbohydrate intake and a resonance near us here there's a lot of logistical planning to do but we're just trying to reduce it by 50 percent interesting to get some of them off insulin you know you most people will say well 50 there's no big deal there but logistically it's it's an adaptation thing to do to to demonstrate that it's feasible and acceptable and then i'll tell you there's a swedish study that looked at carbohydrate consumption in diabetics and a 10 reduction in carbohydrate consumption has a 50 percent increa improvement in a1c so i we even a small change uh carbohydrate consumption makes that difference but there's carbohydrate reduction and then also the addition of fat ketones and then i think the other the moves that i'm going to make is probably not do the mct but but make fish and shellfish a more regular component of my diet um stephen there's one other question and i i know this wasn't on the list of questions i asked you but as i was looking at your work i noticed and i you can tell me if you don't want to answer this question but in our group of folks and and certainly something that we see a lot of when somebody publishes a paper that we radically disagree with or where there's our belief system is opposite to their belief system it's not uncommon for us to look at let's say someone who's publishing a pro-vegan uh paper and and i'm going to use myself not include you in that who supports their research connect their production of that work to their bias about who funds their research well it's conflict of interest for sure product of interest now having looked at your disclosure of conflict of interest i saw that nestle is some somebody who sponsored you who has provided funds to you how do you re so if i was on the other side if i was wearing the green hat and how would you answer that question can we believe your research because of your bias related to your sponsors um that's that's up to you each person has to look at the the sum total of the results if we were the only people producing the results that we have reported then you might sort of wonder how how's that possible no one else has seen that but we're one of many practically monthly there are new studies that are coming out it's been confirmed that the the brain alzheimer's disease can take up um the brain can take up in all times disease the brain can take up ketones perfectly normally that's been confirmed elsewhere it's been shown that the ketogenic metabolizing enzymes the gene expression of them is normal in alzheimer's disease so a very different approach to showing that that that's normal uh ketogenic diet for alzheimer's disease has demonstrated cognitive benefits so i feel comfortable in in the sense that other scientists whether whether nestle was supporting our work or not uh other scientists have demonstrated the same things and that relationship stability is the is the factor there that's that's the key and so um i feel comfortable about that now nestle has a bad reputation and perhaps for good reasons in in some respects both environmentally and and in the way uh they've distributed various products for pediatric nutrition worldwide and so on i if if you want to listen to me then then the reason i feel good about it of what they're doing is that no one else in this ketone space to my knowledge so far has bothered to produce a placebo whether it's an mct or an ester or a ketone salt i'm aware of nobody and i had a trial funded by the alzheimer's association to do such a study with a different sponsor with a different product and they backed out uh once the fun the funding was just was was guaranteed and they backed out so uh if nestle uh had a bad reputation in some areas i think their commitment to this area i think is genuine they've committed money to it uh they provide us with excellent products and they've given us the opportunity to explore some ideas and push this forward that i don't think we would have had otherwise and do you have autonomy of your of your results do you have they belong to the university at all the university owns our results and the university has chosen to negotiate a contract in one case with nestle to transfer the technology and to the product that became one that's on the market now called brain expert exactly but we but those results belong to the university and just i i hope you've got a few seconds to answer one more science question for me and this is a a it's my mistake because i have a significant cohort here in florida we are we have a lot of soldiers in florida we especially northern florida we've got a big marine base a big navy base uh we've got air force uh we've got enough and obviously the war's been going on for 20 years in afghanistan iraq we have a number of soldiers that i have as patients young men young men typically one woman who all have cbi uh uh cerebral brain injuries or chronic brain injuries from trauma and these are guys that were blown up that was shot that were had significant injuries do you know what and a lot of them have gone through the whole recovery period they're they're doing fine but they're still plagued by the consequences of some brain tissue loss do you have any guidance on a ketogenic diet mct oil or brain protection when you forget about alzheimer's forget about new neurodegenerative stuff but really brain healing and brain repair and scar management in people who've had a cbi the short answer is no i i'm aware of a couple of rat studies that were done by prince was her name i it was a woman in california ucla i think who had done some uh animal studies to try and um mimic the human situation but i i would point you to other people to to look at this but i i think you know if there were publications out there um i think we'd about it um so the bottom line is i think that there may be some work going on actually people like jeff folek i think are are very interested in this issue um kem ford at the um the institute of human uh and machine cognition in pensacola as a very serious interest in this field as well and there are probably quite a few others that i can't think of at the moment but i think there's every reason to believe that it would be a beneficial effect to have ketones to help with repair processes reduce uh inflammatory processes um but i'm not aware of convincing evidence that that it works right and you know i've got anecdotal evidence but it's biased anecdotal stuff because these are folks that have come to us they've already been on this we've tried it and we've seen benefits but it's i've got to declare my bias in that regard but there's a there's a a logistical or a type of issue it's like with epilepsy i mean it took a long long time to demonstrate to satisfy people that the ketogenic diet was beneficial in epilepsy in part uh because we had no controlled trials and every child's epilepsy is a little different even if it's a grand mal or an absence or whatever it is myoclonic tbi is is much the same how do you do a controlled study uh in tbi when everybody's injury um is slightly different both physically and probably psychologically as well so you've got two levels of injury overlapping in many in many cases i'm sure right and that is the challenge it's a very diverse uh group of injuries and some of it's blast some of it is penetrating so and some of its accidental traumatic um you know motor vehicle accidents that kind of thing so we do see the full spectrum my anecdotal evidence is that it works but i'm heavily biased and certainly we see no downside to it but you might go to the metabolic health summit uh in a month's time and or five six weeks time and and perhaps there's some people that are there that can help fill you in um i don't have any first-hand experience though yeah it's a strategy that we're using because these patients self-present but um you know it's nice you have nothing to lose exactly um and possibly something to gain yeah well wow this is this has been so insightful um i i thank you so much for sharing this knowledge and i i hope that we didn't infringe too much on asking you to extrapolate some information but this is absolutely wonderful i'm going to try to summarize um over the next little while listen to this a few times and summarize some of the salient points because there is so much clinical applicability and i think from two perspectives as you've said it probably will do good but it's certainly not going to do harm is that a reasonable it won't necessarily you mean a tbi no no forget about tbi generally in neurocognitive uh stabilization maintenance or possibly an improvement i don't see anything we've talked about so far even if we're completely wrong as being deleterious i don't think there's a downside i just wouldn't want people to to assume that this is a as a solution in itself it's part of the solution but it it's not a standalone solution no and that's the whole point it's worth trying we don't i'll let you know in 20 years time whether or not um if you get a coherent email from me it's probably working or from your son or my son exactly and you know we've put our money where our mouth is literally with him because he's being raised in a ketogenic way and we'll we'll see how that works but even with him he loves his oysters he loves his sardines for an 18 month old that's not bad but it also helped us to understand um some of what you're talking about so i'm going to try to put this together in a clinically applicable way even some of those trace elements are uh can be important especially if they're running a little bit low the iodine the iron the selenium the copper the zinc iodine and iron are at the top of the list uh any any search will tell you that there's a a huge part of the population worldwide that is still deficient how did we evolve under those circumstances if we were deficient for the past two million years it's impossible right so some of us weren't and the way we solved it was i think the shoreline story is so important not just from a brain development perspective but from a survival perspective we had access to animals coming to feed at the water we had access to water and we had access to water to grow crops potentially so yeah there was all kinds of of benefit there i just i'm flooding with questions biome any concerns about the biome the microbiome you mean yeah a lot has been made of that i i no i i'm not going to go there i don't i just i would just be babbling and and i try not to go there as well because it's just it's again it's a little bit anti-human for me and that the human intestine is more enzymatic than it is bacterial based but that's all i'm going to say about it it's that's part of our evolution i i don't i don't have anything that i yeah i understand that i but i think i i really want to thank you so much for spending this time we've gone way over time i really appreciate this

  Top Comments:
  1. @dharmadreams4586 [4 likes]: Great guest. Lots of interruptions of the guest and stepping on the ends of his sentences before he’s actually finished his thought. These things happen, but maybe this channel could interview the guest again in a less choppy fashion and where the guest can fully speak before being cut off.
  2. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [4 likes]: Back in 2019 , I heard someone from the Dept. of Defense ( can't remember name ) said - by 2040 our country will be bankrupt from high medical costs and a country cannot function if it is bankrupt , it is a security threat . Now I heard in 2022 they are conducting large scale keto diet study . 😀
  3. @carolinemarie44 [3 likes]: If I eat sardines 1 x per week, is that enough?
  4. @jillchenok110 [1 likes]: Why didn’t Dr. Cywes ask if his mother with Alzheimer’s should be given exogenous ketones?
  5. @jhenyalovering41 [1 likes]: Dr. Cyes, your question to Dr. Cunnane about MCT Oil benefitting soldiers with CBI made me wonder about people who have experienced strokes. Wonder if it would help?
  6. @TheFeralGrandma [1 likes]: You need to know, even the "beef, bacon, butter, and eggs" people mostly include fish and shellfish too.
  7. @tym5583: How's your mom now?

Did u find some treatments and reverse her alzhimers?
  8. @labbe52: 💯❤
  9. @ws7001: Consider interviewing Dr David Brownstein about optimal iodine intake for brain health.  Seems he recommends 25 mg in general and much higher doses for cancer and some organ issues.  I would like to hear more about success stories from his 6 doctors specializing in iodine treatments, seems there are hundreds to thousands.
  10. @diannafielder4082: Dr Cywes please check out the Brains Course thru Dr Annette Bosworth (Dr Boz)
  11. @hildawehl3569: Dr Cywes
We suspect my Grandmother had dementia. She was mostly of her life in a place that took care of her. We just found out in February my Mother have Lewy Body Dementia. Grandma we did not really knew. My father did not want her around because no one really knew what was wrong with her ages ago  when there was no name for it in my country and then she died. Mom has diabetes2. she fell ill January , went to hospital. Nurses forgot to give her diabetes medicine for the 3 days in hospital. When she got home, she fell very hard with her head against the floor. Started shaking, tongue out of her mouth. From there she went so quickly worse. Could not walk or talk. Now its a bit better. She walk with a walker. Did see things that does not exist. Talk, but search mostly for words. My eldest sister in her 50's were in a robbery attacked in 2016. She also not herself.... her hands shakes allot. Legs stiff but she walks... even though its slowly. She takes care of herself and her two kids.  And now my mind is running into a direction of.... does my eldest sister also have it?????? How to tell her to go for tests...... She does not even want to accept my Moms LBD.  What can I give her to get better or not to get sicker....
  12. @PROFITDYNE: @41:29 Short answer: Dry-Fasting.
  13. @richardthivierge-z9j: Youtube videos mostly aim to educate the lay population  not to educate a doctor  who speculates with overflowing questions like a 5 years kid .
  14. @PaulaGrigoriu-t4o: Amazing choice of a guest Dr Cunnane- it would have been more useful if you would have let him finish a sentence and not spoken over him
  15. @Alice-oe4kd: the fat guy talked too much
  16. @norsangkelsang7939: yes... watched it.
  17. @Brani1974: So we can expect Nutella made from MCT oil and artificial sweeteners hailed as a super health food 😁😁
  18. @mballer: Do you read the comments?
  19. @mikeward9870: I'm thinking that Dom D'Agostino of University at South Florida that has some positive results about TBI and ketones in the recovery process (from interviews with Peter Attia).
  20. @GoranGox: Thank you guys, love

- Cognitive Decline, Alzheimer’s Disease & Potential Benefits of Low-Carb & Keto Diets w/ Amy Berger: Kind: captions Language: en Thanks and enjoy this episode. I am joined today by Amy Berger who holds a master's degree in human nutrition and is a certified nutrition specialist and nutritional therapy practitioner. She is a US Air Force veteran and spent years doing what nutrition and health experts claimed were the right things to do to lose weight and maintain optimal health but failed to experience these these results. Having learned lessons the hard way, she has dedicated her career to showing others that vibrant health does not require starvation, deprivation, or living in the gym. Amy, thanks so much for taking the time today. Yeah, thanks for having me. Listen, before we dive into talking about cognitive decline, Alzheimer's disease, and your fantastic new book, uh The Alzheimer's Antidote, can you tell the listeners a little bit more about how your journey into nutrition and health? Yeah, um I started in this like so many other people do. I was not a professional nutritionist forever. Um I I had many other jobs doing, you know, other kinds of work and I was overweight. And I was a chubby kid and um I remained chubby through my my teenage years and young adult years even though I was doing a ton of exercise. I ran two marathons and I was eating at the time what I thought was a healthy diet, lots and lots of whole grain bread, you know, reduced fat margarine, you know, lots of pasta to fuel my running, all that. And um you know, joke was on me, that weight never went anywhere. And um I spent a very long time beating myself up and feeling like a failure, feeling like it was my fault. And, you know, after so many years of not understanding why it wasn't working and and years of watching people that I knew exercise much less than I did, ate much worse than I did, who looked better than me, you know, I I started to to try to figure out what's wrong here. Why isn't this adding up? And I stumbled upon the Atkins book, and that was my my first foray into low carb, and it was So, it started with with weight loss for me. You know, at the time I was kind of lucky. I didn't have any health problems. I was just carrying a little bit extra weight, but I have a family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, stroke. So, I I kind of if I had continued eating that way, I probably would have ended up with one of those issues at some point. And after learning about this, after learning about how the body works and what these different kind of foods do to us and why we hang on to weight or get rid of weight, um it occurred to me that I could make a living out of this. I wasn't really very satisfied or happy with all the other jobs I'd had, and I said, you know, I think I could actually do this for a living and help other people learn about low carb. So, that's where I am now, but even though I started from the weight loss perspective, of course, over the years my interest and and my fascination with this way of eating is it's totally morphed because, you know, fat loss is such a small small part of what this diet is capable of doing. 100% and what point did for you this kind of dovetail down that road towards, you know, cognitive decline, dementia, Alzheimer's, and really getting deep into that topic? Sorry, what what what led me to it? Yeah, what point is it What was that branching off point where, you know, researching and and getting into the the cognitive decline and dementia aspect really start to to ring true for you? Right. Yeah, it was it was kind of serendipity. I don't have a family history of Alzheimer's, but I read the book Good Calories, Bad Calories by Gary Taubes um several years ago, and and in in that book he has a chapter where he talks about links between glucose, insulin, and dementia. And it's the first place I ever heard of that, and it was really fascinating to me. And I I didn't really look into it at the time I read the book, but about 4 years after I read that book is when I was in school for nutrition, and I had to pick a thesis topic. And I said, you know, I'm going to go back to that Alzheimer's thing, that insulin and Alzheimer's thing, and see if there's enough there for me to do some research on it. And when I started looking at it, I couldn't believe what I was finding. I mean, the research, the the medical literature is loaded with articles calling Alzheimer's disease type 3 diabetes or a brain insulin resistance, and nobody was talking about this. You know, we're we're led to believe that we have no clue what's going on in Alzheimer's. It's a total mystery, and that's just not true. I mean, we we don't know everything. There's a lot of unanswered questions, but I think we know enough to start making some inroads in this. Terrific. And if we can actually Yeah. I mean I mean my my my interest my interest sparked I mean, I started researching it for my thesis, and it turned into the book I wrote because once I was out of school, I couldn't imagine keeping this to myself. I mean, I felt like this is literally potentially life-changing and life-saving information, and the people who needed it most, the loved ones and caregivers of people with dementia, they don't have time to read these these, you know, scientific journals. Or even if they do, are they going to be able to understand what they're reading? So, I I really wanted to write this book as as the layman's translation of this really really important fascinating research. That's incredible. You do such a great job of unpacking such a complex topic. Um but how about we kick things off with really just a giving all the docs, nutritionists, trainers, everyone a baseline of, you know, what is Alzheimer's disease? What's going on in the background, and how prevalent is it today? Oh, um I don't have the statistics in front of me, so I don't know the exact numbers, but certainly it is increasing in incidence. Um, part of that is because people are aging. We have, you know, the baby boomer generation where we have many more millions of people reaching their, you know, older years now. So, it's kind of to be expected that we're going to see an uptick in Alzheimer's incidence as the population ages, but we're not really talking about very elderly people anymore. You know, this used to be a a dementia that really struck people in their 80s, people in their 90s. It was somebody's grandma, it was their great grandfather. Now, we're talking about people in their 50s and 60s who are getting what they call early-onset Alzheimer's. Um, they used to joke and call this old-timer's disease, and we're not really talking about old-timer's anymore. So, something is definitely changing, and it's changed within the last couple of of years, if not, you know, couple of decades. So, Alzheimer's is a type of dementia. There there's many others that I think are caused by different reasons, but it leads to it's it is progressive right now. Um, it leads to sort of it it starts off kind of mild, you know, you just forget names, forget dates. Um, you start having word recall problems. You know, you you look at an object on your desk, and you just can't remember the word, so you point to it and you say, "That that red thing over there." Um, people that do a lot of math in their professions find that they have trouble making calculations in their head as quickly as they used to. So, it starts off mild, but it becomes increasingly worse, and it it it progresses really to the end stage where people are not even able to care for themselves. They don't recognize family members. Um, it really impacts quality of life, not not for the person afflicted, but obviously for their their family and their their loved ones. Absolutely. And you know, one of the primary physical hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease is obviously the beta amyloid plaques and you know, these are often cited as a cause of Alzheimer's. Can you Can you clarify what they are and maybe shed some light on their on their actual role in in in the Alzheimer's progression? Yeah, sure. And I mean before I do that real quick, I'll just get down into one detail with Alzheimer's cuz I I gave kind of a general description. When I said they call this type 3 diabetes now or diabetes of the brain, it it's because the primary problem going wrong in the Alzheimer's brain is that neurons in the affected areas have lost the ability to get energy from glucose. So, Alzheimer's is really a metabolic problem and it's not something that's localized to the brain. It's happening because of of wholesale changes throughout the body and it's just affecting the brain the most. Um so it's really it's an energy crisis in the brain. These these brain cells are essentially starving to death because they're not able to fuel themselves properly. So, this beta amyloid is it it's supposed to be how they actually diagnose Alzheimer's because you can't detect it You can measure it in the cerebral spinal fluid, but you can only see these amyloid plaques in someone's brain after they die and you do an autopsy and you look at their brain. So, they've done some autopsies and they have seen that in people that die with a presumed diagnosis of Alzheimer's, many of them don't have a lot of this amyloid plaque in their brain. And people who die for other reasons do have a lot of this plaque, but they did not have dementia. So, either these plaques are not the cause of this problem or they're not the main cause. And every drug, and there have been multiple drugs, every pharmaceutical drug developed to reduce the formation of these proteins and plaques has been a failure. And I I say they've been a failure in the sense that they have reduced the formation of these proteins and plaques, but reducing that has done nothing to stop the disease progression. It's almost I I I compare them to the statin drugs. Statin drugs do lower people's cholesterol, but that doesn't protect them against heart attack and cardiovascular disease because cholesterol is not the problem in the same way that the beta amyloid is not the problem in the Alzheimer's brain. And it it may even be a protective factor, which is why when we have these drugs that reduce it, some people actually do worse. They start to decline faster. Yeah, so um I mean these these amyloid proteins I I I talk I I compare them to a fever. A fever is a protective mechanism. When when your body has a virus to fight off or some type of pathogen to fight off, you heat up your core temperature in an effort to kill those pathogens. And so that's a protective thing, but if the fever starts to go too high, then the fever itself is a problem. And it seems to be the same way with these amyloid proteins that when they are secreted in the brain, they're there for a protective reason, but when they're not cleared away properly and they start to build up and accumulate and form into these solid plaques in the brain, that becomes a problem. And things like oxidative stress can be a big increaser of this beta amyloid formation, correct? I Yes, oxidative stress can can increase it. I mean, especially if it's if it's being secreted as a protective mechanism. But I think you know, high high insulin levels also reduce the clearance of these amyloid proteins. Now, these proteins are secreted in everybody. They're a normal, you know, metabolic, biochemical thing. What seems to be the problem in the Alzheimer's brain is that they're not cleared away properly. So, they're left to accumulate and and solidify into what we call these plaques. And these plaques kind of get in the way. They they gunk up the spaces between the neurons. So, it makes them harder to It makes it harder to communicate from one neuron to the next. And And the result of that is this breakdown in cognitive function. Um but it's the thing that's supposed to clear away these proteins, oddly enough, is called insulin-degrading enzyme. And it's the same enzyme that does exactly what that sounds like. It clears away insulin. So, if your insulin levels are high all the time from your diet or from other different things that are going on in your body, um that enzyme is going to be too busy dealing with all the insulin, thus leaving those amyloid proteins to accumulate and solidify in your brain. Yeah, it's shocking stuff when we think about, you know, about 50% of the population now, I think it is, right, that are classified as pre-diabetic or diabetic. And of course, the weight gain and obesity levels are rising so dramatically. And you know, you're right about how, you know, a predominant metabolic hallmark of Alzheimer's is this reduced rate for the brain to use glucose, which I was amazed could be up to 45% lower uh in Alzheimer's patients. Um And one of the things being in medical school, we're always taught that, you know, the brain requires a certain amount of glucose, you know, 120, 140 g a day. Can you walk through how that's maybe an oversimplification of of physiology? What's going on with our brain? What fuels does it really need? Yeah, that's a great question. So, the brain does require glucose. Um the people listening probably know that if you switch over to to a very low-carb diet or a ketogenic diet, there are other fuels that the brain can use. But even when the brain is receiving a lot of these other fuels, it still does need some glucose. The thing is if we transition to some other way of eating where we're eating very, very little carbohydrate, very little glucose, in some cases none. I mean, there's a couple of people now doing what we call a zero carb experiment where they're literally eating nothing but animal, you know, protein and fat. They're really getting little to no outside glucose. The brain still has to have a way to get that glucose. So, when your body is being fueled primarily by something other than carbohydrate, you're going to produce a lot of ketones, and the ketones are an excellent fuel for the brain, and because those ketones are going to provide some percentage of fuel for the brain first, the brain now requires less glucose. It doesn't require 120 g. It requires something less than that. And the the bigger point is that just because the brain requires a little bit of glucose doesn't mean we have to ingest a lot of carbohydrate to provide that glucose. I say in my book that uh the human body is the ultimate reuse and recycle machine because we're very good at making things out of other things. And one of the things we can make out of a bunch of different other stuff is glucose. So, I mean, this is why if if your brain requires a certain amount of glucose, how is it that people can survive a 5-day water fast or a 10-day water fast? They don't die. That glucose is coming from somewhere. So, that's um Yes, the brain The brain requires glucose, but that doesn't mean that we have a an obligation to eat bagels. Absolutely. And the amazing thing being that, you know, the brain ketone metabolism, which you cite in your book, you know, isn't impaired in Alzheimer's like the glucose, which seems um incredible. Yeah, I mean, that to me is is the million-dollar piece right there because even though the the has trouble using glucose in this condition, it still takes up and uses ketones. Now, older people with very severe dementia do not take up and use the ketones as well as someone who's young and healthy, but they still do take them up and use them. And and to me, you know, there's a lot of other things going on in this illness and contributing to this illness, but that is like the most important, most obvious place to start. If the biggest problem in this condition is that these brain cells are basically starving, then we need to feed them. We need to nourish them, and ketones will do that. And frankly, you know, I don't I don't want to like sound harsh here or anything, but I don't know why this isn't already the standard of care. I I don't know why this isn't the first thing when you receive an Alzheimer's diagnosis, the first thing should be go on a ketogenic diet, and then we'll work out the details later. You know, the first the first order of business should be to to nourish these starving neurons. 100%. I mean, they those patients have to eat as well. So, yeah, you might as well get them on a program that's going to really be fueling the brain. And of course, in your book you you shift over to the question around cholesterol and you know, low-fat diets being the prevalent dietary dogma over the last 40 or 50 years. And you know, I was amazed to you know, the human brain accounting for only 2% of the body weight, but holding on to 25% of the body's cholesterol. So, what's going on with cholesterol for brain function? Oh, it's such a huge issue for the brain. Um yeah, you said it. A a full quarter of the of all the body's cholesterol is inside our brain. That's how important cholesterol is for the the physical structure and the function of the brain. Um the the myelin that that coats and protects these neurons is is mostly built out of cholesterol. All the cell membranes have, you know, a ton of cholesterol in them. So, they've they've been doing more and more studies lately. You know, and it's associational, it's epidemiological. we we can't prove cause and effect here, but it seems to be that higher cholesterol is actually protective for cognitive function later in life. Um, people with a higher cholesterol um, have lower risk of dementia and cognitive decline. And um, it's statin drugs that that lower cholesterol come with I I I don't know that they're warnings, I don't think they're warnings on the side of the box at this point, but if you go on the the Food and Drug Administration's website in the US or uh, the Mayo Clinic's website, they very clearly list memory loss, confusion, fuzzy thinking as side effects of these drugs, and they even say that these side effects go away once the drug is no longer being taken. And that's great, except how many doctors tell their patients to stop taking the statin even if they're complaining of memory loss and muscle pain and fatigue and all the other side effects that we know are directly tied to a deficiency of cholesterol. Yeah, it's definitely something that uh, you know, in my practice, men age 40, 50, 60, you know, the statin prescriptions are so so prevalent, and of course you see them the muscular pain, you see the libido effects, and of course you see things around cognitive function, and of course more of them are getting um, learning a bit more about this sort of connection, and so I think there's a bit more um, shift going on, which is which is tremendous, but it's amazing how they're sort of given out like candies to anyone who does present with Yeah, it's it's terrifying Right, and it's it's terrifying because I I don't think it's going too far to say that that statin drugs have directly contributed to the exploding incidence of this disease. Now, you know, low cholesterol or insufficient cholesterol is obviously not the only contributing factor to Alzheimer's, but it's a big one. And and like you said, they're giving these out like candy the the second your total cholesterol is over 200, they want to give you a drug, and they don't tell you that, you know, 10 years, 15 years down the line, you might end up with dementia, because it doesn't happen overnight. You know, nobody wakes up You don't take a statin and wake up a week later with Alzheimer's. It takes a very long time, so it's more difficult to connect that as cause and effect. Um but I don't I I don't know how anyone can look at the mechanisms of what statins do and look at the requirement for cholesterol in the brain and not think that that's a problem. Very well said, and of course, one of the things that oftentimes clients fall into is low cholesterol, low-fat diets is uh omitting egg yolks, of course, which are tremendous source of choline. Can you discuss that relationship between the benefits of choline for the brain? Yeah, so we um we've been scared away from egg yolks and and pretty much lots of other foods that have a lot of of fat and cholesterol in them. Um and egg yolks are, like you said, really probably the number one dietary source of something called choline. And um choline is a molecule that's a building block for acetylcholine, which is a neurotransmitter. It's It's a chemical that is very important for healthy uh learning and and memory. And it's I mean, it's also involved in like motor neurons, like helping you move and controlling your, you know, your muscles, but for in terms of Alzheimer's, it's it's more the the memory and learning, and and people with dementia do have lower levels of acetylcholine. Um and so it's this this whole thing really came from from the cholesterol scare, where we think if you eat too much cholesterol, you'll have high cholesterol, and then you'll have a heart attack. And that entire Both of those premises are not accurate. You know, eating cholesterol in for most people does very little to actually affect the levels of cholesterol in the blood. And then people that have cardiovascular disease or experience a heart attack, run the gamut of every cholesterol level under the sun. They're high and they're low and they're in between. The total level of cholesterol, you cannot predict heart attack or heart disease. And so, I think for for Alzheimer's patients or anyone with any kind of cognitive issue, brain fog, memory problems, even in the early stages, egg yolks are one of the best things you can eat. And and of course, our seniors and our elders um are really the ones that that were steeped in the the cholesterol scare. You know, people people like you and me are kind of learning that that that was wrong. And and some of the fats have been vindicated and given a free pass. Things like salmon and avocado and walnuts, we call these the politically correct fats. But they've yet to exonerate things like lard and butter and beef tallow from grass-fed animals, which you know, those are the fats that that people were eating for generations before any of these illnesses were a big thing. 100% and I mean, as you mentioned there, for a lot of doctors listening in, that low cholesterol number on a patient's blood labs is almost that little red flag to start to wonder, "Hey, what's going on with their dietary intake?" And maybe they are at increased risk, right? Yeah, I mean, low cholesterol is is probably far more dangerous than high cholesterol. You know, low cholesterol usually means something is going on in your body. You know, your body is is sucking up all that cholesterol because it needs it for repair or for or for some kind of problem that's going on. And so, the blood levels are kind of low. Um and and other than, you know, if you're taking a statin, they're going to be low anyway. So, it really when when you see someone with low cholesterol, I I wouldn't pat them on the back and say, "Congratulations." I would say, "What's what's wrong here?" Absolutely. And that dovetails into my next question here, which is, you know, another physical hallmark of Alzheimer's is these neurofibrillary tangles. Uh can you describe to folks what's going on here and how they affect the neurons? Yeah, so neurons have kind of a funny shape. Um they have It's hard to describe. Sometimes I describe it as like if you if you extend your arm in front of you and make a fist, um the fist or or don't make a fist. Put Spread your fingers out. Your palm is the body of the cell. Your fingers are called dendrites, and your arm coming out is is an axon. And those are just different parts of a neuron. But in order for these neurons to work properly and for them to communicate with each other and and brain function and cognition to happen the way it's supposed to, these neurons have to have that shape. They have to maintain that special shape, and if they don't, these cells are not going to work properly. And these neurofibrillary tangles are it's almost as if your your bones inside your arm or or whatever is holding that cell's shape in place, kind of like a scaffolding for the cell, if that scaffolding kind of crumbles and gets ruined and broken, then that cell jumbles up and it doesn't have the right shape. And that that happens a lot in Alzheimer's, and I I think this is actually also tied to the insulin signaling because insulin affects uh one of the proteins that keeps that cell shape. And so when insulin signaling is not properly happening in the brain, that that enzyme kind of goes to work and and I I can't think of a better word than jumbles up. It it just it it destroys that that scaffolding. And so those cells kind of lose their structural integrity. And then, you know, the natural the natural result of that is the kind of stuff that we see in Alzheimer's, which is like the breakdown of of cognition, memory loss, behavioral problems, personality changes. There's There's a saying in biochemistry that structure determines function. So, if if the structure of something is not right, the function is not going to be right, and that's what happens with these brain cells. And something that's really important for keeping healthy neurons is vitamin B12, and we often see low levels in older populations. Can you explain why? Yeah, B12 kind of is a a passenger along for the ride in the fat and cholesterol scare that that we've been living with for so many years. B12 is a I mean, you're you're correct. B12 insufficiency and overt deficiency are rampant, and I think it's incredibly under-recognized. Not just it especially in older people, but in younger people, too. It's It's incredibly under-recognized. I think the cutoff points are way too low. Um So, required for the myelin that I mentioned earlier. It's the substance that coats and protects the neurons, almost like when you're you're insulating a wire so that the wire doesn't short out. Same thing with your brain cells. Our Our brain communicates like electrochemically. They're electrical signals, and they have to be grounded. You need B12 to to synthesize this myelin. And very um I was going to say very severe B12 deficiency, but I think any sort of B12 insufficiency can affect cognition. And not only that, I think very severe B12 deficiency is actually misdiagnosed as dementia. And it's because these the B12 levels are either not being tested properly, or they're not even being looked for at all. You You people people think that this needs to be so complicated, so they start with all these super advanced testing and all this complex stuff instead of looking at the most basic fundamental things. Is this person deficient in critical nutrients for brain health? You know, and and B12 like I said, it was kind of a a passenger along with the cholesterol scare. B12 is highest in some of the foods that we've been warned against like egg yolks, um liver, shellfish, red meat, all of this food that's high in cholesterol and or saturated fat B12 was kind of a an unwitting bystander, so to speak. Like it it we we stopped eating B12, you know, when we stopped eating cholesterol. Yeah, and it's amazing cuz that population, you know, sort of grandparents generation that they were naturally eating all these foods. Had we not given them this advice, I mean, they would have just kept on eating the butter and the egg yolks and everything else. And of course, you see now the classic sort of tea and toast diet as people get older, you know, the consumptions of things that you know, like animal proteins and meats goes down and the appetite goes down and more breads and whatnot. So, it's definitely a tricky one to to solve. It's it's so hard especially for the very elderly because you know, I I do try to be realistic. If you take an 88-year-old that has dentures, that's weak they are not going to grill themselves a steak for dinner. They're going to eat a slice of bread or a blueberry muffin, something that's soft, something that they don't have to stand for 10 minutes and babysit on the stove. Um so, you know, we we hope that these people have caregivers or loved ones looking after them cuz it's it's not easy for older people to really cook and eat this kind of food. It can be done, but it's um it's not going to be their first choice. Very well said. If we shift gears here now to the genetic risk factors, you know, there's specific alleles of the APOE gene that are associated with higher risk of Alzheimer's. Can you walk us through who might be at risk? Yeah, this is this is one of my favorite topics because they call that APOE4 the Alzheimer's gene. Except that's very misleading because it it's it terrifies people who find out that they have this E4 gene. They they think it's a death sentence. I'm going to get Alzheimer's, you know. And it is true that having this gene very significantly increases your risk for Alzheimer's, but the majority of people who have Alzheimer's do not have the E4 gene. And not everyone who does have the E4 gene is going to develop Alzheimer's. So, it's a risk factor, but it doesn't actually cause the condition. Um what fascinates me about the E4 is that it it's believed that that gene is one of the older genes in the human population and it was forged before the advent of grain agriculture. So, cultures around the world that had a history of grain agriculture have a lower incidence of this gene. So, meaning that the people that have this gene are more suited toward a hunter-gatherer type diet. Um it doesn't mean it would be a ketogenic diet or a very low-carb diet, but they wouldn't have been getting a lot of carbohydrate from grain. They might have been eating, you know, tubers and fruit and things like beets. Um but they would have had probably a lower carbohydrate intake. Um and and with that lower carbohydrate intake, they may have had lower insulin levels and a lower need for insulin. And these E4s actually produce less of the insulin-degrading enzyme that I talked about before. So, I think that's why maybe these populations have much more significant buildup of those amyloid plaques because they they have less of an ability to clear away the amyloid. Um but that's I think that's really where the crux is because it's not that the E4 gene is dangerous in and of itself. It's a very bad mismatch to the modern diet where we're eating, you know, a constant influx of refined carbohydrate, you know, three, four times a day, some people more more often than that. so I think I think E4 is definitely not a uh it's not a death sentence. I don't think it's it's anything to worry about, but you do have to be a lot more careful than about what you eat and how you live. So you don't you don't trigger your increased susceptibility to this condition. So the old saying in terms of genes load the gun and things like diet, exercise, lifestyle, they pull the trigger is still still totally applicable for these folks that have that APOE variant. Exactly. And and for the people that don't have it because, you know, like I said, most people with Alzheimer's don't have E4. So clearly, you know, nobody is in the clear if if they don't have this gene. Like you're not you're not protected from Alzheimer's. Absolutely. And of course when I think of, you know, metabolic dysfunctions, I think mitochondria right off the bat. We had Dr. Martin Gibala, Dr. Brian Shaw Feldon uh the show talking all about the benefits of things like HIIT and exercise. Um you know, what's going on in processes like glycation and oxidation that impact the cell membranes of the mitochondria and therefore, you know, trickle down to impacting the brain. Um it's it's kind of it goes back to what I said about structure and function. If if the structure of of these neurons are is not correct, then they're not going to function properly. And one of the things that glycation does is glycation if if it sounds like glucose to people out there, you're right because glycation is it's when cells or or any proteins and structures in the body get gunked up with sugar, you know, to use the scientific term. Um when your blood sugar is constantly high, that that sugar has to go somewhere. It can't stay in the bloodstream forever, so it sort of latches on to wherever it can and sometimes it latches on to parts and pieces of these cells. And if these cells become all sticky and and mocked up with sugar, they can't work properly. So, that's that's the glycation and then the the oxidation is we we said before that our cells and the cell membranes are are largely built out of fat. And fats are susceptible to oxidation, which is you know, kind of a fancy word for damage. It's if if people have ever had a container of nuts sit around too long and it turns rancid, that's oxidation. That's your sign that that those fats have become damaged. It smells really bad. It tastes really bad. You know it's spoiled. Well, that happens to the fats that are in our cell membranes, too. and again, when that happens, when those fats are oxidized, that cell is not going to work properly. So, um there's all just all kinds of damage. And And those things, you know, glycation and oxidation are normal processes. They're They're going to happen to everybody. They're going to happen in healthy people. But when they become uncontrolled, when they become rampant and they overwhelm the body's ability to sort of deal with it in a natural manner, that's when it's a problem. And so, antioxidants like things like glutathione, superoxide dismutase, those are key for antioxidant defense. And I know um some clients of mine who are listening in might be thinking, well, I'll just, you know, load up on an antioxidant supplement and then I should be protected. Is that the best strategy or what would address really the root cause? Oh, yeah. I'm so glad you said that because there's um s- I think there's a lot of misconception about antioxidants and I don't think it's true that if you just ingest antioxidants that they're taken into the body without any change. You know, that if you take vitamin C or vitamin E or you know, superoxide dismutase in pill form that it reaches the the target destination and does what it's supposed to do. I think it's more important to ingest nutrients that help our body form our own internal or endogenous antioxidants. Things like superoxide dismutase and glutathione and catalase and those come from you know, they require sulfur, they require different amino acids. Um I think catalase needs iron. So we need foundational vitamins and minerals to make these enzymes and I don't think that loading up on the dietary antioxidants is going to achieve that. And you know, I'm not I'm not trying to make people afraid of like taking a vitamin C pill. You know, if if you get a cold or something, people still like to do that, but um I think it's far better to try and induce less damage that has to be you know, undone than to try to take a giant massive dose of antioxidants to undo it. Um and and some amount of quote unquote damage is totally normal. You know, it's just a natural byproduct of human metabolism of of breathing, of metabolizing food, we generate waste products, we generate some of these free radicals that do this cellular damage. That's normal. But we we sort of force our bodies to deal with a lot more of that damage when blood sugar is constantly high and insulin is constantly high and we eat some of these damaged fats like these vegetable oils that are kind of oxidized and rancid before you even eat them. Absolutely. If someone's sort of ready to get on board and you know, adopt a ketogenic diet to improve cognitive function, fight off things like Alzheimer's, you know, should they be testing for ketones in the short term in terms of urine, blood or breath or what's a good place to to dip their toe and get started? Oh, um I just wrote a huge blog post on some of the myths and misconceptions about measuring ketones. So, Perfect. We'll link to that. If Yeah, I it's it's a huge topic because I think there's a lot of misinformation about this and people get very worked up over their ketone levels when they don't even really understand how to interpret the numbers that they see. So, I think when somebody is first transitioning to a ketogenic diet, I think the urine testing can be helpful because more than anything, it's it's motivation. If you if you if if if people listening out there are not familiar with this, if you're on a ketogenic diet, you can get these reagent strips from the drugstore and you you urinate on the strip and it'll change color to show you your level of ketones. And that's a really good encouragement and motivator for people that are brand new to this. If they see the color change, that's confirmation for them that they've made the switch over from a more carbohydrate-based metabolism to a fat-based metabolism. So, it sort of tells them they're on the right track. Um I don't think they need to measure forever. I think it's something they can do every now and then. The blood ketone testing is actually very expensive. Um I know there's people who test a couple of times a day. They they must make a lot more than I do cuz I I couldn't afford to test like like they do, but that's also, I think, for someone that is in the throes of dementia, it might be good to test because you want to see that this person is actually generating ketones and then see if improvements in their cognition are are linked to their ketone level. Maybe when their ketones are a little bit on the high side, then this person is noticeably, you know, their their behavior is is better, their their memory is better. Um most people don't need to measure, but I think measuring can be helpful to again, like tell you that you're on the right track. It can give you some feedback about how different foods affect you, but blood ketones are very fickle. They They can be up or down for any number of reasons, and it it doesn't always mean that you're doing something wrong. So, I just recommend that, you know, if people are going to measure, they should really consult with somebody that can help them figure out why they see lower or high numbers at certain times. Yeah, I totally agree. I mean, I think it's a really nice way in the short term to get people motivated. People can see the changes that are going on, but it does get more and more complicated as people get through, especially even on the athletic and sports side of things. um, great insights there. Now, what about things like supplements, MCT supplements for for folks with dementia, Alzheimer's? Are they going to see benefit right off the bat? Can someone just take MCTs to boost ketone levels and and they're getting all the benefits? There have been, um, a lot of reports where, you know, anecdotal reports and a couple of clinical trials of using MCT oil where people do have noticeably improved cognitive function with with no other change to their diet or lifestyle than just taking MCT oil and in some cases coconut oil, which is high in the medium-chain triglycerides. And the reason this happens is because these MCTs are very easily converted into ketones to the point where even if somebody's still eating a high-carb diet and they're sedentary and they're not sleeping, they will have elevated ketones just from the MCTs. So, I think that is a great thing to do for someone who's either very elderly or of any age that is in a very advanced disease state. If they're very, you know, if the dementia is severe. For somebody younger who's maybe in the early stages of this, I think the MCT oil is good to use and it can help, but they still have plenty of time and plenty of ability to implement some of the other changes because the MCT oil is kind of a short-term fix. It's It's going to provide the body with the ketones in the short term, but as soon as those are metabolized, they're gone. You know, now compare that and and and just having those ketones is not going to do anything to potentially reverse the problems that are there that are causing this condition in the first place. Whereas, if somebody really makes a radical change to their diet and lifestyle, I think that can go some way to actually reversing some of the disease pathology and then that person, too, if you're on a very low-carb diet, you're going to be generating ketones 24/7 even at even at just a very low level. So, I think I think it's it's best to do both. Do the do a low-carb diet and take MCT or coconut oil, but if you're dealing with someone who is, you know, 79 years old, has dementia, is not going to give up their morning orange juice and toast in favor of, you know, eggs cooked in coconut oil, then let them eat what they want and just try to get them to take some MCT oil. Absolutely. And you you mentioned sort of on the lifestyle front there and I know there's a connection between poor sleep or fragmented sleep and Alzheimer's diseases. Can you comment on that? Yeah, there there's a couple of reasons. I think one of the reasons is that poor sleep or or broken sleep um reduces insulin sensitivity. It really It's amazing how much of this Alzheimer's comes down to insulin because so many of the interventions that have either been shown to be helpful or or there's you know, reasonable plausible mechanisms by which they might be helpful, they all improve insulin sensitivity. And a low-carb diet, sleep, exercise. So, getting good quality sleep, I think, does help us uh metabolize and use carbohydrates better. It probably helps us metabolize everything better. But, sleep also is really important for clearing away these amyloid proteins. You know, we said earlier that these amyloid proteins build up in the brain when they're not cleared away properly. Well, high insulin makes it harder to clear them away, but poor sleep makes it difficult, too, because they they've found that these proteins are more easily cleared away when we sleep than when we're awake. So, it's almost like when you're sleeping and your body doesn't have to devote I mean, I'm kind of simplifying it here, but when your body doesn't have to devote a lot of energy and resources towards, you know, keeping you up and and helping you do your work or or go for a run or something, it can then divert resources to cleaning house, so to speak. Like, clearing out old debris, getting rid of old, worn-out cellular parts. Just kind of like that's when the the the brain and the body does its maintenance is overnight while you sleep. And so, if you're only sleeping 5 or 6 hours a night, maybe you're supposed to be sleeping 7 or 8, you have less time for your body to do that. Uh great suggestions in terms of dietary, of course, lifestyle with sleep. You mentioned exercise, and we know that exercise increases uh brain-derived neurotrophic factor, BDNF. Is that What do we see in Alzheimer's patients with those levels? I think that Alzheimer's patients do have lower levels of BDNF, and exercise does increase it. And I think exercise is huge for insulin sensitivity, of course. Um but, it's it's interesting because exercise is, I think, a double-edged sword because people think that it's really good for you, which it is, but it's there there comes a point of diminishing returns. You know, there's a reason like like if people out listening are are familiar with Mark Sisson, and he was a professional triathlete, and he was sick all the time. He had respiratory infections all the time. He was kind of under the weather all the time, and it's because his body didn't have enough time for adequate repair. So, if you're going to work out really hard, you need to rest hard, too, and that's um something that I feel like younger people kind of don't respect. They just think they can go hard all the time every day, and that they need to go hard. They don't recognize the body's need for repair and recovery, but I will say that that's kind of a different issue if you're talking about someone who's elderly, you know, some of these people can't exercise. It's not safe for them, or they're not even physically able to exercise. And if that's the case, I think that the low-carb or ketogenic diet is the most important, most powerful thing to do for this condition. The exercise, better sleep, all that other stuff is is a bonus. It's going to help, but it's not the number one most important thing. So, to the extent that somebody older can exercise and can get moving, they should, but I don't think that somebody should feel like, "Well, you know, if my grandpa or my my wife is, you know, is is housebound, they can't exercise." That's not um that shouldn't be a deal breaker with trying to to help them with this. Absolutely. And you know, so much great advice here, Amy. I really want to, you know, thank you and and respect your time here a little bit. Um so, I'll shift into our last question of the day. A question I ask all my guests, and that is, how do you start your day? Is it coffee, exercise, writing? What's your morning routine like? Oh, it's it's coffee, and I I I almost want to say it's like a gallon of coffee. Um I I probably drink too much of it. I I am definitely a coffee girl. Um I I do probably drink too much of it, but yeah, I don't I don't have one of those, you know, killer morning routines where I meditate and then I run miles and um, I'm trying to get a little bit better about my mornings. I I quit a government job a couple of years ago do doing unrelated work to nutrition to to do my nutrition full time and and ever since then I have not been able to really get on a good kind of schedule, but I would like to. And for you in the morning with that coffee, are you a black coffee drinker or is it a bit of cream or how how do you like to take it? I am cream and and stevia. So, um, I'm I'm not a dietary saint. I'm not a purist. Um, I I do drink it I do drink it with cream and sweetener. Fantastic. Well, listen, really appreciate you taking the time out today. I could actually go on asking you questions all afternoon, but uh, you know, where can people keep up with your work and stay connected with you on social media? Um, my blog, my website is Tu it Nutrition. It's T U I T Nutrition.com and I have a My book is called The Alzheimer's Antidote and that's available on Amazon. Um, it may be available in some brick and mortar stores, but I'm not sure. I know it's on Amazon and I'm very active on Twitter. So, people can follow me there. The handle is uh, Tu it Nutrition. Awesome. Well, that

  Top Comments:
  1. @doctorbobdc [1 likes]: There's no money in telling people to eat fewer carbs.

- Food & Supplements for Brain Health & Cognitive Performance | Huberman Lab Essentials: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Huberman Lab Essentials, where we revisit past episodes for the most potent and actionable science-based tools for mental health, physical health, and performance. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today, we are talking all about food and the brain. We are going to talk about foods that are good for your brain in terms of focus, in terms of brain health generally, and the longevity of your brain, your ability to maintain pain, cognition, and clear thinking over time. We are also going to talk about why and how you prefer certain foods to others. And I'm going to talk about the three major signals that combine to drive your food choices. One of those signals comes from your gut and is completely subconscious. These are neurons in your gut that are sending signals to your brain that you are unaware of about the nutrient contents of the foods that you are eating. The second signal is how metabolically accessible a given food is, meaning how readily that food can be converted into energy that your brain, not your body, but that your brain can use. And the third signal is perhaps the most interesting one. It's the signal of belief. It's the signal of what you perceive and believe the food that you're eating to contain and what you think it can do for you health-wise and energy-wise. What are the things that directly impact brain health, and what are the foods that we can eat that will support brain health? Generally, when we think about neuron function and brain function, we default to a discussion about fuel, the fact that neurons use glucose, which is blood sugar, in order and that they require a lot of it. But, before we can even consider the fuels that neurons use in order to function, we have to talk about the elements that actually allow those neurons to be there and to stay healthy. What actually makes up those neurons? And that brings us to what I would argue is the most important food element for brain function, and that is fat. And that may come as a surprise, but unless one considers the water content of the brain, which is very high, a lot of our brain and a lot of the integrity of the nerve cells, the so-called neurons in our brain, and the other types of cells comes from fat. And that's because nerve cells and other cells in the brain have a external layer. It's what's sometimes called a double-layered membrane. It's essentially two thin layers that serve as a boundary between those cells, and that boundary is very important because how things pass across that boundary actually regulates the electrical activity of neurons, which is the way that neurons fire and communicate and keep you thinking and acting and doing all the good things that those neurons allow us to do. And those membranes are made up of fats, but they're not made up of the fats that are around our belly, around the other organs of our body. They're not made up of storage fat, they are made up of structural fat. And maintaining the so-called integrity of that structural fat, meaning the health of those neurons, is going to come in large part from the foods that we eat. So, what type of fat is it, and what should we eat in order to support that fat and those neurons? And the answer is the so-called essential fatty acids and phospholipids. Now, those are more or less the same thing, but I just want to make a very large literature very crystal clear. Essential fatty acids can include the so-called EPA variety or DHA variety. You hear about omega-3s and omega-6s. Most people are getting enough omega-6s from their diet. However, most people are not getting enough omega-3s in their diet to support healthy brain function in the short and long term. What are foods that are high in omega-3s that we should all probably be consuming at least on a daily basis. The number one is fish. Now, I don't know about you, but I'm not eating a lot of fish. I will from time to time, but that's one reason why one might want to supplement with EPAs from another source. But, also EPAs are found in chia seeds, in walnuts, in soybeans, and other plant-based foods. You can look these up online, and you'll immediately see that there are a lot of sources of EPAs. And many of the foods that I listed off might be appetizing to you. Some of them might be unappetizing to you, or some of them you might be sort of neutral about. But, it's very clear that eating foods that are rich in omega-3s and/or supplementing with omega-3s to get above that 1.5 g and ideally up to 2 or even 3 g per day of EPA can be very beneficial for cognitive function in the short and long term. The other compound that has been shown to be directly supportive of neuronal function is phosphatidylserine, which is abundant in meats and in fish. So, for those of you that do consume meat and fish, provided you're getting enough fish, you're probably getting enough phosphatidylserine. For those of you that are interested in supplementing with phosphatidylserine, it's a relatively inexpensive supplement that, again, is lipid-like. So, it's mimicking some of the same things that you would get from food, but in higher concentration. Now, after EPA fatty acids and phosphatidylserine, I would say third on the list of things that come from food that can readily support brain function would be choline. And that's because of the relationship to choline in the biosynthesis pathway for acetylcholine. Acetylcholine is a neuromodulator, not a neurotransmitter, but a neuromodulator in the brain. So, it's kind of a electrical highlighter pen, if you will, by analogy. That is the basis of much of what we call focus or or our ability to concentrate on a particular batch of information that's coming in through our eyes, our ears, our nose, or even things that we're just thinking in our head. And not surprisingly then, many of the treatments for Alzheimer's disease, which is an inability or challenges with remembering things and focusing, are drugs that impact the acetylcholine pathway and are aimed at enhancing the amount of acetylcholine that's available to neurons. And the primary source for dietary choline would be eggs and in particular egg yolks. Eggs are an incredibly rich source of nutrients for the brain. And that's because the egg actually, if you think about it, contains all the nutrients that are required in order for an organism to grow. So, if you're somebody who doesn't eat eggs or doesn't want to eat eggs, things like potatoes, nuts, and seeds, and grains, and fruit, they don't have as much choline as eggs, but they do contain cholines. In general, most people should probably strive to get somewhere between 500 mg and a gram of choline per day, so 1,000 mg. Next on my list of compounds that have been shown in peer-reviewed research to improve neuronal and brain function is creatine. Creatine can be derived from meat sources. It can also be supplemented. Creatine can actually be used as a fuel source in the brain. And it there's some evidence that it can enhance the function of certain frontal cortical circuits that feed down onto or rather connect to areas of the brain that are involved in mood regulation and motivation. What is the threshold level of creatine to supplement in order to get the cognitive benefit? Appears to be at least 5 g per day. Now, the most typical form of creatine is so-called creatine monohydrate. Think it's interesting that creatine supplementation of 5 g per day, that's creatine monohydrate, has been shown to improve cognition in people that aren't getting creatine from animal sources. So, I personally take creatine, 5 g per day, and have for a very long time. I can't say that I've noticed a tremendous benefit because I've actually never really come off it. And so I've never done the control experiment. I take it more as kind of a baseline insurance policy for me. But what I can say is that I generally consume these things like EPAs, creatine, alpha GPC to set a general context of support for my neurons, for my brain. And of course I do also pay attention to the foods that contain these various compounds. So I don't actively eat additional meat just to obtain creatine. I eat a fairly limited amount of meat. I don't restrict it, but I and I do eat meat. But I don't actively seek out creatine in my diet. Rather I use supplementation in order to hit that 5 g per day threshold. Next on the list of foods that are beneficial for brain health is one that you've probably seen pictures of online because there seems to be a practice of putting pictures of blueberries and other dark berries next to any title that says foods that benefit your brain. There are a lot of foods out there that have been purported to improve brain function. The interesting thing about blueberries and other berries, blackberries, dark currants, any of these thin-skinned berries that are purplish in color is that they contain what are called anthocyanins. Anthocyanins actually have some really nice data to support the fact that they improve brain function. Now whether or not it is direct effects on neurons or whether or not it is by lowering inflammation or some other modulatory effect isn't quite clear. But I think by now there's enough data to support the fact that eating a cup or two of blueberries pretty often every day or maybe you have blackberries or maybe it's black currants, that these anthocyanins are are good for us. That they are enhancing our overall well-being at a number of different levels. So, we've got EPA fatty acids, we've got phosphatidylserine, we've got choline, we've got creatine, and we have the anthocyanins, and the last item that I'd like to place in this list of food-derived things that can enhance brain function is glutamine. Glutamine is a very interesting amino acid. I've talked about glutamine on here before. There's some evidence, although somewhat scant, there's some evidence that glutamine can enhance immune system function. So, people will supplement with glutamine, or people can get glutamine from foods. Foods that contain a lot of glutamine are things like cottage cheese. There are also other sources of glutamine. Glutamine is rich in protein-rich foods, things like beef, chicken, fish, dairy products, eggs, but also for you non um animal-food uh consuming people out there, um vegetables, including beans, cabbage once again, spinach, parsley, things of that sort. So, those foods contain glutamine. For people that supplement with glutamine, generally they will take anywhere from a gram as much as 10 g per day. Why would they want to do that? Well, there's also some evidence starting to emerge that glutamine can help offset sugar cravings. In brief, we all have neurons in our gut that sense the amino acid content, the fat content, and the sugar content of the foods that we eat, and signal in a subconscious way to our brain whether or not the foods that we're we are eating contain certain levels of certain amino acids. And so, we actually have glutamine-sensing neurons in our gut that actually have their little processes, their little um axons and dendrites, as we call them, in the mucosal lining of the gut. They're not just sensing glutamine, but when they do sense glutamine, they respond, and they send signals to the brain that are signals of satiation, of satisfaction, and in doing so can offset some of the sugar cravings that many people suffer from. So, that more or less completes the list of things that, at least by my read of the literature, are things that are supported by at least three and, in some cases, as many as hundreds of studies in various populations that have been explored in mouse studies, often, but also in a number of human studies. I want to emphasize again that all of the things I listed out, whether or not it's EPAs, whether or not it's phosphatidyl serine, whether or not it's choline, whether or not it's the various compounds that are in berries, etc., all of those can be extracted from food. There is not any law that says that you have to get them from supplementation. Supplementation can help you get to the very high levels of those things if you want to work on the higher end, if that's right for you. Obviously, check with your doctor before taking anything or removing anything from your diet or supplement regime. in general, you can get these things from foods. It just so happens that for some of these compounds, the foods that they're contained in, like fish, are not foods that I particularly enjoy. And so, I rely on Excuse me, I rely on supplements in order to get sufficient levels for me. But, again, you can get these levels from food. And the reason I made this list, the reason that I emphasize these things in this particular order is that they support the structure of neurons, they support the structure of the other cells of the brain that make up our cognition and that are important for our focus and our ability to remember things and so forth. And they are less so in the category of so-called modulatory effects. They will also have modulatory effects on sleep, on inflammation, or reducing inflammation throughout the body, on cardiovascular function, all of which, I believe, are positive effects. At least, what the literature tells us is that none of these compounds are harming other systems of the body, provided they are taken at reasonable levels. everything in this list is directed towards answering the question, "What can I eat? What can I ingest by way of food and or food supplement that can support brain function in the short-term and in the long-term?" So, I hope you find that list beneficial for you, if not for use, at least for consideration. So, now having talked about some of the foods and micronutrients that are beneficial to our immediate and long-term brain health, I'd like to shift gears somewhat and talk about why it is that we like the foods that we like. We've all heard before that we are hardwired to pursue sugar and to like fatty foods and that calorie-rich foods are attractive to us for all sorts of reasons, you know, surviving famines and things of that sort. And while that is true, the actual mechanisms that underlie food-seeking and food preference are far more interesting than that. There are basically three channels in our body and nervous system by which we decide what foods to pursue, how much to eat, and whether or not we will find a particular food attractive, whether or not we will want to consume more of it, whether or not we want to avoid it, or whether or not it's just sort of so-so, what I refer to as the yum, yuck, or meh analysis. And indeed, that's what our nervous system is doing with respect to food. So, let's talk about what these three channels for food preference are. The first one is an obvious one. It's taste on the mouth. It is the sensation that we have of the foods that we eat while we're chewing them, and those sensations, which are literally just somatosensory touch sensations, you know, the the palatability of food as it relates to the consistency of food. That's important. And as you've all heard before, we have sensors on our tongue and elsewhere in our mouth that detect the various chemicals contained within food and lead to the senses of taste, which we call bitter, sweet, umami, salty, and sour. The umami receptor is a receptor that responds to the savory taste of things. So, that's uh what you might find in a really wonderfully rich tomato sauce. For those of you that eat meat and like meat, um a really well-cooked, not necessarily well-done, but properly cooked, I should say, steak, uh if that's your thing. And umami is present in both plant and animal foods and gives us that sensation of savoriness. So, we have those five basic tastes. Those are chemical sensors on the tongue that what we call transduce those chemicals. Those chemicals literally in food bind to those receptors and it is transduced, meaning the binding of those chemicals to the receptors is converted into an electrical signal that travels in from the tongue along what's called the gustatory nerve, then synapses, meaning meaning it makes connections in our brainstem, in the so-called nucleus of the solitary tract. There are other nuclei back there. Nuclei are just aggregates of neurons. And then it sends information up to the so-called insular cortex. The insular cortex is a incredible structure that we all have that mainly is concerned with so-called interoception, or our perception of what's going on inside our body. So, it could be the amount of pressure in our gut because of how much food we've eaten. It could be the acidity of our gut if we're having a little bit of indigestion, for instance. And not surprisingly, the taste system sends information up to the insular cortex to give us a sense, literally, of what we've ingested, whether or not what we're tasting tastes good or not. What this means is that your perception of what you like is a central, meaning within deep within the brain, phenomenon. It's not about how things taste on your mouth. But as we'll see in a few minutes, turns out that that is not a direct relationship that is hardwired. You can actually uncouple the preference for particular tastes with the reward systems in the brain. It's actually possible to rewire one's sense of taste and preference for particular foods. But the most important thing to understand is that like with our hearing, like with vision, like with smell, taste is an internal representation that has particular goals for you. Your sense of what tastes good is related to particular things that are occurring in your brain and body and that are likely to give your brain and body the things that it needs. It is not simply a matter of what you {quote} like or what tastes good or what doesn't taste good. Let me give you a relatively simple example of how your body and your brain are acting in a coordinated way to make you prefer certain foods and indeed to pursue certain foods more. So I just mentioned you have neurons on your tongue that respond to different tastes. But of course your digestive tract isn't just your tongue, it's also your throat. Goes all the way down to your stomach and of course your intestines. Here's a long tube of digestion. All along that tube there are neurons. Some of the neurons are responding to the mechanical size of whatever portion of the digestive tract it happens to be. So for instance, how distended or empty or full rather, it doesn't have to be distended. How depends on how much you ate, but how full or empty your gut happens to be. Whether or not something you just ate is temperature hot, you know, is hot in the sense of hot to the touch or whether or not it's spicy hot, whether or not it's soothing, whether or not it's kind of hard to swallow, this kind of thing. So, you have neurons all along your gut that are responding to the mechanics related to food and digestion, and that are related to the chemistry of food and digestion. There's a population of neurons, nerve cells, in your gut that are exquisitely tuned to the chemistry of whatever it is in your gut. And these are neurons called neuropod cells. They respond to amino acids, sugars, and fatty acids. So, as your food is digested, as food lands within your gut, neurons there are sensing what types of foods are available, and what types of things are making their way through the gut environment. And these particular neurons send electrical signals up into the brain through a little passage that we call the nodose ganglion. The nodose ganglion is a a cluster of neurons that then go for send up their own processes into the brain and trigger the release of dopamine, which is a molecule that inspires motivation, reward, and more seeking for whatever it is led to their activation. These are super interesting neurons, because what they're essentially doing is they are providing a subconscious signal about the quality of the food that you're eating, what it contains, and then triggering the release of a molecule within your brain, dopamine, that leads you to go seek more of those foods. So, now I've mentioned two of the three mechanisms by which we prefer certain foods. One is from the actual taste that we're familiar with, the taste on our tongue and in our mouth, and the sensations that make us go or or uh the yum yuck meh responses as I referred to them earlier. And then there's this subconscious signaling coming from the gut that's really based on the nutrient content of the foods. There's a third pathway, which is the learned association of a particular taste with the particular quality or value that a food has. And this is where things get really interesting and where there's actually a leverage point for you to rewire what it is that you find tasty and that you want to seek more of. We are driven, meaning we have mechanisms in our brain that make us motivated to pursue more of what brings both a taste of sweetness, but also that brings actual changes in blood glucose levels up. Okay, so we are motivated to eat sweet things not just because they taste good, but because they change our blood sugar level. They increase our blood sugar level. What your brain, meaning what you are seeking when you eat is not taste, is not dopamine, is not even a rise in blood glucose. What you're seeking, even though you don't realize it because it's subconscious, is you are seeking things that allow your neurons to be metabolically active. And this is fundamentally important for understanding why you eat, why you eat particular foods, and how you can change your relationship to those foods. Now, earlier I referred to these circuits as wired to do something. And in biology and in particular neuroscience, we talk about something being hardwired or soft-wired. Hardwired meaning that it's there and it's immutable, it cannot be changed. Soft-wired meaning it's very amenable to change. The taste system and this general system of seeking particular foods, similarly, is hardwired to obtain certain types of nutrients. It tends to like sweet things. Most children naturally like sweet things, some more than others. So, there's some hardwiring of preference, but there's also some soft-wiring in the system that allows it to change. So, the experiments that were done that beautifully illustrate that you seek out particular foods because of the way they taste, because of their impact on blood glucose levels, but also on their impact on the dopamine system, even if your blood glucose levels don't change. So, here's the experiment. One group of subjects is given a sweet taste of a substance that also raises blood glucose levels, blood sugar, and dopamine goes up, not surprisingly. Second condition, separate subjects consume an artificial sweetener or a non-caloric sweetener. It is not preferred much over other substances, but it is sweet, so it's preferred somewhat, and it does not cause an increase in blood glucose levels. And not surprisingly, dopamine levels don't go up. So, initially, we don't tend to like artificial sweeteners that much. However, if subjects continue to ingest artificial sweeteners, even though there's no increase in blood glucose level and therefore no increase in brain metabolism, dopamine levels eventually start to rise. And when those dopamine levels eventually start to rise, you've essentially conditioned or reinforced artificial or non-caloric sweetener, and then subjects start to consume more of it and they actually get a dopamine increase from it. So, that's interesting. It says that consuming more of these artificial sweeteners can start to tap into the dopamine system and lead us to seek out or consume more of these artificial sweeteners. Now, there's another condition that's been explored, and that's the really interesting condition, and it's the condition where an artificial sweetener is paired with a substance that can increase blood sugar, but not because it tastes sugary like a normal sweet substance. The natural world scenario where this would happen would be drinking a diet soda, which contains no calories and therefore would not increase blood glucose, but is sweet, with a food that increases blood glucose. And when that happens, what you're essentially doing is tapping into the dopamine system. This non-caloric sweet that sweet taste is paired with it, and there's an increase in in neuron metabolism. So, you have all of the components for reinforcement, and as a consequence, you get in a sort of Pavlovian conditioning way a situation where later, when you ingest that artificial sweetener, you actually get not only the increase in dopamine, but you get alterations in blood sugar management. I'll make this in the natural world context. If you ingest an artificial sweetener, say drink diet soda while consuming foods that increase blood glucose, then later, even if you just drink the diet soda, it's been shown that you secrete much more insulin, the hormone that regulates blood glucose, in response to that diet soda. And the simple extractor tool from this is if you're going to consume artificial sweeteners, very likely best to consume those away from any food that raises blood glucose levels. So, if you're going to enjoy diet soda, be my guest, but do it while not while consuming food. In particular, foods that raise blood glucose because what these studies show is that they can disrupt blood sugar management by way of the insulin glucose system. Studies by my colleague Alia Crum in the psychology department at Stanford have explored the bodily response in terms of insulin release and the release of other food and eating-related hormones, as well as overall feelings of satisfaction, etc., in groups of people that drink a milkshake and are either told that it's a low-calorie shake that contains uh various nutrients that are good for them or a higher calorie shake that has a lot of nutrients, etc. And what they found was that the different groups, and here again I'm being very general with my description of these studies, but what they found is that the physiological response, the insulin response, the blood glucose response, and the subjective measures of whether or not people enjoyed something or not were heavily influenced by what they were told were in these milkshakes. So, blood glucose would go up, insulin would go up when people were told it was a high-calorie shake with lots of nutrients, less so when people ingested a shake that was uh you know, that they were told had less nutrients and so forth. When in reality, it was the identical shake. This is incredible. This is a belief effect. This is not placebo, right? A placebo effect is different. Placebo effect is in comparison, it's where the control condition actually influences outcomes to a same or to some degree just like the experimental condition. This is a belief effect where the belief and the subjective thoughts about what a given food will do has a direct impact on a physiological measure like blood sugar and blood glucose. Okay. So, let's zoom out from this for a second and think about how we can incorporate this into adopting consumption of healthy foods that serve our brain health in the immediate and long term. What this means is obviously you want to consume foods that you like, but because brain health is very important and many of the foods that promote brain health perhaps are not the most palatable to you or desirable to you. If you want to eat more of a particular food because it's good for you, pair it with that other food that provides you a shift in brain metabolism, because that's really what your brain and you are seeking even though you don't realize it. How long will this take? Well, the data really point to the fact that even within a short period of time of about 7 days, but certainly within 14 days, that food will take on a subjective experience of tasting at least better to you if not good to you. Now, I believe this has important implications for much of the controversy and food wars that we see out there. Food wars being of course these groups that ardently subscribe to the idea that their diet and the things that they are eating are the foods that are good for us and that are the most pleasurable and the things that everyone should be eating. We see this with every community within the nutrition realm. What's very clear, however, is that what we consume on a regular basis and what leads to increases in brain metabolism, leads to increases in dopamine and thereby our motivation to eat them. So, what this really says is that what we tend to do regularly becomes reinforcing in and of itself and I think in large part can explain the fact that, yes, indeed, for certain people a given diet not only feels good, but they heavily subscribe to the nutrient and kind of health beneficial effects of that diet. What this emphasizes is that foods impact our brain and its health, but that they also impact how our brain functions and responds to food. And that is largely a learned response. We can't completely override, for instance, that certain foods evoke a strong yuck component. Certain foods are truly putrid to us, but it's also true that if we continue to eat foods that are progressively sweeter and sweeter and highly palatable, it shifts our dopamine system because it activates our dopamine system to make us believe that those foods are the only foods that can trigger this reward system and make us feel good and taste and that they taste good. But after consuming foods that perhaps are less sweet or even less savory that are not what we would call highly or I would say nowadays it's super palatable foods, we can adjust our sense, literally, of what we perceive as an attractive and rewarding food. And indeed the dopamine system will reward those foods accordingly. Put simply, we don't just like sweet foods because they taste good. We like them because they predict a certain kind of metabolic response. If you want to learn more about food reward and food reinforcement, cuz it turns out those are slightly different things, there's a wonderful review written by Ivan de Araujo, they have a middle author Mark Shaker, and Dana Small. It's called Rethinking Food Reward and it was published in the Annual Reviews of Psychology. You can find it very easily online. It was published in 2019. And it's a beautiful deep dive, although quite accessible to most people, about how different foods and the way that we perceive them impacts our brain and body and why we like the things we like and how to reshape what we like. So once again, we've done a fairly extensive deep dive into food and your brain. Came up with a relatively short list of what I would call superfoods. And we also talked about food preference and why particular tastes and particular events within the gut and particular events within the brain combine to lead us to pursue particular foods and to avoid other foods and how you can leverage those pathways in order to pursue more of the foods that are going to be good for you and good not just for your brain, but for your overall body health and to enjoy them along the way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [111 likes]: Thank you for watching. Please click the subscribe tab and then the "bell" icon to subscribe to our channel here on YouTube and get notified when new content is posted... And thank you for your interest in science!   -- Andrew
  2. @habitengine12 [4 likes]: Fats really drive brain health—prioritize omega‑3s (fish, chia, walnuts), phosphatidylserine from meat/fish, choline in eggs/potatoes, creatine for frontal circuits, and berries for memory. Small, consistent food choices = noticeable gains.
  3. @PeterViet [1 likes]: When I was a kid, I couldn’t stand even the tiniest streak of fat on a piece of ham. Now that I’m an adult, I crave it and can’t wait to eat the fattiest meat possible.
My theory is that my brain realized this is the type of food I feel best eating, so it gradually changed my dislike into a preference. Super interesting.
  4. @JoelLacerda-m3u [1 likes]: Hi teacher, thanks for your videos. I moved from Brazil a year ago and found your channel a few weeks ago. I am a health professional too; I came here to study and improve my career. Your channel is fantastic, congratulations!
  5. @GurkeeratKaur-n3v: Planet Ayurveda Neuro Plan Syrup encourages better focus and mental clarity.
  6. @AbdulWaheedKhankhanzada: Is there any peptide for ver short term memory loss. I am on Trizepitide for 10 weeks starting from from 2.5 mg four  doses and then switching to 5.0 and then 7.5 mg so on. Just to want to know is there any peptide for short term memory loss
  7. @Aditya-j5b3t: I was looking for a natural supplement to support brain health, and Planet Ayurveda Brahmi Extract Capsules have been the perfect choice. Highly recommended!
  8. @MindDR-e8t: Thanks, this is what a true professional sounds like.
  9. @FlowRXOXOXO: Excellent research, and teaching! Thank you😊
  10. @CedarRose7: I have Epilepsy so i take brain health seriously. To ensure that after a seizure my brain can heal itself, and overall support of proper function of neurons. I take Omega 3 Triple Strength, Vitamin D3 w K2, E, CoQ10 and Magnesium Glycinate. Adding Collagen Peptides soon, but that is for my joints.
  11. @rosabelunscripted: Great breakdown. What I appreciate most is that it stays anchored to the evidence. On my channel @rosabelunscripted I also cover brain health supplements but always through my clinical lens as a Neurology Nurse Practitioner — what actually works, for whom, at what dose, and when the marketing has gone way beyond what the science supports. If you want that level of depth without the hype, come take a look. 🧠
  12. @tylercoombs1: A key point to consider with creatine is that if you are very active both at work and during your free time, you will likely need to take more than 5 grams per day to maintain proper saturation.

I have gone through cycles of taking breaks from creatine, and since I need to consume 3,500 to 4,000 calories per day to maintain a caloric surplus, I noticed a significant drop in energy later in the day. However, it's important to note that this observation is subjective and not scientifically controlled.

I have done cycles off, and because on any given day I need to consume 3500-4000 cals per day to maintain a surplus, I did feel a substantial energy drop later in the day. Of course, this is not controlled and subjective.
  13. @SuperDuperSupplements: Good Info on brain health. Our video on 7 simple ways to keep your brain sharp can also help.
  14. @typesister6984: Is this information backed up by data or what is a source of it?
  15. @ruthfearnide-l9q: 27:00 dont talk down to our food, talk it up instead
  16. @jaka6409: It is absolutely unnatural to not find nutrient dense, healthy foods delicious. As someone who grew up eating whole foods only, my favorite as a child was offal (especially chicken hearts and beef liver), carrots and beetroot. Fast food and processed trash has ruined your tastebuds if you don‘t like meat, fish, vegetables and fresh fruit.
  17. @BetsAmbience: i like those videos
  18. @Gatubela1: Ginkgo biloba is awesome for the  brain too
  19. @DoctorBrainGoodMD: amazing
  20. @Aditya-j5b3t: I really like how Medhya Powder from Planet Ayurveda enhances mental clarity naturally.

- Effect of Ketones on Brain Metabolism: Rationale for Ketotherapeutics: Kind: captions Language: en i'd like to thank the organizers for inviting me to give this presentation on ketone bodies in the brain and their use in neuroketo therapeutics i'm going to try to give some of the rationale for why neuroketo therapeutics may be useful in alzheimer's disease and by extension its frequent syndromic precursor mild cognitive impairment we've certainly recognized for several decades since the 1980s that glucose utilization is uh reduced in alzheimer's disease and we know this through studies of fluorodeoxyglucose pet studies in which individuals are given an injection of a radiolabeled sugar which distributes throughout the brain and you can see here that in certain parts of the brain here posteriorly it's like the lights have gone out and one of my first uh research projects in the alzheimer's field was was trying to understand uh why glucose utilization begins to decline in brains of alzheimer's disease as demonstrated on fluorodeoxyglucose pet scans here's a picture of me uh 1987 in that laboratory at new york university the way we did those studies was to take brains from individuals who had just passed away with alzheimer's or without alzheimer's and we would homogenize the brains and we would add the homogeneous to a sealed chamber uh to which you would add a radio-labeled glucose which would be metabolized by the enzymes in the homogeneity pyruvate and then that pyruvate would enter the mitochondria and enter the krebs cycle and that carbon would be released as carbon dioxide which would be captured in a bowl here in the sealed chamber and we can then count how much of the radioactive carbon dioxide was released and what we saw was that brain homogeneous homogenous from young control individuals had a relatively robust rate of glucose utilization brains from older individuals who were cognitively normal at a somewhat lower rate of glucose utilization and brain homogeneous from those with alzheimer's disease showed a much lower rate of glucose utilization so basically we were able to corroborate what the fdg pet scans were showing and it appeared that this problem with glucose utilization uh has to do with the brain tissue itself one thing we considered is whether uh the brain might be able to utilize an alternative fuel other than glucose and of course in the brain the main alternative uh fuel are ketone bodies like beta hydroxybutyrate so we repeated this this brain homogeneous experiment by adding beta hydroxybutyrate to the homogenous and the beta hydroxybutyrate would enter the mitochondria interact with the krebs cycle radio labeled carbon dioxide would be released and we were able to quantify the amount of radioactive carbon dioxide that accumulated and what we saw was that beta hydroxy butyrate utilization rates uh essentially recapitulated those for glucose so the amount of beta hydroxybutyrate utilized the rate of utilization was similar to that of glucose for the control brains and for the alzheimer's brains as well and for those who remember their biochemistry class where glucose utilization and ketone body utilization pathways overlap is in the mitochondria which suggested to us at the time perhaps there was a problem with mitochondria in alzheimer's disease and this is subsequently been borne out and uh around that time we actually proposed uh using ketone bodies to augment glucose utilization actually try and treat people with alzheimer's disease and this is uh from an abstract that we published in 1989 in which we proposed that ketone bodies may serve as a potential alternate metabolic substrate in alzheimer's disease well certainly the idea of therapeutic ketosis is not a new idea we see references to this all the way back in ancient greece hippocrates wrote that fits or seizures could be treated with fasting and fasting of course if done long enough and rigorously enough will induce ketosis it's referred to um also in in the bible in the book of matthew epileptic seizures where felt reflect demonic possession and if you um fasted and starved out the demons then then you wouldn't be shaking anymore um in the 20th century an alternative the fasting was developed to mimic fasting and that was a ketogenic diet in which individuals dramatically reduce their carbohydrate intake and dramatically increase their fat intake and this actually manages to mimic fasting and induce ketosis this slide just reviews the the biochemical pathways that are involved in this not to belabor it but if you fast or you're on a ketogenic diet you're not eating carbohydrates insulin levels drop dramatically and when insulin levels drop you begin to mobilize that that's stored in your your adipose and that fat will uh go to the liver fatty acids will enter the mitochondrion undergo fatty acid oxidation to generate ketone bodies which are released into the blood traverse the blood and are taken up by other tissues such as the brain where the ketone bodies then enter the mitochondria interact with the krebs cycle and are used to generate high energy electrons that can feed oxidative phosphorylation and the electron transport chain it actually took me several years to complete a a study of a ketogenic diet intervention in people with alzheimer's disease this trial was called the ketogenic diet retention and feasibility trial or k draft it was an exploratory study in which we enrolled 15 individuals with alzheimer's disease participants were maintained for three months on a ketogenic diet supplemented by a medium chain triglyceride they performed self-monitoring for ketosis using urine ketone strips and they had cognitive testing before they initiated the diet after three months on the diet and after one month of the diet wash out this figure here shows the the flow of the study and i'll just mention that it took us quite a while to recruit our 15 participants um almost two years and we had to uh pre-screen uh close to 300 individuals to get our 15 participants targeted macronutrient composition was 70 percent energy is fat and this included fat taken in through medium chain triglycerides and carbs were restricted to less than 10 percent of energy so this was actually a fairly liberal ketogenic diet um we didn't use the most rigorous uh versions of the ketogenic diet the medium chain triglyceride that we used was a combination of c8 and c10 fatty acids uh not the um the mct that you're going to hear about later from from dr kunin the patients were able to tolerate some uh medium chain triglyceride one and a half to three tablespoons a day which actually fell short of the targeted volume but uh it was getting up there and the participants also took a daily vitamin supplement i had uh anticipated that participants who are most demented would have the easiest time on the diet since they would most likely simply eat what their caregivers gave them uh like so many things i was wrong the uh those who who had the more advanced alzheimer's disease were unable to uh maintain the diet uh in retrospect because the caregivers were so already so overburdened by caring for them that they were not able to initiate and maintain the diet those participants who had very mild alzheimer's disease defined by a clinical dementia rating scale or cdr scale of 0.0.5 tolerated were able to maintain the diagnosis fairly well as were those with mild alzheimer's disease those with cdr scores of one there was one participant who um who adhered to the diet but was protocol non but did not adhere to the uh protocol and that he cancelled his um he stopped taking his alzheimer's medications his donepezil and his mementine but nevertheless we include him here in the data analysis in terms of anthropometrics the diet really didn't change the the weights or the body mass index of the participants cholesterol levels trended up but were not significantly increased not certainly not from a statistical standpoint insulin levels and glucose levels did not change really the one thing that changed was what the participants were eating so they increased their fat intake and decreased their carbohydrate intake to within the the target levels that we had specified this shows uh the amount of time spent in ketosis as ascertained by people's daily urine keto sticks and of the the the 10 individuals who adhered to the diet all of them at some point reached ketosis it was often fairly a low level trace ketosis some people reached higher levels of ketosis if you average all of this together those in the study reach ketosis on average about 61 about 60 of the days this shows the uh the serum levels of beta hydroxy butyrate that we measured and you can see here that things that the beta hydroxybutyrate levels in the serum start out low and then one month after uh the diet is initiated the levels rise and then they kind of become steady in months two and three before uh in general washing out at least in those who who stopped the diet as as they were supposed to do this shows the average um serum beta hydroxybutyrate levels uh an initial robust increase and then these increases here at months two and three before um washing back out to baseline levels these are the cognitive data for the protocol non-inherent participant who stopped his alzheimer's medications he actually showed a decline in cognition over the three months there was one participant whose cognition neither improved or declined over the three months the other eight individuals whether they were very mild or mild alzheimer's disease appeared to show improvements in um incognito performance demonstrated on a cognitive scale called the addis cog or the alzheimer's disease assessment scale just to give you some perspective an improvement of about six points or more is really an improvement that you can see from across the room this caption um breaks out a little bit more about what we saw in terms of the cognitive testing from testing session to session and i'll show you that that uh yeah here's the the one individual who was protocol non-compliant but for the protocol compliant individuals who maintain the diet you tended to see their cognitive scores improve over the first three months while they were on the diet and then revert back to baseline after the washout this puts a numeric spin on the cognitive testing so for all participants there was about a four point improvement on the addis cog if you leave out the protocol non-compliant individuals about five points the the mmse improved by about a point and just again to give some perspective the amount of change on the attis cog that's seen over about three months trials with cholinesterase inhibitors is more around two points so an improvement of about four points is what was to us anyway quite encouraging well the question comes up as to what exactly is ketosis or um or ketogenic diet doing to the brain on a molecular level and a lot of groups have have looked at this question um we're still not sure exactly how a ketogenic diet affects molecular pathways in the brain one limitation to this is that the brain in many of these studies is considered as a single organ but it's not really homogeneous um in terms of being a tissue it consists of neurons and and glial cells and these cells are quite different from a metabolic perspective from an energy metabolism perspective so to try and get more insight into this we uh performed a study in mice in which we placed mice on a ketogenic diet for three months and then we performed rna-seq we looked at how the diet was changing their rna transcriptome to look for for changes in molecular pathways now the mice on the ketogenic diet they generated ketosis their blood glucose levels declined over their three months on the diet they avoided the weight gain that was seen in the mice on the chow diet both groups those on the chow and on the ketogenic diet both consumed equal amounts of calories this is a keg pathway analysis of the rna-seq data and what it's looking for is changes in molecular pathways that are uh that are identified by a computer software looking for changes in patterns of gene expression of rna gene expression changes and we indeed found that neurons and astrocytes respond quite differently to a ketogenic diet so for example insulin signaling pathway in neurons was dramatically upregulated which we suspect indicates the need for neurons to want to increase glucose utilization in the face of decreased glucose delivery whereas in the astrocytes the astrocytes actually down regulated their insulin signaling pathway and we wonder if this is represents an attempt to um prevent glucose utilization by the neurons and importantly we saw this robust increase in gene expression in or expression of genes that support oxidative phosphorylation so the neurons are trying to upregulate oxidative phosphorylation this type of mathematical analysis also lends itself to looking for changes uh connect to different disease states so we found that mice on the ketogenic activate altered molecular pathways that are changed in alzheimer's disease so and this was primarily being driven by changes in oxidative phosphorylation gene expression so specifically in alzheimer's disease oxidative phosphorylation gene expression goes down in a ketogenic diet oxidative phosphorylation gene expression goes up and for that reason alzheimer's disease was the top uh disease that or as being connected to a ketogenic diet this all raises again further questions as to how a ketogenic diet affects molecular physiology and i've gone over the obvious point that there are bioenergetic effects but just by putting carbon uh into the mitochondria in the krebs cycle we also shift neurotransmitter balances by changing fundamental mitochondrial physiology and how cells respond to that physiology we may be reducing oxidative stress ketone bodies and acetyl groups in general that are produced from ketone bodies can modify histones and dna and thereby alter gene expression so that's an important change to consider and there are also um there are also receptors in neurons that recognize ketone bodies and activating some of those receptors may actually um lead to decreases in inflammation there are actually other studies that um that show the effects of a ketogenic diet and those with mild the first is a study of cricorian at all which randomized participants to a low carbohydrate or a high carbohydrate diet those on the low carbohydrate diet showed improvements in a memory score and improvements in this memory score correlated with urine ketones the study of brent at all studied a collection of individuals with mild cognitive impairment in early randomizing them to either a modified atkins diet which generated ketones to a heart healthy diet and after six months those on the ketogenic diet who had ketones showed memory score improvements and finally the study of methadol which randomized those with subjective cognitive impairment and mild cognitive impairment to um initially a mild a modified mediterranean ketogenic diet or a heart healthy diet kept them on that diet for six weeks and then crossed them over to the other diet they found that spinal fluid beta amyloid and cow levels changed in directions opposite to those that occur in the in the natural alzheimer's state which was taken as as a potentially good sign and also there were increases in cerebral perfusion observed in those on the ketogenic diet which was taken as a good sign so just to conclude there is a strong using neuroketo therapeutics in alzheimer's disease and by its extension and by extension in its syndromic precursor mild cognitive impairment these trials that that make this point are exploratory and we need more trials bigger trials but we do know that people generally don't like to change their diet so alternative approaches to generating ketone bodies are are certainly important and important to look at and finally i like to acknowledge the many individuals institutions and lines of support that made this work possible thank you very much

- Keto Brain Benefits | How a Ketogenic Diet Boosts Clear Thinking and Peak Mental Performance: Kind: captions Language: en there's a lot of content circulating the internet talking about how the ketogenic diet is powerful for the brain but I haven't seen a single piece of content that truly explains what's happening in your brain and why you feel so clear and why you have such awesome cognitive ability while you're on a ketogenic diet I want to break down the science but first up I have to help you understand really quick what is happening when you're in ketosis and if you've heard this before just bear with me for about 20 seconds the ketogenic state is when your body is no longer utilizing carbohydrates as a primary source of fuel so the liver starts creating ketone bodies we're talking about acetoacetate beta hydroxy butyrate and acetone these ketone bodies are a backup to carbohydrates because your body is deprived of them so that would typically mean that our body is always using ketones when we're in this state but believe it or not the body still uses glucose quite a bit in fact even when you are deep deep deep in ketosis your brain is only getting 75% of its energy from ketones it's still getting 18 to 25 percent of its energy from glucose so don't be mistaken even when you're in ketosis your body is still finding a way to create blood sugar and have glucose in the system no matter what we will always have glucose demands when you're in ketosis it's not an inverse relationship with ketones and glucose your ketone levels don't go up and your glucose levels don't plummet okay you'll never be a zero glucose unless you're dead so you're still going to be in that healthy range of glucose that you need your body's just creating it one way or the other however when you're in ketosis you can make it so that ketones are the preferential form of energy and in this case we're talking about the brain so when it comes down to the brain we have to understand the brain and the mitochondria see the mitochondria is the energy powerhouse inside of a cell it's what allows us to create energy what literally allows us to create power within the body and every single cell so what we have to know is how ketones affect the mitochondria you see ketones like beta-hydroxybutyrate end up eliciting a lot more of a response than glucose does inside the mitochondria there is more energy per unit of oxygen combined with a ketone then there is energy that is created when oxygen combines with glucose so therefore when you have ketones present in the brain and you breathe in and you get oxygen in you create more energy per unit than you would with glucose this means the mitochondria has literally become more efficient it creates more power but it doesn't stop there you see what's really interesting is studies are starting to show that we can actually increase the amount of mitochondria within our brain so we're not just getting more efficient we're creating more of the mitochondria as well visualize it like this you have a power plant I like to think of Homer Simpson if a nuclear power plant fallen asleep very inefficient just causing chaos okay so you've gone from a cruddy little power plant into a very efficient power plant that actually works okay that's step one but now you've taken this efficient power plant and you've multiplied it you've created more of them so you went from decrepit facility to functioning facility to multiple functioning facilities that's how your brain is working and why you feel so clear according to the journal molecular brain research it was actually found that ketone bodies increased the amount of actual gene expression that occurred with mitochondrial enzymes in the brain what this means is that there is scientific proof that our genetic makeup changes in our brain allowing us to create more mitochondria it was also found as a side note that there was a lot more energy in the hippocampus portion of the brain which means that we had a lot more energy going to the right area of the brain that dictates what other portions of the brain do thereby we had increased cognition the next thing we have to look at is reactive oxygen species C reactive oxygen species is just a rogue oxygen cell a rogue oxygen cell has a single electron that flows around through the body causing chaos with different proteins and other parts of the body think of it like this a pinball machine the pinball is a reactive oxygen species it's bouncing around the pinball machine hitting everything lighting it up making them vibrate making them flash making noise it's just causing chaos that pinball is the reactive oxygen species the rest of the pinball machine is your body it's causing chaos within your body well guess what ketone bodies not only inhibit the production of reactive oxygen species but they also stimulate the breakdown and the excretion of them by stimulating what is called glutathione peroxidase so we have more glutathione in the body our body has a natural ability to get rid of the reactive oxygen species which means it's not killing brain cells it's not reacting with protein not reacting with other enzymatic functions in the brain allowing us to think clearer next up we have what is known as the glutamate - gaba conversion process you see in a healthy human body someone would convert glutamate into gaba now what does that mean glutamate is something that is very exit Ori in the brain it causes a lot of chaos it causes anxiety it causes energy in the brain gaba is the opposite it allows you to relax allows you to process information in a very calm collected wet normally in a healthy body any excess glutamate stuff that would normally make you anxious would get converted into gaba to help you balance out and find that homeostasis unfortunately our bodies are typically so unhealthy especially in the Western world that process doesn't work very well but in the state of ketosis it's been found that ketones help that conversion process literally helps the excess glutamate convert into gaba and also increases gaba receptors which means your brain becomes a lot more able to become calm which is extremely powerful so now you can have heightened energy in the brain while remaining calm makes you totally lethal because you can think clearer but you can also remain calm according to a study that was published in trends in neuroscience it was actually found that ketones that were present in the body inhibited brain cells ability to accept glutamate so the brain was now able to just shut the door to glutamate meaning that that exit or glutamate that would normally cause all this chaos and anxiety wasn't even allowed in it's like not letting a burglar into your house you're not able to let the exit or e component into your brain so that's three ways that ketones help the brain now of course we have all the power that can come with different fats different kinds of ketones and we can talk about another day but this is the general breakdown of how ketones affect your brain that you have any ideas for future videos on this topic make sure to hit them in the comment section below always read through those and that's how I find ideas for awesome videos see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericperez2067 [46 likes]: It felt like I was in a dream my whole life and finally woke up on keto
  2. @luvwings [7 likes]: The feeling I have now on Keto, is the feeling I wished for since I was a teenager, nothing felt right.
  3. @Leo-eb1wl [6 likes]: I started carnivore diet 12 days ago.
I was 96.5 when I started and lacked energy, frequent headaches and brain fog.
11 days in my weight is 92.4, haven’t had a single headache and energy levels are great all day with only 2 meals.
My brain fog has gone. Honestly the best thing I have ever done. Never been happier.
  4. @TheStan80 [4 likes]: I've experienced it once. I crave for it again. It was a higher state of consciousness experience. The energy I was feeling around me was amazing in a spiritual away. I could feel bad people and good people. I seen through their persona. I want to feel that again.
  5. @johnjustice8478 [3 likes]: Wouldn't say that it's the keto diet but my thinking has been very clear for some time. 
The secret is not to think at all. Then, there is nothing to cloud the mental horizon! It's been years since I've done any thinking, I think.
  6. @kevynquiros4014 [3 likes]: “Makes you totally lethal” I love your enthusiasm, man 🙏
  7. @HalfLatinaJoy86 [1 likes]: Thank you for explaining this so well. I love being on Keto, my mind is so much better.
  8. @جودالعراقي-ل4ز: اريد ترجمه بالعربي
  9. @Doreengo520: I started my keto diet 6 days ago. I have diabetes 2. I’m finding that I feel like I’m in a brain fog. I’m tired. I’m not sleeping. I feel terrible. It is great on my insulin.
  10. @elec3calengr: Any actual research on keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀 to improve intelligence and memory?
  11. @Gawdblimey: Very informative thanks but please slow down for us peeps who haven't achieved ketosis yet 😂
  12. @jacobhayes1305: 5 weeks in and i have no mental benifits
  13. @elec3calengr: Please discuss effect of ketones in memory specially during exams. Will taking test in fasted state better?
  14. @bnocelli: Bro it's pronounced Midi-chlorians not mitochondria. :)
  15. @atlntcostv7293: It really does
  16. @AsiaStreetVibes: Keto 4weeks , down 13kg. Almost no exercise.
Very high fat meals, max 5-10g carbs per day. Sometimes 1-5g. Fasting almost everyday. Binge on fat and fasting starts to feel great!
  17. @loganwolv3393: I've seen some nutritionist on the internet just assuming that was assuming that these "mental clarity and improved cognition" were based off Alzheimer's patients that were given ketones and idk are you the exception or she was dead wrong?
  18. @Fylgija1: Can anyone help me with my keto conundrum? I haven't started keto only because I can't figure out how to make the math work. 
Do you really have to eat a proportion of 2/3 fat to 1/3 protein (66% fat, 33% protein)? Because I've done the math and it seems impossible on that ratio. Eggs and all meats have more protein than fat. 

1 beef steak at 300 g would have 78 g protein to 57 g fat. That's 58% protein to 42% fat. To change that to 66/33, I'd also have to eat 1.25 cups of shredded coconut every time I eat a steak. At 3 meals a day, 3.75 cups of coconut every day is realistically way too much. Slightly less fat in avocados, which taste awful imo. 
 

Is there another pure fat source I don't know about? OR is this 2/1 ratio maybe inaccurate?
  19. @ollysmith1644: Love seeing all the haters of fasting just becasue they can’t do it for extended periods of time. XD
  20. @HairGlitter: Yes. It helps epilepsy tremendously.  Thankyou so much for this video.

- Your Brain on Ketones: Kind: captions Language: en-US - More ketones in your blood does actually equate to better brain function. I'm Thomas DeLauer with Keto-Mojo and a lot of times in talking about how it's not that important to have super-high levels of ketones, and in all entirety, it's really not, as long as you're in ketosis, in that nutritional state of ketosis, and you're actively measuring to make sure that you're there, you're fine. But when it comes down to the brain, higher levels of ketones do actually equate to better brain performance. You see, it has to do with how the brain actually works and utilizes different energy substrates. Normally, when we're on a traditional, carbohydrate-filled diet, our brain is running almost entirely on glucose, but once we start having ketones present, the brain shifts gears and actually utilizes ketones as a fuel source a lot more actively than other parts of the body. You see, for example, our muscles can't run on ketones. The musculoskeletal system needs glucose or oxygen, but, for the most part, they're not really using ketones. But when it comes to the brain, we are using ketones. Now, that doesn't mean that the brain doesn't still use glucose. Still about 25% or so of the actual brain's energy is still derived from glucose, but a vast majority of it switches over to ketones and it looks a little bit like this. Your brain will preferentially run on whatever is more prevalent. So the more ketones that you have in your blood, there's a direct linear equation to how much of those ketones your brain'll actually use. The lesser amount of ketones in your blood, the less your brain will use, so it makes it really easy when it comes down to math. The higher your ketone levels, the better your brain is functioning. But there's another system that actually comes into play that makes it really unique. It's called the gamma-aminobutyric acid system and the glutamate system. It's a pretty complex thing, but I'll break it down very simple here. GABA is the system that allows your brain to be a little bit more relaxed, that gamma-aminobutyric acid system. That is basically the calming effect that allows your brain to just work in a really systematic, clean, methodical way. Then we have the glutamate system. Now, glutamate is exitatory, so it triggers your brain to be a little bit more hyperactive and thinking in a little bit of a different way. So the glutamate system and the GABA system are both are really, really important and we need to have an equal balance, but ketones allow our bodies and our brains to be skewed a little bit more towards the GABA side, which allows us to think clearer and be a little bit more methodical with our choices. That's why it's very, very common for people that are on a ketogenic diet to feel that sense of calmness, but also feel like they have the mental clarity to allow them to achieve whatever they need to achieve in terms of their mental tasks. So when it comes to down to knowing how many ketones are in your blood so that you can know how your brain can perform, it comes down to testing. And that's where Keto-Mojo comes in handy. You can test your blood ketone levels throughout the courses of the day to know when your brain could be operating at its best. And the cool thing is everybody responds differently and everyday you might respond different than you did the day before, so it's nice to know when you're in your sweet spot and when you're not. So, as always, make sure you're keeping it locked in here with Keto-Mojo and I'll see you in the next video.

- Enhance Cognitive Function on Healthy Ketosis – Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys in this video I'm going to talk about the cognitive and mood effects of doing Kido an intimate of fasting unfortunately there's not a lot of studies that are done I mean first of all who's gonna sponsor those studies the drug companies the food manufacturing companies no so there's not a lot of studies however there is some extensive Studies on epilepsy being improved on the Kido the other problem is that there's no standard keto diet out there ok so you have traditional ketosis which you're using margarine and oil and a lot of unhealthy things which I don't recommend even the camp programs complementary and alternative health funding and NIH first of all I know the doctors on the board are not very open to alternative medicine in fact they're real skeptical so you're probably not gonna see a lot of grants being authorized to do Studies on healthy ketosis so and unfortunately you're probably going to just have to do your own Studies on your own body to see if it works for you now if we flip it and look at the studies done with people with high blood sugars and high insulin we can clearly see that doing high carb is not good for the brain causing dementia it actually causes atrophy of the brain shrinkage of your brain it destroys the part of the brain called hippocampus so you lose your memory so we know the on the output extreme that being a diabetic is not good for the brain and your memory and your mood now let's say someone has hypoglycemia low blood sugars well I already know the mood is going to be greatly affected irritability anxiety and definitely sadness and depression those are known effects from low blood sugar and that could be coming from the insulin resistance okay because the body that makes more insulin to shove down that blood sugar but it could be like borderline so there's a lot of factors here because there's one thing about the brain the brain does not store sugar okay it doesn't have glycogen or it doesn't like the liver has a glycogen reserve the brain doesn't have its own reserve of stored sugar so it gets its from the blood so if there's low blood sugar then the brain suffers you can get headaches migraines and a lot of mood disorders and I know from personal experience working with thousands of people when you fix this blood sugar you see their mood elevates greatly so I know it's true but of course we don't have the studies yet so then if you have instant resistance where the insulin is not connecting the cell you're not going to be able to absorb the amino acids that are supposed to be there to build the neurotransmitters and just that alone if you're deficient in serotonin or dopamine or GABA look look at what that can do to your overall mood and cognitive function so both the cognitive function your focus your memory your concentration and your overall emotional state can be greatly affected by your blood sugars and that's why Pido can be so powerful because number one it stimulates gaba which is a neurotransmitter it actually reduces inflammation in the brain and throughout the body and if you add in a minute fasting in there you can greatly improve insulin sensitivity thereby absorbing the amino acids in making the neurotransmitters again in fact intermittent fasting will cause your the regrowing of neurons you can actually build brain tissue by doing in a minute fasting and reduce the amyloid plaques involved in dementia so rather than wait for someone someday to fund this research do your own research on yourself try healthy keto and then fasting and see how it can affect your cognitive function in your overall mode

  Top Comments:
  1. @caresarn1 [4 likes]: Without a doubt I have more energy and awesome mood since I have been in ketosis.
  2. @loveapureheart [2 likes]: I love you Dr.Berg. I pray for you and your family.
  3. @pamtibbett3414 [2 likes]: Thank you Dr Berg! Love the video's you have for the public and doing the research. The truth and supporting people and their health.
  4. @leonchavarria2707 [1 likes]: I have been cooking with Virgin Coconut oil for 5 years either oatmeal or now eggs for breakfast...and with  the coconut oil  it's effect is it lowers my appetite. I have sardines or chickpeas for lunch then an avocado for dinner...3 hours before bedtime then its digested and can get 7.5 hours of sleep. I've had a VNS for 20 years for epilepsy so I hope the ketones help GABA receptors.
  5. @MrJuanfavaro [1 likes]: Dr Berg you insult me , 1* you never tell as the consecuense of de Keto rash ,after you have 1 millón suscriptores you have. Estar talking about Keto rash ,this its not very good if a new from the beginning of the Keto rash i never go into Keto , I’m suffering for over a week ,my body its all red and the Drs don’t know ,way i have this rush , i just find up tru one of video , i have the deficiente ( Bile salt ) i just ordered on at web site the bile salts , bu its coming on the 6 of April , if people red this , please don’t star Keto , and less before read the consecuencias
  6. @chantilly129-n7t [1 likes]: Dr. Berg do you advice Gaba supplements
  7. @sallydujon9621 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for your videos. I have an important question about some health supplements and bein treated for breast cancer, therefore using hormonotherapy. For example, gaba, kudzu, rhodiola are not recommanded for those cases. Could you do a video on this ? I would highly appreciate. Many thanks to you !
  8. @RomanKondrachov [1 likes]: I watch Dr. Berg everyday!
  9. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  10. @hymns4ever197: Another reason the NIH doesn't like the keto diet is that it encourages the consumption of moderate amounts of animal protein. They want us all to be eating bugs. Yuk!
  11. @kirkdennis830: 4 years to late. But when I do keto the healthy way and IF I feel less anxious and more energy.
  12. @angiea8022: I tell everyone that KETO is what helps my anxiety stay low!
  13. @suzypenner1153: Does anyone know if healthy keto would improve auditory processing disorder? Would love to hear of someones expirience.
  14. @ladyelma8016: Hi Dr Berg could you please tell me if I can take synthetic GABA. I struggle with my belly fat. I want to lose these 6 cm but I can't even if I'm on keto. i live in Morocco we don't have all products that we need in keto. thank you so much for responding me
  15. @kerry3710: I'm quite sure that the divorce rate would plummet if people stopped eating sugar and high carbs.
  16. @cfantastic: If I do not eat carbs, rice or bread I would get small small – the weight would drop off at a very fast rate. Once I tried  just have vegetables and chicken, and I regretted it as I looked awful in my clothes. I’ve started to eat some rice and flour and now I am I having a little cushion on my body but I need to firm up muscle.
  17. @LandE520: Thank you for being a wonderful advocate for health instead of an advocate for pills, surgery and fear of the “I don’t want to know, let me me stay in my box with the tape securely fastened !! “🤓
  18. @Avegadez: Im 23 and been doing IF for the past couple months and i have to say recently i get this very euphoric high after about 16 hours and lasts about 3 hours similar to taking a few grams of kratom
  19. @zezima48: Please make a video about Asperger's and how keto can help
  20. @durgapun4344: Can I eat parboil rice for a keto diet?and how much i f I can?

- MENTAL BENEFITS of the Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is dr. Bosworth and today I'm gonna do a short clip on the benefits for your brain on ketosis I'll be honest when I first went on the ketogenic diet my mother was suffering with a severe and long term illness in the form of cancer and I was really doing the ketogenic diet as a way to support her in her journey but it didn't take long for me to see that the hype I had heard about ketogenic diets and the improved mental function was very measurable and easy to see what they were talking about that's what kept me on the ketogenic diet for the last two-and-a-half years and I really thought that I would not be able to concentrate this long ever again I thought it was a youthful option and when he grew to in your 40s you aren't gonna have that option anymore I was wrong the mental benefits of continued cognitive stamina and mental processing ability to handle stress has been the reason I've continued on the ketogenic diet since then there's been quite a bit of information that's come out on how does the ketogenic diet help with that brain function and why the brain enjoys and is able to use sugar or glucose whenever it's available so by lowering the sugars and increasing the ketones in a ketogenic diet you'll often hear patients talk about that first couple of weeks how they go through a depressive phase or they have a they feel very heavy or depressed but what happens after that is that the brain cells become more adapted to the ketogenic diet and are able to use the fuel of ketone to power their function as they get better adapted at using that ketone the mental function grows more and more into one of the best performances that I think the brain can do the chronic diseases that impact your brain such as Parkinson's depression insomnia sleep apnea memory problems are all linked to an increased state of inflammation in the brain this is at a microscopic level and many times patience don't know that they have a swollen areas of their brain from that chronic illness but what they often notice is when they've switched to a ketogenic diet about second third and specifically the fourth week of using ketones as fuel they are all much more aware at how tolerant they are of changes in their life they don't get nearly as stressed out their sleep is deeper and again that mental performance is as if you've turned back time and their brain is acting like it was ten years ago it's been this benefit that I find continues to attract my colleagues and my patients to sustain the ketogenic diet that it only takes a couple of slip-ups to go off of the ketogenic diet to feel how sluggish my brain can get how irritable I can be when I've when I've fallen off the weigh-in onto a non ketogenic diet most importantly my patients who really do suffer from some major chronic illnesses have all been able to feel the benefits and many of them lower some of the medications used to regulate and help those brain diseases I hope this was helpful click the link below if you'd like more information or if you're interested in a deeper dive into ketosis you can check out my book anyway you can at the link below thanks [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernardthefourth [24 likes]: Keto really fixed my mental health issues.
  2. @paulina7539 [10 likes]: I'm only on week 3 of being in ketosis, but the mental benefits are undeniable. Better mood, much higher resistance to stress, and the focus! The ability to focus and the clarity makes me feel like a super human. And it's very hard to describe to someone who hasn't experienced it.

I've had a life-long struggle with depression and have a highly stressful job, but ketosis really does change how I feel about living and how I react to life events. My mom even said she could hear it in my voice, without seeing me in person. 

I do have a lot of weight to lose, and that was the initial reason I went keto,  but the mental benefits might become and even more important factor for me long-term.
  3. @eileeng.7110 [9 likes]: I am 88, on no medication, have been following the ketogenic diet + IF (2 meals a day 1pm and 6pm) for about 6 weeks in order to get rid of craving for sweet things. Take little exercise because of back injury (difficult to stand for long or walk much). Inspired by you, bought your book (lent it to 3 people). Would like to continue in this life style. For the last two days my ketone strips , taken an hour or so after 1st meal, show between  4. O and 8.0. Is this too high? I am in Ireland.
  4. @cptpapa [8 likes]: Came into keto to lessen the weight on an arthritic hip but stay for the improved mental health.
  5. @vexcarius7100 [8 likes]: I noticed that my mind is a bit clearer now. It definitely decreased my overthinking habits and anxiety. I also noticed that I tend to be a bit sleepy earlier during night time.
  6. @familyman2480 [3 likes]: It’s extremely helpful when you tell us how your patients are benefiting from the ketogenic diet. 

I started the Ketogenic Diet with my wife, to help her with weight loss ( all the while I’m thinking to myself, there’s no way that I can just stop eating sugar, and bread, it’s impossible no one can do this. ( Actually we started with the carnivore diet then switched to Keto after six weeks. I told myself I would hide my sweet treats around the house and eat them in the car before I got home so that I wouldn’t tempt her lol).
The first week , My sugar cravings started to decrease. By the third week I was completely free of my sugar addiction, the brain fog lifted, I started losing weight and full of energy ,without any exercise‼️. 

I took all of the “sweet treats” that was in my house, And got rid of it. noodles, pasta’s etc., anything that turned to sugar, and I got it all out of my house. In May will be our second year on this diet and we’re loving it.
  7. @jeffreyadams648 [2 likes]: Love the short clips!
  8. @EllencyOfficial [2 likes]: Hello Dc. I'm on day 2 of the keto. I feel alone because my mother (who should really do it, she's pre diabetic) doesn't do it, and also my girlfriend says she'll miss the Chinese take aways we used to do lol. My mood on day 1 was strangely amazing, whilst today a bit less. But I do have faith that this diet , id done correctly, will seriously have huge benefits in the long term, so I'll stick to it!
  9. @BarrowsHandler [2 likes]: Thank you. I was about to say screw the diet because of the depressive phase, and last night I had a burger with the bun and really enjoyed it lol, but I'm telling myself just stick it out for a few more weeks.
  10. @ameralgayar4931 [2 likes]: Thank you very much for the wonderful video
  11. @garysimone4977 [1 likes]: Who had had success with depression / ãnixity  with keto ??
  12. @kranthiganta4488 [1 likes]: Thank you Doctor
  13. @SCM1949 [1 likes]: Thank you‼️
  14. @georgiannfibbe6026 [1 likes]: great videos
  15. @Johanna-qf1yx: I have major and debilitating inflammation in my brain. This is saving my life. I cannot tell u. I was so desperate I was gonna kill myself. This is a God sent!!
  16. @ClemHD: Dr. Bosworth, thank you so much for your video !
  17. @MikeKollin: ReallY? Huh? I know a multitude of people, clients who are on this diet and they are all very emotional, high stress people.
Extremely Edgy, almost holding back anger and very narrow minded / thinking... I was just now searching to find out if the Keto diet causes anxiety and stress, anger and emotional problems in people.... I've noticed this in people for the last 3 years... is there any truth to this or just a coincidence? Thank you!
  18. @AIMS123M: Yes that's true m feeling all Sam me benefits before and after m enjoying ketosis
  19. @megaswenson: Wonderful information and delivery.  But those sleazy little cartoon images are offensively downmarket, and reduce your credibility.
  20. @fabiojr15: Why it low libido?

- Ketones improve cognitive function: Kind: captions Language: en A new study shows that ketones may be beneficial for improving cognitive function and reversing mild cognitive impairment. This is pretty exciting for a field that doesn't have a lot to offer patients. I'm Dr. Brett Schuur, the medical director at dietdoctor.com and I want to talk to you about a a post I recently wrote at dietdoctor.com about a study that was recently published that involved 83 people and it was a randomized control trial. 83 people with some cognitive impairment, so not advanced dementia or advanced Alzheimer's disease, but more mild cognitive impairment and it randomized these people to either a placebo drink or an MCT medium chain triglyceride drink, which is more effective at producing ketones. They then followed these people over 6 months with multiple different measurements of cognitive function like, you know, memory recall, uh use of words and naming and and what they call executive functioning um uh tasks. And what they found after 6 months was those people who were taking the MCT drink had significant improvements in a number of those markers. And they found that those improvements correlated with the increasing ketone level. So, what does this suggest? Well, it certainly suggests that simplistically ketones are good for the brain. When um we know that the the brain can use ketones for fuel and we have lots of anecdotal evidence, some case reports, um and even some pilot studies and non-randomized trials showing that ketosis is beneficial for dementia or even for Parkinson's and possibly even for traumatic brain injury. So, now we have another randomized control trial showing that in mild cognitive impairment, a field where there are or an area where there aren't many drugs or interventions or things to help um improve that other than lifestyle that now this is one more lifestyle intervention that can be beneficial by inducing ketosis. So, can we say a ketogenic diet would do the same? Presumably, I mean it seems like it's ketones that make the difference. Could drinking exogenous ketones do the same? Certainly possibly. Then it's, you know, if you're taking an MCT, it's still endogenously made ketones, meaning your body's making the ketones as opposed to drinking the ketones, but still the suggestion is the same. Ketones benefit the brain. So, this is really exciting. I mean it's it's obviously not going to be um widely accepted after just this one randomized control trial, but hopefully this will just be a windfall for more and more studies because let's be honest, people with cognitive dysfunction need help. They're looking for something. So, if something as simple as providing them ketones can make a difference, why not? Why wouldn't we do it? So, I'm pretty encouraged about it. You can read more about it at dietdoctor.com at our post. It's got links to the articles, and of course you can find out um all the other things we have to offer at dietdoctor.com including our meal plans and our recipes and our whole video library and all our guides and our community support. It's all there for you uh to help you on your health journey. Thanks a lot everybody. Have a great day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarencemartens3831 [45 likes]: Yes I know. My head has never been clearer or my waist smaller. I am less insulin resistant, experiencing less depression and arthritic pain after only one year doing keto. Good-bye doctors and surgeons!
  2. @seeingyouontube [24 likes]: Did this with my 93 year old mother. Besides wakening from sleeping 4-6 hours/day to less than 45 minute nap, her bladder control improved. Her mini mental state test improved from 18/30 to 22/30 after 3 months of keto dietary management.
  3. @jax9349 [9 likes]: My mum would never give up her toast and potatoes! However a spoonful of MCT oil daily has greatly improved her cognitive abilities.  She is 88.
  4. @rooramblingon895 [8 likes]: Don't forget that MCT and SCT also pass the blood-brain barrier to be used as fuel directly, not just the ketones produced.  To eliminate the multiple factors better, a longer term study where patients are brought into ketosis in the usual way, using an exclusively LCFA based diet would need to be done.
  5. @cassieoz1702 [7 likes]: Amy Berger will be so pleased 😉
  6. @ResilientTaurus [6 likes]: MCT Oil may produce diarrhea, in some patients. Start out sparingly to appraise what your system can tolerate.
  7. @DarkMoonDroid [5 likes]: My Mom won't change her diet. But maybe she'll take Exogenous K and MCT oil....
  8. @markburnham7512 [4 likes]: Thank you.  I watch many YouTube channels with differing points of view, call them camps if you wish.  My goal is information without bias.  Mostly what I see from all of them, including this one unfortunately, is confirmation bias.  I long for a truly objective source that presents all of the data on all sides, or even better,  intelligent and civil discussion on these issues between those with differing views.  I find that I can't even ask critical questions without being attacked by each camp's fanboys.
  9. @clear4156 [4 likes]: How much MCT oil were they drinking a day during the study?
  10. @MarmaladeINFP [3 likes]: I love informative channels like this and, on that level, I have absolutely no criticism. But Please for the Love of God link to the discussed studies in the show notes. Some of us like to look at the research papers for ourselves and to know the title and authors so that we could do a web search for further discussion. Otherwise, thanks for all the great work you do!
  11. @mike-yp1uk [2 likes]: I don't understand it but every time I change my diet to keto and take about 2 tablespoons of MCT a day my memory works way better 100 percent sure
  12. @theshadow8008 [2 likes]: Good day doc! How do i know if its ketosis or keto acidosis?
  13. @doubledutch3439 [1 likes]: How about peppermint oil?
  14. @Angel-rv1mt [1 likes]: What was the drink?
  15. @peggyvorse1461: I have been dyslexic I think most of my life and I’m 74 and always had problems finding words, but sometimes it seems like it’s different than it was before.
  16. @peggyvorse1461: Can drinking protein drinks, even with heavy cream still do the same.
  17. @peggyvorse1461: What is the best drink to make two for the key tones?.
  18. @Thomas-fu8vp: A new study 'shows'?? More like 'suggests',as there were only 83 subjects enrolled.
  19. @danielhaggis2775: Thanks!

- Keto Diet Myths - Is a ketogenic diet safe? Cardiologist talks 5 misconceptions: Kind: captions Language: en What's up everyone? This is Steven Lone, lifestyle medicine cardiologist. In this video, we're going to go over five common myths and misconceptions about the ketogenic diet. But before we get going, don't forget to subscribe. Like this video if you like it. Give me a comment below afterwards and tell me what you think. What is the ketogenic diet? It's a diet that severely restricts carbohydrates. It excludes breads, pasta, sugar, milk, corn, beans, and rice and focuses on eggs and dairy, oils, and meat. Yes, some nuts and seeds are allowed, some vegetables and berries in very small amounts as long as you don't exceed a certain amount of carbohydrates. This puts you into a state of what's called ketosis, which is actually the same thing that happens when somebody is starving. And a lot of people lose weight on a ketogenic diet, some of their biomarkers get better, but is it good for you in general? Let's get to these five myths. Myth number one. The ketogenic diet is good for type 2 diabetes and really the cause of type 2 diabetes is carbohydrate toxicity. This is absolutely false. Type 2 diabetes is not carbohydrate toxicity whatsoever. Yes, there is some intolerance to eating carbohydrates. It can make your blood sugar go up in the short term, but the big picture of type 2 diabetes is over calorie consumption and more importantly over consumption of fat. When the fat gets into your cells, you become insulin resistant. That's one of the reasons why weight loss is the biggest, most important thing for controlling type 2 diabetes. You could actually eat all the carbohydrates you want as a type 2 diabetic if you keep them unprocessed from whole foods and keep your diet very low in fat. This has been shown in randomized controlled clinical trials with a whole food plant-based low-fat diet being more superior than the American Diabetes Association diet for diabetes control. I'm going to link a whole bunch of awesome resources in the description below about type 2 diabetes, ketogenic diets, and really the proper way to control your type 2 diabetes with diet. And this makes tons of sense. The blue zones, longest living cultures in the world ever described, are a very high carbohydrate culture, and they get their carbohydrates from fruits and vegetables, beans and lentils, and whole grains. They don't really have type 2 diabetes in their culture despite the high carbohydrate content because they're unprocessed whole carbohydrates. There is no physician anywhere in any specialty that should ever recommend sugar or refined carbohydrates such as white flour products. That's absolutely horrible. And of course, ketogenic diets exclude sugar and white flour. Well, so do other types of diets, too, like a Mediterranean diet or a more plant-based diet. So, as long as you're getting rid of the sugar and the refined carbohydrates, the other types of carbohydrates from fruits and veggies, beans and lentils, whole grains are absolutely fine to consume. The key is keeping it low in fat. Myth number two, a ketogenic diet is good for long-term weight loss. Absolutely false. While it is true people can lose weight on a ketogenic diet in the short term, is it good for you long-term? Well, look at all the possible side effects that people can have from the ketogenic diet. But even if you do tolerate it in regards to symptoms and side effects, is it really good for you in the long term? Experts talk about the risks of the ketogenic diet, not just the brain fog, but constipation, cholesterol goes up, kidney and liver issues, and yes, you can get nutrient deficiencies on a ketogenic diet. Myth number three, a ketogenic diet is fine for people with cancer or for cancer prevention. Again, absolutely false. Currently, no major cancer health organization, including the American Institute of Cancer Research and the American Cancer Society, recommend a ketogenic diet for cancer patients or for cancer prevention. And actually, just the opposite. The American Cancer Society recommends a predominantly plant-based diet with fruits and veggies, beans and lentils, and whole grains. An apple a day keeps the doctor away. Anytime a diet tells you you can't even eat a single apple because you won't be in their dietary plan anymore, you know there's a problem. Myth number four, a ketogenic diet is fine for heart health and can prevent heart disease. Absolutely, absolutely false. I am a cardiologist, board certified, and I've seen lots of patients in practice for 14 years. And I have seen people, plenty of them, have lots of heart attacks and strokes while consuming a ketogenic diet or other variants of low-carbohydrate diets. And again, the research shows you can lose weight. Some people, a percentage, some of their biomarker parameters can improve, their blood pressure, in some people their cholesterol can improve, but in many people the cholesterol goes way up. Check out this Mayo Clinic study of people on a ketogenic diet where their LDL cholesterol went up to greater than 300 when they got put on the ketogenic diet. That'll dramatically increase your risk. We certainly know that no major cardiology, heart health organization recommends a ketogenic diet for long-term health. What is the recommendation? A plant-based diet, of course. Check out my video on lifestyle medicine and heart disease to learn a lot more about how you can use a lifestyle medicine approach for heart disease prevention. Myth number five, the general sentiment that the ketogenic diet is a safe diet and it's fine for anybody to do. Absolutely, false. We just talked about that it's not recommended for cancer, it's not recommended for heart disease, the weight loss is only short-term and is not really good for your long-term health. So, what the heck, why would this be a safe diet? Why would somebody think that consuming high amounts of dietary cholesterol and saturated fat with high amounts of animal protein are good for you? Look at this research on animal versus plant protein showing that when you substitute plant protein for animal-based protein, mortality goes down no matter what the source of animal based protein. So, you want to live long and you want to live well, do not follow a ketogenic diet whatsoever. The current guidelines for heart health is to follow a plant-based diet. Check out my video on the ketogenic diet called keto kills. It goes into a lot more detail about all of these different things. Don't try the Well, I hope you like this video on five myths regarding the ketogenic diet. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel and like this video. Give me a comment below. Check out some of my other videos, the keto kills video. Check out my video on eating bacon, you keto people. Check it out. Stay healthy. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joelucas1017 [3 likes]: I cant get on board with you DR. I'm living proof that a keto diet that keto won't reverse type 2 diabetes,4 years and counting know proof to what YOU claim,ZERO
  2. @waltezell [3 likes]: Every attack on Keto states the assumption that people on a ketogenic diet eat a lot of meat. I am on a plant-based ketogenic diet. My fasting blood sugar, which has long been a concern, has dropped about 20 points. No upswing in lipids. I sleep better at night and no longer doze off during the day. I do partake of eggs, goat milk, ghee and occasionally salmon. The sweeping dismissal of keto based on what some people do with it is misleading. I will say this about keto. I miss some of the food I used to eat. It's not fun. I would love to be talked out of it. I was talked into it by Apollo Health and the Dale Bredesen book, "The End of Alzheimer's." Obviously my health concerns are not trivial.
  3. @bjoyp7463 [3 likes]: Great video! It seems so clear but I have family members who just don’t see it and have all kinds of heart issues.  They say sugar (white sugar and in fruit) and whole grains cause inflammation and that’s the problem. 🤦‍♀️ They think they would be worse if they weren’t doing keto.
  4. @dawnmorants4180 [3 likes]: What about a diet that includes healthy fats when you are trying to reduce inflammation during menopause?
  5. @GreenVegan816 [3 likes]: I'm not diabetic but I read Mastering Diabetes to understand it better. I found it fascinating. Everyone should read it. Thank you for putting these informative videos together.
  6. @shermangholdingsllc2182 [2 likes]: Two of my close friends died on keto. One died from a massive stroke. The other died from a heart attack.
  7. @RangeOfSubjects [1 likes]: Apples. Modern apples are grown extra large because that’s what the market likes. An appropriate serving is an apple closer to the size of a tennis ball. The extra large apples can be cut in half and shared core half can be stored for a short time.
  8. @catsrus2890 [1 likes]: Great video!!!  Thank you!
  9. @car-or-ock616 [1 likes]: Even by reading the comments, the suggestion dawns that we have different people with different body types experiencing different outcomes following different diets. It makes sense. Genetically we come from different parts of the globe and are probably carrying DNA created in different ecosystems. The diet of the people in the Amazons was different from those living in the Pacific Northwest, the arctic circle, Scandinavia, the Aegean Sea, the Dead Sea, etc.
Can we identify different types of menus for different types of bodies?
  10. @jvolk5619 [1 likes]: Good video, but the title 'Lifestyle Medicine Cardiologist' was a bit misleading. I thought I was listening to an MD cardiologist and thought that the benefits of a plant-based diet were being more recognized by the cardiology medical community. Having said that, I appreciated the video and facts presented.  Dr. Caldwell Esselstyn, a retired cardiologist at the Cleveland Clinic, did a study years ago showing the reversal of heart disease/plaque build-up by eating a low-fat vegan diet for 3 years. My dad went on this diet, and after 3 years, test results showed that his arteries were clean and without any plaque. This video helps inform people about the health benefits of a plant-based whole foods diet, but still more needs to be done in the medical/cardiology arena informing patients the option of reversing heart disease through diet.
  11. @michaelmackey754 [1 likes]: Excellent video! Thanks
  12. @NaeMuckle: If you're eating poor quality meat then of course your LDL levels will go up
  13. @snaveleigh: Can't reversal diet just be calorie controlled and not low fat?
  14. @MuraliTummala-b9k: Thank you, Dr Lome! Excellent video.
  15. @chris_losin_it: I don’t understand treating a disease or illness long term when it can be cured with nutrition.

- How Ketogenic Diet Improves Brain Function | Dr. Chris Palmer & Dr. Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en does ketogenic diet improve mitochondrial function and if so H how does that work The quick summary story for people who don't know ketogenic so ketogenic diet is a 100-year-old evidence-based treatment for epilepsy it can stop seizures even when medications fail to we have um over a dozen controlled Trials of ketogenic diets in children in particular with treatment resistant epilepsy we have two Cochran review that came out positive so Cochran reviews are the gold standard in the medical field for meta analyses um very rigorous and they analyzed the data that exists and came to the conclusion that ketogenic diet com if somebody has treatment resistant epilepsy compared to treatment as usual which is try another anti-epileptic medication the ketogenic diet is six times more likely to result in seizure Freedom wow than just trying yet another epilepsy pill so the ketogenic diet is a powerful anti-convulsant treatment we use anti-convulsant treatments in Psychiatry every day in tens of millions of people lots of these medications are used so um so at this point we now have over 50 published pilot trials case series case reports other lines of evidence of the ketogenic diet for psychiatric disorders um schizophrenia bipolar disorder depression anxiety anorexia orosa surprisingly um these 50 reports represent over 1,900 people and on balance the ketogenic diet appears to be an effective treatment sometimes an extraordinarily effective treatment like in able to induce remission of schizophrenia or bipolar um in people who otherwise had treatment resistant disorders and they're going off medication simultaneously some of them are um so there are you know I have heard probably from thousands of people around the world since my work has become more public and actually our first podcast together hands down the most sighted reason people know who I am as they should well I know about you but it's huberman hu that huberman Lab podcast well I'm just I'm just a a a uh a runway for people to uh incredible messages to take off thank you again for the opportunity to disseminate this word and because at the end of the day I'm hearing from thousands of people who simply listened to that podcast made changes started a ketogenic diet for their schizophrenia or other treatment resistant mental disorder reach out to me you saved my life I can't tell you how many times I've gotten handwritten notes emails messages from people who us those words you saved my life I never met this person all I did was share this knowledge and then they saved their own lives with knowledge coming back to your question now in a roundabout way does ketogenic diet impact mitochondrial Health we we have strong evidence that it does and um so it appears so the ketogenic diet is mimicking the fasting State and I just want to say that again the ketogenic diet mimics the fasting State what does that mean it means the ketogenic diet is mimicking no food consumption so is the ketogenic diet the healthiest diet that everybody should follow no that's not the way I think about it the ketogenic diet is an intervention it is Shifting metabolism it is Shifting countless kind of systems signaling Pathways other things gene expression in the human body and brain and that results in effects and the good news is these effects appear to be lifechanging and life-saving sometime so they're highly beneficial effects um again dose and the way you do it matter because fasting the the extreme version of fasting is starvation and that results in death so that is not at all a good thing so let's make sure that if you're going to do a ketogenic diet or a fasting regimen that you're not not depriving yourself of essential nutrition that um you're getting enough calories you're getting enough nutrients that you're doing it in a a medically sound way so that you're optimizing your health and not hurting your health um but we have you know it's it's hard to measure this in humans in v in vitro because we can't like do an intervention to a human and dissect their brain and like biopsy it and look at the mitochondria under the microscope so we mostly have animal data that supports this but animal data strongly supports that ketogenic interventions improve mitophagy so getting rid of these old and defective mitochondria so you're kind of cleaning house you're getting rid of the bad and then you're replacing them with new fresh ones mitochondrial biogenesis so that at the end of the day the cell will have more healthy mitochondria now some researchers have really hyperfocused on the ketogenic diet might be working through the gut microbiome this gut brain connection and we have some evidence that that is true so researchers actually took feces from human children with epilepsy before starting ketogenic diet and then afterward while they were stable on a ketogenic diet and then they transferred these FAL samples to mice who were predisposed to epilepsy or predisposed to seizures when they took the feces from the children while the children still had or seizing the mice were more likely to seize when they took the feces from the children doing the ketogenic diet and transferred it to the mice the mice were less likely to have seizures interesting even though the mice were not on ketogenic diets so there's something in the feces of children with epilepsy doing ketogenic diets that result that has an anti-seizure effect what could that something be it could be the gut microbiome but it could be molecule ules neurotransmitters neuropeptides other things that those microbes are producing or it could be neuropeptides and other factors that the gut cells are producing so we really don't know for sure what exactly is it so on the surface there's something in the feces there's a gut microbiome a gut brain connection thing what does that have to do with mitochondria so another research group did that same model got mice to have an anti-seizure effect from a ketogenic diet and then dissected their brains looking for what changed in the brain how exactly is a ketogenic diet having an anti-seizure effect in the brain because it that's the the pathology the pathological finding seizure is occurring in the brain and when they analyzed genetic changes up regulation down regulation it all centered on mitochondria that the changes in the gut were resulting in mitochondrial changes in the brain which means brain energy metabolism in the brain and um so again it's an umbrella Theory doesn't replace what we know it's not gut microbiome or serotonin it's not gut microbiome or mitochondria it's both both of them are true and it's all interconnected um so I I do think we've got more than enough data that ketogenic therapies impact brain metabolism which then impacts neurotransmitters a really what I hope will become one of many really important studies um published by Ian Campbell and colleagues in the UK that uh they just did a pilot trial 20 patients with bipolar disorder put on ketogenic diets and they found wide ranging improvements in metabolic Health biomarkers like weight blood pressure other things but they also found a reduction in brain um glut at activity which is often associated with bipolar disorder and Hyper excitability and seizures um and so that helps us understand again it's not it's not metabolic or glutamate a neurotransmitter it's both it it it it's putting it together yeah the Campbell study is really interesting we we'll link to that in the show note captions and incidentally we will also link to this um American Heart Association appalling uh t quote unquote testimony sorry AJ I'm not I'm not sorry I'm not uh not sorry um but then again I'm not a physician so I don't have to worry about that well maybe I do anyway I'm not a cardiologist is there any uh rationale for people who don't have epilepsy or don't suffer from bipolar schizophrenia um but like myself would like to keep our mitochondrial function as as strong as possible and for doing a brief ketogenic intervention yes the answer is yes can intermittent and I'm so I'm going to lump ketogenic with other fasting mimicking diets and fasting itself so can intermittent fasting or can cycles of fasting have health improving qualities or health improving effects absolutely so interestingly before I talk about even some of the science on this and there it's not super robust why because again we don't fund diet studies there's no money to be made from dietary interventions really there's no patent on it nobody cares about dietary interventions but there are a lot of studies on exercise interventions but even those are they're not huge randomized controlled trials with 10,000 participants they're not not you know like even the federal government will fund large scale medication trials Statin studies and others but they often don't I mean there have been a few the Women's Health Initiative funded a massive dietary intervention study and unfortunately that was a huge disappointment to the field because it was negative they randomized women to just keep doing the diet you're eating or go on a low fat diet and the lowfat diet didn't do anything for their heart health or other objective kind of outcome measures and put another way just to just to really close this for people it means a lowfat diet is no better than the standard American diet a lowfat diet is a equivalent you get equivalent health effects from a lowfat diet to a standard American diet that's really bad so lowfat diets need to go away and people who promote lowfat diets need to stop promoting they need to get come up to speed with the science and just like move on like at least acknowledge there are healthy fats even though fat has more calories don't worry about those calories worry about the health effects the long-term health effects yeah you got to get those monounsaturated fats and you got to eat your Omega-3s and you have to you know and I'm a Believer in eating some butter here and there you were asking me about intermittent ketogenic D or inter intermittent fasting so I'll just say that we have a long history in multiple cultures on Earth for thousands of years fasting has been part of healing rituals um India China Christian like fasting has been a part of rituals and you know most people just assume it's religious folklore just silliness or whatever but I actually think Millennia of humans we're not all stupid idiots and that some people along the way actually noticed this seems to do something useful and that's probably why it found its way in every culture and persisted for thousands of years because there was actually something meaningful happening thing [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubermanLabClips [15 likes]: This clip is from the Huberman Lab episode "Transform Your Mental Health With Diet & Lifestyle | Dr. Chris Palmer." The full episode can be found on YouTube here: https://youtu.be/hCyvqRq5YmM
  2. @movingmick0613 [14 likes]: You saved my life too. Adderall was damaging my heart so I switched to keto to treat my ADHD
  3. @PK848-l8p [5 likes]: 8 months on Keto dropped 45 lbs. off all meds including amitriptyline naproxen CBD THC stop drinking 
Reduced symptoms of PTSD reduce symptoms of anxiety and depression   Slightly higher cholesterol worth it I feel human blood sugar is perfect. It works. I feel better. I’m not fighting it.
  4. @kathrynnewton8721 [3 likes]: I am a case study! Ive fallen off my  low carb wagon  lifestyle and my brain is not working right, despite having seeing numerous doctors. Love this guy, agree with everything, wish I could be part of a study?
  5. @Vinnnnnnnn777 [3 likes]: This also works for people who have ADHD
  6. @triciaann7262 [3 likes]: Keto and Oil of Oregano with Black Seed oil has me feeling normal again.  Able to breathe better, think better, digestion/gut is perfect, and a friend I've known for 30 years said I keep looking younger every time she sees me.  I am so thankful for these medical professionals to help us heal via YouTube.
  7. @healthreviewsplus [2 likes]: Crucial for us in wd/fight to live!  Do we eat 2 or 3 meals in the  8-hour window?
  8. @sephblack [1 likes]: Just so we're clear here, at 12:30 - the low fat diet intervention was not actually a low fat diet... as usual, whenever low fat is mentioned in studies. The same way 'low carb' studies often use carb amounts of 100-150 grams per day. Both misleading, both non-applicable. By the end of the trial he's mentioning, the control group and intervention group were eating almost the same amount of fat (30+ percent of calories).
  9. @JSmith-tj6tr [1 likes]: I am doing keto diet and that helps me for my epilepsy.
  10. @SebastianEckes_Freedom [1 likes]: “ as they should” 🤮
  11. @obainem [1 likes]: What does "shifting metabolism" mean exactly?
  12. @samuelbold: Please investigate the role of glucose spikes and mental health.

There is so much focus on insulin resistance and weight gain, type 2 diabetes and heart disease but it could be ruining lives much sooner.

Everyone knows about the small child who eats too much junk food at a party and runs around crazy for two hours then collapses into a screaming mess and can't go to sleep for hours.

That effect doesn't go away. Instead of a screaming toddler an anxious or depressed teen evolves. The cause is insulin hyper sensitivity triggered by a glucose spike.
  13. @user-lm6ec5ld7l: Are there any studies on ketogenic diet and Parkinson disease?
  14. @TheAlejandra8814: I'm trying not to lose weight on keto. Using it for adhd and depression. Is this possible
  15. @Mr_Ollie_Shelly99: hey Dr Huberman can you do a podcast with Paul saladino pls <33
  16. @JSmith-tj6tr: thanks for letting me know about this knowledge.
  17. @BetterBodyToday-US: The way Dr. Chris Palmer explains the connection between the ketogenic diet and mitochondrial health is mind-blowing! 🧠 Such a valuable deep dive into brain metabolism. Thank you Huberman Lab for sharing these life-changing insights! 🔥
  18. @joshuapaterson6002: I feel good when following a keto diet, but can not handle the goddam diarrhea that comes with it. Any help?
  19. @Ionut-lm9cj: Are those studies finished? Do they prove if keto can help with ADHD or not?
  20. @gggggjjjnd-us3he: When i do intermittant fasting on keto my brain doesnt work. My brain needs carbs

- How the Ketogenic Diet Helps Schizophrenia: Kind: captions Language: en - Hi, I'm Dr. Tracey Marks and I make mental health education videos. There's been recent studies showing that a ketogenic diet improves psychotic symptoms in people with schizophrenia. In a previous video that I did, I talk about how the Mediterranean diet is being shown to improve depression and I have a link to that video in the corner and in the description. The ketogenic diet and Mediterranean diet couldn't be more different, but they are addressing different problems which then leads to the question what is it about schizophrenia that makes this specific diet more helpful? We don't have a clear understanding of what causes schizophrenia. The fact that this diet helps though and how it helps gives us more information about what goes wrong in the brain that causes schizophrenia. I explain schizophrenia in this video and you can watch it after this one. I'll also have a link in the description. First I'll explain what the ketogenic diet is and then I'll explain how it was shown to help the brains of people with schizophrenia. The ketogenic diet is a high fat, low carbohydrate diet. Normally your body uses carbohydrates to burn energy. The carbohydrates are broken down into the simple sugar glucose. Your brain especially needs glucose and that's why if your sugar levels drop for whatever reason like you didn't eat for an entire day and then you go on a run, a sign of your glucose being low is becoming lightheaded or losing consciousness. When you restrict how much carbohydrates you eat, your body will turn to fat as your fuel source so your liver will take the fat and break it down into fatty acids that are converted to ketone bodies. These ketone bodies then become the fuel source instead of glucose. When you have elevated ketone bodies in your blood, you're considered to be in a state of ketosis so this is where the name ketogenic diet comes from. Ketosis is not the same as ketoacidosis. Ketoacidosis is a dangerous metabolic state that we usually see in people with diabetes. In this scenario you're producing ketone bodies in an uncontrolled way. What normally happens is when you produce ketones, you simultaneously produce small amounts of insulin that cause glucose to be produced from other sources in your body. We call this basal insulin secretion. It works in the background to keep you from completely depleting your glucose stores, but in people with type 1 diabetes and some people with type 2 diabetes who require insulin, they lose the ability to produce that minimal acceptable level of glucose in the body. In that case once you trigger the production of ketone bodies, it's like an avalanche of ketones that overwhelm the body and put the person in a state of metabolic acidosis because ketones are acidic. Ketosis from carbohydrate restriction doesn't lead to ketoacidosis in someone who has normal insulin production. The ketogenic diet can help with blood sugar control in people with diabetes, but you have to be careful and should talk with your doctor about whether or not it's a good idea for you to follow. It may be that you do a modified form of it. This diet is not new. It's been studied in other conditions like seizure disorder, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and others. It also's become a popular lifestyle diet because of the fat-burning mechanism causes a lot of weight loss. Here's an example of what a day in the life can look like eating a keto diet. For breakfast you could have scrambled eggs in a cream sauce with bacon. Lunch could be a chicken breast with sliced avocado and broccoli with butter. And for dinner you could have salmon in a lemon cream sauce, salad greens with high fat dressing. Here's what we understand so far about what happens in the brain of a person with schizophrenia. We believe that it's related to three things, abnormal energy metabolism of the neurons, abnormal function of the mitochondria and mitochondria is an organelle inside of your cell that acts like a power station. And the third contributor is oxidative stress. Oxidative stress is damage to the cells at the gene level from free radicals. Lots of things that we do, eat and are exposed to create excess free radicals that cause oxidative stress and this is where consuming antioxidants are helpful. Your brain relies heavily on glucose to function, but with schizophrenia the neurons don't process glucose properly. Then you get abnormal communication between the neurons. We call this impaired synaptic activity. The synapse is a gap between the cells. Think of the cells as an engine that's choking or sputtering because it doesn't have enough fuel. Because the ketogenic diet provides another source of fuel for the brain, it restores the metabolic activity of the cell so that they function in the way that they're supposed to. So in our analogy the engine stops choking and runs smoothly. The evidence that we have on the ketogenic diet is several case studies. We still don't have any randomized control studies testing groups of people with schizophrenia with the diet and see who does better. Randomized control studies are the highest level of evidence that we look for to conclude that a finding is valid and reproducible. So we're not there yet as far as seeing this as a definite intervention for schizophrenia, but we're getting there. It's still a positive thing to see because not only can the diet improve symptoms, but it can also improve the weight gain that comes with the medications we prescribe to treat the symptoms. So that's a twofold benefit. It's not an easy diet to follow though and it takes a lot of discipline, but it's something to look into as a non-medication option to benefit schizophrenia. If you wanna know more about schizophrenia, watch this video. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @coolitdown [21 likes]: I have clinical depression and panic disorder. I switched to a ketogenic diet, and things just got so much better. I even lowered my dosage of medication and will be going off them. I recently started exercising too, and that has been a gamechanger as well. I don't tell everyone to do what I do, but honestly, take a look at your diet... You'll be surprised how much it can affect your mood and mental health. Find what works for you and makes you feel best! Keep in mind that many medical doctors have very little training in nutrition, often just a 1 or 2 hour long seminar on it. They generally go by whatever advice is best for the "average" person, but we all aren't just the average person. 🙂 So, find what works for you.
  2. @carriemiles937 [13 likes]: There’s a YouTuber whose symptoms are now in remission due to going on the medical keto diet. 
She has a whole care team, & is being closely monitored. 
She’s almost weaned off of her antipsychotics. She looks more alive & present. 
There’s hope! But it needs to be more accessible sooner than later. There are people suffering!
  3. @stephanieflore555 [12 likes]: I been on. Antidepressants for 2 years for anxiety depression ptsd 
So wish me luck on this keto  journey. 

Sending love and light
  4. @Gemtiger279 [3 likes]: Can you make a video highlighting all the nutrients, essential fatty acids, and herbs said to be good for psychosis according to the growing research evidence?
  5. @Gemtiger279 [2 likes]: I would like Science to do a study on vitamin B3 and vitamin C taken together 3 to 6 grams or higher if needed for both each for early stages first onset psychosis patients for mild to moderate cases on no or minimal medication.
  6. @maryananda5771 [1 likes]: Starting eat meat again as 43 yr old woman has helped my moods and depression that gets bad if i dont get enough of the right kinds of protein  .
  7. @anonymoususer7606 [1 likes]: Works with bipolar and pmdd too
  8. @blairberry3555: There's now a group called the metabolic mind on YouTube that has tons of videos about this led by Harvard and Stanford trained psychiatrist. Dr. Marks, you were ahead of your time! I love all your videos!
  9. @JerryReiterYouTube: Keto is just a copy of the book, Atkins for Life, written long ago by Dr. Robert Atkins. It does help a lot of people.
  10. @Bramenz: Thank you dr. Tracy marks. You explain it very well. I don't understand all the ins and outs. But i am definitely open to learn more. I am also following metabolic mind. And lauren something. She is med free for a long time now. I am hopefull since years
  11. @ekeminiessien9897: I have schizophreniform and seizures 😅
  12. @sspongebob25: ❤
  13. @rosablack8113: I’m sorry but there is no evidence to prove that schizophrenia is caused by synapses or something physical not working in the brain. It’s all hypotheses with no actual evidence the brain chemicals are disturbed. But great if the diet helps some people.
  14. @gmooremusings: i applaud all those able to let go of rice & bread. i’m having a difficult time. 😔
  15. @reactancio4126: very story-telling American doctors
  16. @jasonvaughn1658: Thnx-a-Ton👊
  17. @GenRN: Keto should be RX’d for all metabolic and mental health issues.
  18. @GenRN: To be clear diabetic keto acidosis is a dangerous metabolic state in people with Type one diabetes.   Not type 2.
  19. @mandrichannel: I have schizophrenia
  20. @hugolachs6620: Hey, could you make a video about keto diet for depression? It worked amazingly for me! Christopher Palmer wrote a great book about the mechanisms behind it!

- Ketones vs Glucose for Energy. Do Brains REALLY Prefer Ketones?: Kind: captions Language: en and one important message that you need to know is that your brain has two fuel sources it has a glucose Fuel and it has a ketone fuel so in my little videos I use these red squares as a way to point out glucose um it's not an accident that the glucose here is happy because it glucose does give us energy but then there's two other guys with that glucose that are kind of grumpy or tired and one that's even fallen asleep um if you kind of look closer at some of the other images there's an irritable one there's a crabby one there's a like um brain that's not working right um so I use that word glucose and then I use these to represent ketones again all three of these ketones are filled with energy they're all their eyes are wide open they're bright blue and they're working together they're not separate uh so when you look at ketones and how they fuel your body not just your brain it is a much longer deeper uh continuous Fuel and there are lots of positive things that come from using ketones as a fuel it just takes time to do that so as I was testing this message out on my kids I instantly realize that I'm using the word glucose and that means I expect everybody to know where glucose comes from and that was my first mistake uh glucose is a wonderful word and I use it all the time but what I'm really saying is when you look at glucose glucose is the sugar uh the sugar energy the carbohydrate energy that's floating around in your blood and if you look at the the smatter of words here the kind of foods that give you carbohydrates all are filled with uh your attention on the uh on the food pyramid so for instance the carbohydrates found in granola bars sound really healthy and I gave those to my kids for years I gave them brand muffins I fed them milk I gave them yogurt I gave them other cereals I had salad I did not give them wine but bread oatmeal ice cream desserts ketchup beans potatoes uh bananas bananas have a very good marketing team their uh their sugar source is really quick and everybody looks at a banana and says they're healthy um the carrots are very uh much a a high carbo hydrate vegetable and many of the vegetables that we eat become so processed and get cooked so much that they're more carbohydrate than anything else and as much as when I say glucose uh I'm thinking of all of these Foods in my mind and I expect the advanced people in a ketogenic diet to be able to connect those um I think my kids are kind of advanced when it comes to a ketogenic diet and when they struggled to get some of these answers right I knew I had to back up a little bit and make sure that everybody knows that holes or where cows come from uh ketones are a again something I think everybody knows where ketones come from um ketones are again this energy source that we find in our system and they come from fat now as your body gets keto adapted I want that fat to be the fat that's found in your love handles the fat that's found in your tummy the fat that's found around your heart but at first we need our bodies to be eating fat to shift it's the chemistry so when I say ketones and I talk about the food that goes with ketones these are the kinds of foods that I think everybody should jump to the conclusion of whether that's sour cream fatty fish chicken wings as long as you eat the skin because there's a lot of fat with that um sardines in oil you're never going to see me skip an opportunity to promote liver worst because it is a great great resource my kids uh have had their uh their daily dose or weekly dose of liver worse this week um butter bacon ribs as long as there's not a lot of sauce on it uh so a dry rub for your ribs um the oils that you use to cook with but make sure they're not seed oils uh most of the seed oils out there I have um uh far too many inflammatory type of fats so you know the most CED oil that I think of is an avocado but lard tallo mayonnaise be sure to look at the labels that the mayonnaise comes with low carbs and of course then there's the ever popular egg um been around for thousands of years and been on the human diet for so long that uh the test of time wins out even if there's been a recent article saying hey eggs are bad for you be careful time wins all right so here's our here's our brain here's our unhealthy brain that is uh wimpy and when I look at the kind of brains that when I see that image as a physician running a clinic for 20 years the people in my mind that circulate um include several of these words I think of patients with memory problems I think of patients with ADHD with in irritable mood those who've had seizures Tremors headaches migraines maybe they can't seem to do math in their head anymore um maybe they have Parkinson's maybe they can't focus some of them have anxiety depression concentration injuries or concentration problems and brain injuries they've just had a concussion and their brain is swollen uh they've had excessive sugars in their brain and their brain is swollen they're alcoholic and their brain is swollen so I think of brain injuries um but when I see that slumpy irritable brain I instantly think of what happens uh of the patients behind the stories of brains that aren't working well all right so let's get back to our brains having two sources of fuel so here's the brain that we want to have it's nice happy pink cheerful concentrating focused nicely sleeping uh and waking energy kind of brain the studies that we're going to talk about have to do with um this brain that has uh both ketones and glucose floating around your circulation so in this blood vessel here you can see those red blood cells circulating but you can also see our glucose squares in the in the circulation and you can see ketones in the circulation so if we go into brains uh it is a unique part of our body where the brain cannot take fat and make ketones it can use ketones for fuel but it cannot make ketones out of fat so it's one of the few places in the body that that can't happen uh the liver is the Superstar when it comes to making ketones but um the the blood brain barrier which is the difference between that blood that's floating there and the Brain there are several protective mechanisms in our body to keep the what's in circulation out of our brain and we have lots of energy and science put into to studying what ends up in our brains so this is part of the area at the bloodb brain barrier that shows how glucose uses something called a glucose transporter to go from circulation into our brains now I might be using lingo there again I might be using jargon words that don't mean what I think they should mean to you so jargon of glucose transporter is at the bloodb brain par barrier the glucose can't just slide across it is protected that bloodb brain barrier will take the glucose lift it over the blood brain barrier and put it into the brain and the job of the transporter that does that it is um how that's why our blood glucose never really drops below like 45 or 50 without our brain saying hey I just don't have enough glucose to feed the brain um so looking at a a um a steady supply of glucose for those little Folks at the blood brain barrier to lift them over the fence and take them out of circulation and put them into the brain but the other very important thing that's been studied is that there are Ketone Transporters and so that MC Transporter not not to be mistaken for MCT oil it's like monocarboxylic transporter or something uh but that's the name of the transporter that takes the ketones and pushes them into the brain again a very regulated process and when there's ketones around that little transporter is very busy and does a really efficient job of supplying the brain with ketones all right so we are looking at the brains with the most disease so I showed you all that list of brains a minute ago of people who have low energy they have Parkinson's they have Tremors they have brains that aren't working right they have anxiety they have depression um if you go back to what happened to lacklin when she first started this consult her brain wasn't working right that's the that's the beauty of why her story is so powerful to me is that her sugars were 300 people her brain was swollen she couldn't focus very long and she's a single mom with two kids she needs someone to help her get this get her brain working right so in order to teach what happened with lain's brain I'm going to use some of the most diseased brains out there which are Alzheimer's brains uh the Alzheimer's brains are um are are very old uh very damaged in this uh situation uh I want you to know that the brains have some uh they are U going to show how glucose fails them but the ketones prevail um so let's start with we're going to talk about glucose first so again these are the healthy brains of elderly people I am uh pointing out that these brains have some sensors in them notice where those red arrows went to pointing that these brains have some hot spots in them what's going on in those hot spots is we Tagg that glucose for energy and as we look at those brains inside these elderly people again these patients were between 68 and 80 years old and I think it's worthy of noting that they weren't overweight their body mass index was 26 healthy being a normal weight but their their elderly body was not obese they were not overweight so again not like lacklin who's had high sugars and has been struggling with her weight for several years because of her type 1 diabetes these are elderly brains and these are the healthy people they did not test positive for any of those memory problems notice those red spots cuz that's going to be really important as we go through these next two pictures what I'm pointing out here is those are the areas that are burning really hot for using glucose again you'll notice that that's the prefrontal cortex um maybe you don't notice that prefrontal cortex is the part right behind your forehead and these are the advanced areas that our brain uses to really you know separate us from every other being on the planet is uh those parts of our brain burn burn glucose and we can do more advanced skills with our brains than any other um uh living being on on planet Earth uh so looking at that prefrontal cortex that's where a lot of that glucose goes now watch closely as I show you what happened with memory problems so now you can see a little less of that glucose is positive and there's more yellow now there's even some areas that have green as the way they're representing their their energy the green energy means that they're on the lower Spectrum for burning glucose remember uh these people have mild memory problems I'm just going to show you that one more time I'm going to go back to healthy brains now watch carefully what happens with the red and the yellow as I move forward that red gets a little lighter and the yellow gets to be more prominent with those mild memory problems I know that's subtle but just hang in there I'm going to drive this point home let's move on now to the people who have Alzheimer's again they're between 68 and 80 years old and they're not fat now look at how much of that brain is green again a very low a there's even a little bit of blue there that says it's incredibly hungry for energy these elderly people have low glucose low uh uh delivery for the energy the brain is asking for you could you could in many ways say that these Alzheimer's brains are hungry their cells are asking for glucose they're burning very low glucose because their brain is resistant to it and we know that many times Alzheimer's is called type 3 diabetes because because of how it's not efficiently using glucose for energy anymore it needs help all right hang in there with me this is where this gets interesting now we're going to switch to the use of ketones again these ketones are burning energy for fuel and we we know that those energy ketones are going to be um longer acting and they are again you can't make them in the grain make them in the brain you had to pull them from the circulation into the body so here are those same healthy brains again our elderly people not overweight healthy brains they tested normal on their memory tests and these people had had ketones floating in their circulation for four to six weeks they go into the scanner and they look at the areas of the brain that are using glucose excuse me that are using ketones so look at the yellow and the Green in these healthy brains of these elderly people who have normal memory tests but look how much of their brain is using um ketones only a couple little ditel there for the blue areas which would be a very low amount of energy coming from ketones now watch carefully what happens when I show you what happens with the mild memory problems mild memory problems now turn into more yellow and less green so now there's a higher percentage of their brain burning ketones again when we compare these brains to the ones who had normal memory we see that several of the cells in their in their mind in their brain have turned up the the resources for burning ketones this is a huge but subtle finding and then I want you to compare it to what happens to those who have Alzheimer's and that is where you'll see that there are red areas in the Alzheimer's brains seeking a very high level of Ketone burning in their brain uh this is a incredible incredible issue that I I hope I can drive home to those people looking uh at this online and remembering that brains have specific rules now we've got the most diseased brains this Alzheimer brain and it is using a very intense and high level of ketones well why would it do that all right so here's just a look of all of those scans together I just want you to carefully look at the column where the glucose was the ones on the uh on the the left and the ketones are the ones over on the right and the healthy brains had some hot spots for glucose but it had some moderate uh to low Ketone burning meaning it used ketones but it wasn't it wasn't really um as intense as what happens when the memory problems got worse the brain started recruiting more and more cells to to step up its production of uh ketones by the time you get to alzheimer's again these are institutionalized Alzheimer's disease patients very Advanced brain diseases and look at how many look at those that lower right hand corner where there are red spots for that Alzheimer's disease I I think just to drive it home I want to make sure that you see that the starve the the the brains that were starving for fuel they had widespread Ketone burning they had yellow and green everywhere with some spots of red their brains as much as we've called them disease as much as we've said this Alzheimer's brain isn't working very well they are institutionalized cannot take care of themselves there is a hidden message here that when their brains cannot satisfy the energy that is needed because it is only it has been using glucose only for such a long time that that transition isn't um isn't mandatory there are options for these patients brains so all right so these folks in that study they didn't just wake up one day in ketosis we supplemented and put ketones into their body they were really good at putting glucose into their brain at all three ages all of them used glucose for fuel without that people die so they did a good job but there was a difference as the brains weren't working well they couldn't match the needs of the energy for the brain's uh the demand the brain was putting on the energy when we added ketones the little receptor that keeps uh kind of as sleepy if you haven't had any ketones in your circulation we woke It Up by just giving the patients supplements of a ketogenic diet or of a BHB that's called ketones in a can is what I call them and we turned on that receptor that takes it out of the circulation and puts it into the brain after that brain has been exposed we found that the brain actually preferred to use ketones over the glucose ketones were sparing uh the brain glucose uptake so as we were looking at those two receptors uh which ones were more efficient at at fueling the brain as the ketones were increasing we saw that the Ketone receptor right there at that blood brain barrier was more efficiently taking the ketones out of circulation and putting them into the brain uh this process was in trade for as much glucose meaning it wasn't that oh we were throwing glucose into the brain and it was just happen to be that ketones were there the brain was preferring the ketones over the glucose and that's something that I didn't know um now this slide is a little intense but I do want you to see that this is against studying people who are looking at a ketogenic uh the the Ketone that Bridges the brain Gap but this is for fuel so that white bar in the back is the brain energy and again these are all our same folks that were from those scans they are between 68 and 80 years old and the actually the first column is young healthy uh control group uh the second column are the ones who are 68 to 80 years old and they have uh no memory problems as you look though the demands and energy for the young adults they had they were able to supply their brains with 100% of their energy only 5% of their brain was using ketones so they had no deficits in what they needed as we moved on to the older folks who did not have memory problems they were able to meet their brain energy needs with glucose but they still had a few percentage points that they used that they used ketones to fuel their brain with as we now move into people who had just the mild memory problems this is not Alzheimer's these are the mild memory problems uh we see that they're barely meeting uh the demands for their brain that just a smidgen over uh that white line that Ketone gets them there and uh they're struggling they are really struggling to meet the demands for their brain we start supplementing in this case we used MCT for their um ketones but as we added 30 gram of MCT and then 45 gram of MCT their energy fuel for their brain improved and so did their test scores their brain was able to not just pull those glucose Mo molecules from the circulation but also when the ketones were floating around in their circulation and again you can test these at home you can test your glucose with a glucose monitor you can test your ketones with a ketone Monitor and the higher they got their ketones uh in a ketogenic State the longer they did that the better their brain was able to perform on those tests all right let's please subscribe to my channel and don't forget to click the notification Bell so you don't miss out on any new videos stay tuned [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnculver7229 [4 likes]: Dr. Boz, Keep up the great work! The public needs real doctors using there brain and not pushing pills.
  2. @alireza7903 [3 likes]: i actually didn't understand well. if brain prefers ketons, why in young and healthy group, 95% of energy was obtained from glucose?
  3. @pamwiley1609 [2 likes]: Hi Dr. Boz, oh how I love your videos and am devouring them. Pretty close to binge watching. Ha! It's 2023 and I realize no one from your group may be reading comments on this particular video anymore. The slide where you explain where glucose comes from, the word "dessert" is misspelled. It's the "desert" on the slide. On the slide where you explain where ketones come from the word "mayonnaise" is misspelled. It should have two "n". Thanks again for all you do!
  4. @AronD-fp5oq [1 likes]: Great video! But a bit of an unfair comparison and I’m 3:30 in. If you’re going to use bran muffin as a form of glucose, I’d expect to see hot pockets or some fried processed food for the ketones. I bet there’d be some sluggish ketones as well if you derived your diet off of hot dogs. I think it would be more fair to compare ketones from lean fats and healthy oils against Fructose from organic backgrounds.
  5. @skye7690 [1 likes]: Way better than Dr. Oz, that’s all I can say.  Thank you, just the video i was looking for.  Ketones vs Glucose to fuel brain for memory issue or Alz.
  6. @MichaelHplus [1 likes]: Talk about misinformation. You’ve shown zero evidence that ketones are a “better” fuel than sugar. Taking someone on an unhealthy American diet and then making them go low carb is not evidence that your approach is better than a healthy higher starch diet.  Literally billions of people around the world are slim and healthy eating a starch-based diet, and here you are telling people to eat more bacon.
  7. @alan2112drums: Sardines "in oil"? Isn't the oil in a can of sardines seed oil?
  8. @John-ms1sz: Add taurine and arginine to add extra. The brain also likes taurine (at age-appropriate doses) and nitric oxide. Five grams cured my arrythmias within 90 minutes - and lowered my BP.
  9. @quincytambo4403: Thank you, you make complex theories easy to understand.
  10. @kyefang8278: I listened again and again, but still struggle to understand what makes you reason brain prefers ketone over glucose. But the way, what parts of brain have to live on glucose?
  11. @davidmastel5652: Once again Dr. Boz, I think you are sharing things that are so foreign to all that understand the food pyramid...the insight into the causal wisdom and corrective insight is just so fun to grasp, you are a great teacher and I appreciate your work!
  12. @davidc.hammack7136: Super Brain information! 5:14
  13. @jeanpaultongeren125: Hi, is it since ketones increase brain function. Does it mean If I do Keto my schizophrenia will be better and I mean the symptons
  14. @johnthom3342: What a confusing explanation.
  15. @Stan_in_Shelton_WA: Sardines in oil are typically in soybean oil, NOT GOOD!
  16. @jackberetta1: So in the beginning Alzheimer’s had more ketones as a negative for the brain?
  17. @iforgotmyname1885: How much glucose does the Sahara give you?
  18. @enonknives5449: If you look at the chart at the 15 minute mark, you will see that Alzheimer's patients on ketones look like healthy patients on glucose.  Also, healthy patients on ketones look like Alzheimer's patients on glucose.  I don't think these charts are properly visualizing what Dr. Boz is trying to prove.  Something is wrong in the presentation of the data.
  19. @Fhreearth: She always sounds confusing I think
  20. @skye7690: Also note latest research on Alz showing of two brain glucose receptors one may be faulty, so having an alternative fuel like ketones could be a big plus to Alzheimer’s patents, would be good to see research on this.

- How Does Keto Affect Brain Chemistry? - Keto Kitchen HQ: Kind: captions Language: en How does keto affect brain chemistry? Have you ever wondered how changing your diet could impact your brain? The ketogenic diet, often referred to as keto, is a low carbohydrate, high-fat eating plan that shifts your body's energy source from glucose to ketones. This change can significantly influence brain chemistry and function. On a typical diet, your brain primarily relies on glucose for energy. However, when you adopt a keto diet, your liver starts producing ketones such as beta hydroxybutyrate from fat. This alternative fuel source can be used by the brain efficiently, potentially improving cognitive abilities and lowering oxidative stress. One interesting aspect of the keto diet is its effect on neurotransmitters. For example, it can increase levels of gamma aminobuteric acid which is an inhibitory neurotransmitter. This means it helps regulate anxiety and stress responses promoting a calmer state of mind. Additionally, the keto diet may enhance neurop protection by boosting levels of antioxidants like glutathione. These antioxidants play a vital role in protecting brain cells from damage caused by oxidative stress. When it comes to brain health and neurogenesis, which is the process of forming new neurons, research is still ongoing. However, there is evidence suggesting that ketones may support brain health by reducing neuroinflammation and improving mitochondrial function. This could be particularly beneficial for conditions like Alzheimer's disease and other neurodeenerative disorders. In practical terms, incorporating a keto diet into your lifestyle may offer advantages for brain health, especially for individuals with certain neurological conditions. However, it is essential to consult with a health care provider before making any significant dietary changes, particularly if you have pre-existing health issues. As we look to the future of keto research, understanding how the ketogenic diet affects brain chemistry could lead to new therapeutic applications for neurological health. While more studies are needed to fully explore these possibilities, the current evidence points to the keto diet as a promising area of research for enhancing brain health.

  Top Comments:
  1. @allencrider: It turns you into a MAGAtard.

- Is a keto diet helpful for migraines and headaches?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] could very low carb or ketogenic diets help treat migraine headaches and cluster headaches the answer is it just might there's some evidence to support it and we have a recent guide published at dieddoctor.com to help you learn more about this i'm dr brett sher the medical director at dietdoctor.com and i want to tell you about this wonderful guide recently written by francisca spritzler because let's face it i mean and you know what i'm talking about if you have migraines or cluster headaches you will do almost anything to stop them because they can be debilitating and they're awful and nobody wants to live with them or have to inject medications or take regular medications to try and prevent or abort them they're terrible and they can really affect your lifestyle so if a nutritional intervention could prevent them that's something you'd be interested i'd imagine i certainly would but anyway um this guide that francisca wrote goes through the the evidence supporting the very low carbo-ketogenic diets for treating first migraines and then she goes in the cluster of headaches now there isn't robust evidence about this okay there's a there's a team of researchers out of italy who started with publishing a case report and then went into an observational trial and then went into randomized control trial and each step of those trials they showed significant benefits for the people following a very low carb or ketogenic diet and reducing the frequency and intensity of their migraine headaches why does this work well i don't think that science even really knows why migraines happen but there's something maybe about energy usage something about inflammation something about chemical imbalances and introducing ketones into the brain as fuel may help balance some of that it may have to do with eliminating some of the other foods that you really don't eat on a ketogenic diet that may have been triggering it and of course it may have other things you know ketones are known to uh suppress the nlrp3 inflammasome so having a decreased inflammatory response in your body so there may be other mechanisms but the point is that this um i guess you can call it preliminary research from this group out of italy really is encouraging that look if you've tried medications and you've tried so many different things and you're still having migraine headaches that a ketogenic diet may be a useful approach you should of course talk with your physician to see if it's reasonable with your medications and your medical conditions but it certainly may be a reasonable approach and it certainly has other potential health benefits that we detail on our website from weight loss to blood sugar control so an appetite suppression so definitely worth a try now with cluster headaches um similar type of evidence from the same group in um in italy what francisca talks about is is the evidence supporting it in in our guide so there were 18 people with drug resistant cluster headaches they took they had a ketogenic diet for 12 weeks 11 of them became symptom free and four others had a 50 or greater decrease in their headaches so there's some evidence to suggest it it works for cluster headaches as well they're gonna have slightly different mechanisms but with a lot of crossover about why they happen so it makes sense that the diet could treat both of them so i if you have migraines if you have cluster headaches i encourage you to read francisca's post at dietdoctor.com it also has links of course to all the references and scientific studies and has links to some of our um inspiring stories of people who have used low-carbon ketogenic diets to help their headaches so it's something that should definitely be on your radar screen if you're a headache sufferer okay i hope this helps check it out at dietdoctor.com please hit like and subscribe down below if you found this video helpful and then you'll also get all our podcasts and our news posts and and all the other updates here at diddector.com youtube channel thanks a lot everybody have a great day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ranodeep014 [8 likes]: Been suffering from chronic headaches since 2011. Have tried a lot of different medications, antidepressants. And alternative treatments too (including seeing a TMJ specialist in america that cost me a fortune since i live in india). 

Started keto in February this year and now the headaches are almost completely gone.🙌 Took almost six months to see the full effects of it
  2. @SandraTaylorHedges [6 likes]: My migraine headaches have almost disappeared and if they happen the severity is much lower so over the counter medications can help control it.  Accompanied symptoms are also less severe as well.  I have gone from 15-20 headache days a month to 4 or 5 each month
  3. @cassieoz1702 [5 likes]: My mind says that if keto stops brains from doing random, spontaneous crap (seizures), it might also mute other random, spontaneous neurological crap like migrains, chronic pain, neuropathic pain ...
  4. @lisalu3994 [2 likes]: Praying this works for my husband. He has had migraine since he was young but we just realised gluten is a trigger so he went onto the gluten free bread etc which is awful taste so he was just eating a few eggs a day and maybe a bit of meat and veg. He was so hungry he gave up and ate Pizza, the day after he had migraine and today he has one after finishing the pizza last night. I suggested Keto because he could use fat as his fuel source instead of carbs. We'll see how it goes he's very underweight as it is so i hope he doesn't go down any further.
  5. @FordFans721 [2 likes]: Please stop putting migraine and headache in the same category.  Migraine is in its own debilitating DISEASE. Get it right.  I guess people that never suffered from a migraine will never understand what it is like to truly suffer.
  6. @samgreeneggs8101 [2 likes]: A lot of people commenting here about headaches and reduction in headaches.  Confusing because headaches are nothing to do with migraines.  Are people just using the words headache and migraine interchangeably or are there people with headaches being substantially helped by keto or low carb and not so much migraine being helped?
  7. @nwilliams6382 [1 likes]: Great info but can we distinguish that Migraine is a debilitating Neurological disorder. Not just a headache. And we have migraine attacks.
  8. @hopefullyholistic [1 likes]: I've had several migraines since childhood mostly triggered by heat but now after having my first child I get the vision migraines and boy am I ready to make a change to prevent them. Had one last night and my daughter only wants mommy so she threw a fit when I tried to go relax. It sucked and I don't want to deal with that again. Starting keto tomorrow for that and several other reasons. Wish me luck!
  9. @christyconatser2680 [1 likes]: I went the Carnivore diet route with OMAD, and i have had only 2 migraines in 5 months.( I was at approximately 15-18 per month for 30 years..People laugh and say that's ridiculous but it really helped me.
  10. @Some-RANDOM-IDIOT-On-YouTube [1 likes]: A few months ago, i switched to a low-carb, high-fiber, high-fat diet (to maintain the 50 pounds i lost and to further lower blood sugar). One of the unexpected things I noticed was a reduction in migraines and the severity of symptoms.
  11. @PurpledPandaYT [1 likes]: It doesn't work for me. One of my triggers is low blood sugar.
  12. @saridewi1187: You all have learn the protocol of keto lifestyle...learning makes you enjoy doing keto.
  13. @ukulele_et_surgeles: I have more migraine since i started keto + intermittent fasting (2 crises per month vs 1 per month before starting keto) but i want to see long term, and maybe it’s IF that is not good for me ?
  14. @Queenweezy: But going low carb is giving me a headache tho 😵‍💫
  15. @clayed: Makes sense. The few people I know who get migraines have noted added water intake reduces symptoms. Carbohydrates require more water intake, it's in the name. How many migraine headaches are due to brain dehydration? Not dissimilar from a hangover.
  16. @tatendachimika3673: This good
  17. @fitdoctor1622: I had cluster headaches 2 years intermittently, i realized its low salt and also i had keto treated to my hypertension, actually keto and some salt help me to be free of headaches. One point as long as you start keto you need more Sodium to you diet that's was what helped me.
  18. @sandyhobo2053: Luv keto. But i did it for about a year, and NEVER slept much. I couldnt take it no more.
  19. @merchyllynable: Yes.
  20. @joannekerr8839: This will be such an encouraging video for so many people - thank you.

- MIGRAINES AND KETO – BENEFIT OR LIABILITY?: Kind: captions Language: en hi folks um this is dr rob sivas the club addiction doc and we are so honored with somebody i'm going to call a friend of mine uh dr angela stanton and i've known angela for quite some time and the interesting thing is we were just talking a little bit ago she's very similar to me in terms of her inquisitiveness and we're going to explore the concept of migraines and she considers herself to be a migrant neuron is specialized in this not intentionally but vicariously like i did coming from my own background and understanding and developing a specialty uh thought process and she's been doing this for over 15 years having suffered since she was a young child one of the things when we get introduced we're both uh phds but i can wallpaper a small house for the number of degrees i have and they're irrelevant to me except for the fact that i can check those boxes and angela is kind of the same really what comes down to this is our practical and our pragmatic experience and our full process and the advice we can give to people so um while angela is highly decorated well known done tons of podcasts the most important thing is this woman is an absolute expert in helping people to understand migraines and then have a practical therapeutic approach that i know works i refer when my patients and a lot of them have a list of oh migraine i'll say look we're going to put brackets around that i'm going to send you angela migraine dashbook.com as an email reach out to her tell you one of my patients and she's much much better than i am at helping you today i'm going to share this on our channel her expertise so welcome angela thank you so much thank you for inviting me it's really pleasure meeting you in person finally can we start with your own personal story just a little bit sure uh i can't be exact with the date but right around in my early teens maybe 11 12 years old that is when i started my migraines but they were very atypical so what we would call today as migraine as an adult is very different from what children are diagnosed with as migraines so my migraines were children-like so to speak so i had irritable bowel syndrome cyclical vomiting syndrome these are the kind of symptoms i i don't recall having a headache i may have had a headache to go with it but i just remember extremely painful um intestinal issues and we were just always told it's just probably some bug that the kid ate whatever so uh the problem that it didn't surface was because at that time nobody tried the time of the year so i am not young i'm in my late 60s um and so uh my primary time when i started my migraines for was in the early 60s 1960s and so at that time we didn't eat back in europe i'm from europe originally if you didn't eat a lot of sugar or carbohydrates we typically ate just a regular what was available mostly meat some grains some potatoes but usually if there's a lot of meat and we only ate fruits and vegetables and sugar seasonally sugar for example ice cream you couldn't buy ice cream in the dead of winter you had to wait for summer it just didn't it wasn't in stores you couldn't buy it and so um interestingly all of my episodes i as i recall were in the summer time and so there was some seasonality to it that nobody discovered and so this was a puzzle for me so when i today talk to parents whose children have irritable bowel syndrome a cyclical vomiting cinnamon first thing that comes up to me is a seasonal this is something that is but of course today there's no season everybody eats sugar all day long and so um my first question is immediately along the line of nutrition for the migraine and whether it is a migraine are there any other symptoms and so this is my background and i didn't really have an official migraine that they would today call a migraine with a headache until after the birth of my second child so we're talking about i was maybe 29 years old and it sort of kind of increased over my life so as many doctors tell them in particular well when you get into menopause you are premenopausal you will not have any migraines that wasn't the case it actually increased and so and i have been talking to a lot of others since then similar situation and so this started me working so in my 50s i started to work on migraines because at that time i already had migraines five days out of the week every single week and i was completely useless and to the point i quit my academic job i used to teach i used i was max bank institute in germany working as a postdoc um as a guest uh researcher and so i had to quit a lot because i was just in constant pain this is what started my research in migraine fantastic so i told you we're going to bounce around a little bit and and i'm very intrigued by something you've said so i'm going to go a little sideways here and and because what you've talked about is something i've never heard talked about is the childhood migraines and one of the interesting things when i when i look this up and this is academic knowledge not practical knowledge but in prepubescent kids um it seems like there's a three to one incidence of boys having a higher incidence of migraines than girls under that 12 to 13 year age group and um so i and you know biologically the the boys and girls whom only are much more similar before the girls have gone through menarche and the the boys have started to mature so uh um i just a comment about that and i think you mentioned that this is often abdominal symptomatology um that is the expression of the migraine and so first of all the comment is about boys versus girls and really what this is about is raising an awareness of abdominal pain that's unexplained it's not appendicitis it's not the other things could this be related to either migraines or the question really for you you're looking backwards at your own life is this truly a migraine in other words starting in the brain and going to the gut or is this just a prodrome of insulin resistance because we know irritable bowel we know that some of the gi not so much the vomiting but reflux are caused by chronic excessive carbohydrate consumption and early insulin resistance is this an association is it a direct causal effect with the migraine itself because you said you didn't really have the headaches but you had the the abdominal symptoms could you tease that out for us a little bit but i am fascinated by raising this awareness with so many moms who are doctor bouncing and not getting adequate answers for their kids so i love that already that's already blown my mind so here's another point that i would like to add to that before i answer your question is that so a couple of recent academic articles point to the fact that a child a baby that has colic is actually a migraine baby there's no proof of this but there are several articles that suggest that already at that early age a migraine may manifest in a completely different and unexpected way it may be equivalent to a colic so this sort of kind of answers your question because you don't expect a large population 12 to 15 of the population has migraines and so do children as well 12 to 15 obviously it's the same kind of a ratio you don't expect a newborn baby that is colic to have type 2 diabetes or be metabolically sick not yet anyway maybe later on and maybe there's a genetic association there which we can talk about but i think uh and this is a hypothesis of mine is that we are born margin is genetic that we know that's not a hypothesis we do know it's a genetic condition are they all genetic because i know that there's a correlation with certain genes is it always genetic it's always genetic the question is at what time what age does it express and it will express based on the epigenetic factors so one can silence the genes with the proper epigenetic influences and one can activate the gene are the improper epigenetic influences and whether something is proper improper is dependent on the person and obviously the location and also the age so you mentioned for example voice in puberty right around that time their appetite increases they believe anything that moves that may be one reason why it gets expressed because they may not be eating the right kind of foods with this said and done there are children in our boys in this age group who eat completely fine and they still start to express some genetic some migraine uh symptoms which can have an evolutionary backdrop which is something that we want to talk about later let me just stop you for one second is there any correlation in your knowledge with testing for insulin resistance and those young kids because you're right we don't make that correlation we don't make that association in these young kids do you have any is there any evidence where people have looked at these young boys with these symptoms and correlated with insulin resistance all with hyperglycemia i don't know of any one case where children are specifically who are suspected to have migraine are tested for metabolic disease so i wouldn't be able to give you that answer but a lot of pediatricians i think it's a reasonable thing to look at when you see this it should be flexible it should be because in my facebook group on um in a migrant facebook group the main the protocol group which has about 12 council members i do look at the metabolic health of everyone who joins and i have many mothers some bits up to six children of which maybe two or three have migraines uh already at a young age and i do put through them uh put them through a test which is like a craft equivalent let's just have craft tests which um i assume some of the audience don't know it's a five-hour postprandial um blood glucose and in my case instead of insolences i am not a medical doctor so i can't order an insulin so i can ask a doctor to do it but it's usually refused so what we do is an at home where we control the food that they eat and we know precisely what they ate and then we take a five hour blood glucose and blood ketones test and with the combination of the two i can use ketones to look as a proxy for insulin and so i can estimate an approximation of the metabolic health and i take this every half an hour so the mother is taking out i'm not with the patient this is also facebook and then they post their results and i have sort of predetermined normal curves based on whether they're going to eat a regular diet standard american diet or a normal curve for carnivore or keto i have different kind of normal curves of what the expectation would be what craft levels do they correlate with you've got the five different patterns what is the problem that you most commonly see in your migraine population i see for the children i see very slight variations toward pattern two where they will have a delayed response and then in the adults that come in with migraine and by now i have a lot of people coming in who are not my goodness so i have a mix of findings i find that most of the people who are test who by the way have never been tested by with diabetes by their doctors or not even insulin resistance which is a form of diabetes they were they were never tested and not one of the markers show that they have metabolic disease but on this five-hour test they show level three or level four right so let me study i we use the craft test a lot i actually do it because i'm a physician i can do it with insulin and glucose we don't do five hour we tend to do for most labs they're comfortable doing a three i can push them to four hours but it still gives a good tracing and i've created um the concept of for my patent two uh i call it insulin resistance one where there's a delayed response but you start with normal glycemia and normally low insulin and then the threes are where your insulin level is elevated you start with a low blood sugar and it's a much more delayed pattern so that's ir1 and ir2 and it really depends on systemic blood glucose elevation in response to an elevated insulin and over time fasting blood sugar never comes down to normal in the in the ir2 which then becomes type 2 diabetes down the road i'm going to stop you i want to come back to this but i want to circle back to something else that again i told you my head operates this way colic and these young kids um i'm going to ask you just a quick question and then because i want to follow on this where do we believe in the brain migraines are most prevalent which part of the brain okay this is a very important question and it can be any of everything in the brain the symptoms tell you where it is occurring so for example if i suddenly am unable to talk and there is actually a newscaster who was reporting on something in the middle of the report suddenly all the words ended up garbled totally backwards made absolutely no sense and she was not even aware of it and of course they took her to the hospital they thought she had a stroke but all she had was migraine so well we know that if it is in fact the speech that is affected then it's the broccoli area in the left part of the brain right if i see an aura that would be an occipital cortex region in the opposite side if i have a hemiplegic migraine that's going to be on the other side of my brain in a bigger area which controls all my movements so there's no one set area in the brain where this can occur let me just because when you're dealing with babies or children under the age of five you've got colic the two things that lead to mind is number one the human brain continues to structurally develop through the first five years of age that human brain is not completely structurally normal yet and you've got obviously white matter development gray matter development but when you're talking colic and gi symptoms uh cyclical vomiting or vomiting uh irritable bowel that sounds more autonomic to me and more at a basal ganglion level than at the cerebral level the gray matter and the question is can you get migraines at the basal ganglion level absolutely yes you can wow okay yeah you can get it in any part and the manifestation it's going to evolve over time because basically what we're talking about is where the brain has not yet evolved to the proper adult form it can't have a channelopathy so we can talk about this at any time but migraine is genetic of course but it's a form of channelomopathy and so what the channelopathy actually means and how it evolves and how it is presented is dependent upon obviously brain development so if i have a child who was just born not much white matter exists yet and so not much of the structural buildup is finished yet so i may not have that child show me what my migraine is it may come in an atypical presentation because the channel opposite isn't quite there yet but it may be there somewhere but it may still be shed because um after birth the brain tends to sort of kind of trash a lot of excess growth and so it may be trimmed after a while and if it is trimmed we will never find it so uh we have to wait for the maturation the actual maturation of the brain which would be at like 30 34 for males and some a few years less for females before we can actually density this is the brain region that is represented does that locus change over time or can it be different for different migraines in the same person oh absolutely it can and so this is one of the reasons why i'm saying there's no different migraines all migraines are migraine there are no different types of migraine that they name a ton of different kind of migraines but they're all the same what differs is the location and that can move so i personally have experience or a migraine hemoglobin classic migraine you name it i'm experienced just about all of them and i have many members in my mind suddenly just the other day one of them said i've never had an aura in my life suddenly i come down with aura so yes it changes it totally depends upon the brain region that that basal ganglion thing is fascinating because that again is is the rudimentary the oldest brain system and right that autonomic nervous system parents uh sympathetic nervous system can affect you know those organs migraine is very much connected to uh what what i call the lizard brain when you're looking at the more ancient part which is uh because one of the what i call the tri migraine system so i have a complex what i call the trimaran complex is how i set up migraine it goes through all the emotive part of the brain and it actually generates a fight-or-flight syndrome so if you have a brain region that suddenly experiences the inability to fire electricity that's a very big thing voltage is a crucial right so there will be a panic attack and there are several steps to this but a panic attack within the brain is going to be initiated because the brain as smart as it is to operate us it doesn't know what's wrong with it so it's not familiar with itself and so it's going to initiate a series of steps to first troubleshoot then also just to solve the problem to resolve the problem and so one of the solutions that it finds appropriate which sometimes actually works is to initiate a fight or flight because what happens in a fight or flight is first of all our blood pressure increases the blood oxygenation increases the blood heart rate increases so suddenly more electrolytes will be traveling all over the place and faster so that can resolve the problem but with the fight or flight we now suddenly enter into the emotive part of the brain the little brain of what we do are we gonna fly fight or are we gonna run away and whatever we choose to do is going to create different kind of situations but it connects very much to the primitive brain right and so there's absolutely no wonder that it starts in a primitive brain because it's very much part of it and that's why we have those somatic symptoms that are not pure sensory or motor but they're more visceral uh along those lines again i'm bouncing a little bit because this is how my brain works but there are two conditions two or three conditions i'm thinking about and you can tell me whether this popul these populations have a greater incidence of migraines or a lower or the same the first one is and we've seen this now 1990 2019 statistics in this country are that 1 in 44 8 year old kids have autism spectrum disorder which is a white matter dysfunction and obviously when you're going to feel symptoms they have to be translated back and forth or channeled back and forth down the down these systemic nerves it's not just in the brain and the question then is um is rate the incidence and the frequency or occurrence of of migraines or the perception of that different in the autism spectrum population and what are your what is your knowledge and thoughts about uh migraines in that population because our belief is that autism is not a genetic condition it is a substrate condition and um so therefore the genetics of migraines should be identical by percentage whether they have autism or not because it's a pre-existing genetic condition with an environmental overlay but a disruption in the anatomy of the white matter of the brain a little complex to follow and understand but but what are your thoughts so i actually have two parts here that and it's not complex for me at all because part of my research originally my distribution was going to be an autistic children and the cause which i have a completely different hypothesis and another faculty for whom i wanted to end up working as a postdoc ended up solving the mystery so i will tell you about it as well but let me go back into the general population in my migrant group i don't have the general population i only have the population that is facebook savvy and some of the parents who are facebook savvy i do have a couple of parents who have autistic children but i don't have enough information to tell you whether these children have more or less migraine or not and also some of these children may not be able to communicate if they have migraine or not so we may not know what they have but in terms of the brain um it is entirely possible that if you have one particular kind of brain change or variant based on genetically then it may preclude other kind of variant changes and so i wouldn't know if it if autism was genetic would that automatically preclude some other kind of genetic conditions in the brain i wouldn't know that let's assume that autism is not genetic um but we assume that it is but it it may or may not be so we don't know my assumption is that it's not my personal assumption is that it's not right and that's why you can argue yeah right and that's also my exception my assumption there are some exceptions where i can see children but they deeply have other kind of conditions as well so we don't know which one came first it's the chicken or the egg but in terms of autism in general when i did my dissertation and i had a lot of choices of what i wanted to do my topic was oxytocin and oxytocin is a hormone that is released by the mother at the time of giving birth also of course milk lead then and so forth but it's primarily a bonding hormone and um the importance of all these points that the birth where bonding is important the release of the milk uh a milk let down is led by oxytocin and it is also the one that starts the actual labor it creates the cons the constructions of the um the uterus we didn't have so many autistic children prior to our pitocin for children for the parents to start label labor and so my investigation was going to be to see if the pitocin which is basically oxytocin just in a genetic form if it is released naturally in the mother it's released only at just about the time the baby is born it's not released before and is the brain ready for that amount of oxytocin to be released in time when the mother-to-be is on pitocin it's an artificial induction of the oxytocin in order to initiate the labor itself so may it override the brain and may it create an artistic light like behavior because oxytocin is the bonding it's a social hormone it's also called the law of hormone and so we have two kinds of autistic children ones who are incapable of emotion and love and ones who are overly motive and overly loved right and this is a general broad category and so there was a lady whose name is sisu carter and i don't know if she's still alive she was in one of these universities that i wanted to end up working with her uh she was using bowls these are italy little cute nice looking things but they're two kinds and they live only while they're not typical for lab use and there are two kinds one is a very socially bonded kind and the other one that is not and so they were perfect for her experiments to see how oxytocin worked with these two brains and then she did an experiment but she sacrificed the babies so she would induce one mother with pitocin not induce another one you're just giving nothing whatsoever and a third inducing with saline just for a placebo and took a look and allowed the mothers to to give birth allowed the the infants to be born properly and she sacrificed the influence and looked at the brain slides and she looked very specifically to find the oxytocin receptors in the brain of the infant vols and she found that those voles who were given the pictosin the receptors were oxytocin was literally they were burned off they didn't function didn't exist whereas in the natural or the ceiling nothing has happened and so all and some of the infants some of the babies she kept and they all were artistic in terms of what we would call wall statistics so they didn't have bonding didn't socialize so forth and so when i'm looking at this is what i wanted to look at in humans obviously we can't sacrifice babies and test their brain cells but i was going to look at just statistics did this mother get pitocin and did that child develop autistic tendencies right and so nobody of course would release the data for me no hospital would be stupid enough to do that because it's a lawsuit in the making and so we don't know so it's a hypothesis but based on the studies on walls it's clearly shown that in fact it is not genetic but there might be a genetic predisposition to being sensitive to the genetics don't take it from one in fifteen thousand incidents in 1970 to one in 44 in 1919 in 2019 the the no matter how effective we become a diagnostics it doesn't explain that incident so yeah genetic theory i i don't think is is relevant there may again there might be a minor predisposition that's an interesting interesting concept i'd like to i love that and i want to explore that a bit more but i want to get back i know we dive we haven't started we can go for hours right but the other question i have and i actually had a patient this morning that i referred to you and she had a motor vehicle accident had a tbi a traumatic brain injury and has started suffering has been diagnosed with by her physician by neurologist after the after the traumatic brain injury and i actually sent it to you because i'm not certain that that is a correct diagnosis but i don't know uh the all the criteria that's why we're talking the question is what do you have any knowledge of tbi and association with migraines absolutely i have many members actually with tbi um and it's increasing unfortunately for whatever reason now given that migraine is genetic but as i noted earlier it has to be expressed at one point and it's based on epigenetic forces so if somebody had the possibility of having a migraine brain based on inheritance or other factors it could just spontaneously also arrive but it's still going to be genetic it can in fact be initiated by a traumatic brain injury so there's no difference there but i will diagnose and of course i'm not on md again so i don't diagnose but i just sort of have a criteria that i set up for my understanding of whether this person is immigrant or not and i apply those questionnaires so i will ask the person for example where does the pain hurt because most people think of a migraine as a very big headache but of course migraine often happens without a headache so clearly migraine is not dependent on having to have a headache and also migraine headaches that's an important point i just want to just say that again because that's such an important point that i was unaware of that migraines can happen without a headache absolutely absolutely and there's a physiological pathophysical explanation to that which i can also give it's complicated but migraine in fact i would say about 15 of the migraines don't have associated pain primarily because the migraine can resolve because the brain is capable of resetting the particular condition is that sorry to interrupt you there but is that the population that have an aura that is not uh that is not doesn't become a headache because i read about that a little bit in preparation for this is that different from that group okay so that group is known because for most cases when you see the arrow when you see the aura it's starting at very back of the brain and so there is what's called a cortical spreading depression i don't know if you're familiar with what that is okay so think of somebody had a heart attack and you have the uh they're putting on a cpr machine to sort of jet start study electricity in the brain a cortical spreading depression is exactly the same thing it's a self-created cpr machine that is within the brain and what the brain does this is one of his solutions of the many that is over over the years has evolved is that okay so some part of the brain is not functioning and the functioning is lacking as a result of electrolyte imbalance which is actually the cause of migraine that neuron is not communicating it's down and so the neighboring neurons send a signal there is something not right here and so the part that a particular part of the brain and where it starts is usually in one spot but it's a spreading depression which means it's a depolarization it changes the ionic channels all the way through the brain it moves with about two and a half to five millimeter per minute so it's a slow moving activation of the entire brain and so as you well know what we see with our eyes is transformed into from um dots and and colors and shadows it's transferred into an actual electrical signal that we can comprehend as a table or a chair what we're looking at as this electricity is moving through the brain it activates each neuron which then gives us an electrical signal the occipital cortex thinks we're looking at something it doesn't know that we're not looking at something it receives these signals and so what we actually see sometimes very beautiful sometimes uh just really weird we actually see the cortical spreading depression moving through the brain we're activating the neurons being uh activated one by one it's nobody's talking about this and this again is my explanation it's a completely logical explanation because our occipital cortex doesn't know what we're looking at it just thinks you're looking at something and so this is why an aura margaret closing the eye can still see it because it's not in the eyes it's in the brain and if this cortical spreading depression was successful meaning it completely reset the ionic structure of the brain and of course our heartbeat every heartbeat changes the ionic those molality and it's changing the blood if it was successful there will be no pain which is hidden aura but and people who have oral they'll notice it oh i had an aura but it's not gone and other people with migraine they might not notice anything they may have a program instead it doesn't mean they don't have the same thing they have the same thing it just doesn't have a visualization part to it perhaps because this cortical spreading depression starts in a different part of the brain it may be heading in a different direction and it's not hitting the occipital cortex exactly in the same direction as if it came from the eye i don't know where it actually starts and i couldn't even tell you if it starts all the time in the same place i'm suspecting it doesn't because if i can sometimes have aura migraine and sometimes not have our migraine that means that the direction is changing and so there's no fixed point of start so let me unwind all of this because i went sideways into the kids i was really interested in that but i'm going to ask you the same question from two different perspectives and the question is simply what is a migraine and the uh the response i'm looking for is one is how do we just what is the descriptive of what is a migraine and what is not what's a cluster headache what's other forms of headaches so how do we describe migraine as the first answer to that and the second part to what is a migraine is what is the biochemistry what is the pathophysiology of a micron at a chemical reactive from a chemical reactive part and i know that's where your knowledge base is but if you can just from a lay person's perspective okay sure i've just landed here from mars this this is what encompasses the broad category of migraines knowing that it is diverse but where are the boundaries and then the biochemistry okay so very good so the boundaries and this is very important because this is where all the confusion lies the brain is two completely different hemispheres and they function completely differently if i have a migraine and i explained earlier i may lose my speech which is on the left side i may lose half my body that will be on the uh different place it tells me that a pain associated with the migraine can't possibly be on both sides of my head right i mean if i'm just going for whatever reason my brain in one area is going down and i have symptoms on that one side then i shouldn't have the headache in more than one side is that two is just one side so by definition this is my first question where is your head hurting because if it is on the forehead which is both sides or the top or behind both eyes or if it's in the back of the head um or the whole head or it's moving that's not a migraine migraine will be one side and it's going to be like somebody just hit you with a hammer and it's still in your head and it's going to be there for days so another question then is okay so if the hammer is in the head and it's just there then that's not throbbing it's not a throbbing headache either it can't have any pulse it's not associated with blood pressure or the flow it's not a vascular kind of a problem and so already two things we've excluded which are very common we suggested that migraine can be anywhere just a big headache or that is a throbbing headache it's neither in fact a a real migraineer bending forward head down meaning positional changes will not affect the intensity of the headache because that's opposite to what a lot of the literature says exactly it's very much the opposite and that's probably because by the time i used to go to the emergency with lots of migraines i mean there wouldn't be a week without an emergency visit it was ridiculous but by the time you get to the point of having such a bad pain that you can't control it at that point your whole body hurts you have no idea what it's hurting and at that point it appears like you're hurting everywhere that you aren't hurting everywhere you're just the initial point is that you're hurting but it's just like if you break your arm here it doesn't mean it can't hurt here also right you can be hurting and it just doesn't mean that that we know that the breakage is here it's not here or it's not here but yet you can you're hurting in your whole arm but the initial pain is here so when you have an initial pain that starts on the top of your head that's not going to be or if an initial headache that starts on the forehead there could be for example most migrants will have a moving pain so for example if i'm coming down with a bug it's going to affect my electrolytes and i'm going to get a warning pain which is going to be on my opposite side one spot one place and then as my body is fighting the bug depending upon how successful it was fighting it whether it will become a migraine or not meaning if i disrupted my electrolyte tremendously and move to the other side so i'm awake from i may go to bed with the pain here and break with the pain here and then i come down with the migraine so it can change but it doesn't ever hurt on both sides at the same time but it's not a problem because that's what you know typically it's been described as a let me just see what my notes over here say is that it is that throbbing pain yes one side but but a lot of what you've said disputes some of the conventional descriptions of this so let me get back to this rubbing because remember as i said earlier that it connects to the primitive brain and so the primitive brain will activate the fight or flight and the fight or flight will change the blood flow so once a person is deeply into migraine for several hours it may feel like throbbing because by then the blood flow and everything is changed and activated i mean the body is in a panic mode and so at that time it may feel throbbing but the initiating pain is not a throbbing pain so if i sit here i'm talking to you and if i come down with the migraine first of all i will have pro drums which proceeded so i don't know i'm going to come down with something i just don't know what those but the pain is going to sort of kind of start in one spot and it's just going to stay there and it won't move it may intensify very slowly it's not going to go like like a thunderclap headache which is a sudden onset of headache it's not going to be like that it sort of kind of builds up to a maximum within about a day if it's going to last for more than a day let me stop you for a second because you've used a word consistently that i want to question it's the word pain my understanding is that the brain itself does not have pain receptors but the meninges the membranes around the brain have pain receptors so when you're using the word pain um it it is i again this is beyond my understanding of the brain i'm not a neuroscientist by any means but my rudimentary understanding is the brain does not have pain sensation so when you're perceiving pain what are the receptors what do you mean by pain okay so there are no receptors in the veins so brain surgery is not without anesthetics for that reason the sensory organs are on the meninges on the dura between the brain and the skull is a thin tissue that separates so that the brain is actually not touching anything under normal circumstances and so these are called nociceptors and so these nazi scepters are the ones that are targeted by some of the latest medications like cgrp inhibitors and so forth they're the pain sensory organs so if i have a pain here it doesn't tell me where in my brain i have a problem it just tells me that the signal that i received is at that spot and it seemed that for most wagoners the spot seems to be the same all the time so it's almost as if one particular pain sensor was assigned for this kind of a pain this is just hypothesis i wouldn't know but it almost seems that way because i never ever get a migraine kind of pain anywhere else on my head is always on the exact same spot without exception so so it seems like the actual brain site correlates more with because the brain as you've described so often is that there are regions that govern certain things speech uh vision uh abdominal discomfort so that the part of the brain that's been regionally mapped is more accurate to look for the locus of the brain than where you actually sense the pain on the surface exactly just be a low point where pain is more readily the exact concept of pain in the membranes but exactly let me take it yeah okay just a sample step further is that you may have the pain anywhere on one side but it's the symptoms that's going to tell you where in the brain actually the problem occurs right so the fact that you've got pain suggests that this could be a migraine but really that what what defines the migraine is actually a brain issue and we'll talk about the biochemistry of that in a second but that is typically related to the position on the brain where that governs a certain response if that's exactly some function that's why so it's the association with oral functionality is such an important part and that's why it can be motor it can be sensory uh there's a variety of and autonomic i guess is um because i wrote ans i wrote uh autonomic nervous systems so that's interesting so it depends on where that locus is um in terms of the palpation of pain is that related to vascular swelling or or what type of irritation is is the meningeal irritation happening because that must be different than the source of the ionic changes in the brain itself it's connected to it and that's because the ionic channels themselves their job obviously is to modulate in this case the sodium potassium atps channel and sodium channel and the potassium channels and the calcium channels these are the ones that we are talking about that are uh modified in terms of genetics uh in the brain for a migraineer and so we don't know whether this means that they use sodium or potassium differently whether they allow them in less or more but we know they're modified so they're not going to react the same way as a person who doesn't have one at this particular problem and what that actually means that if i change the osmolarity of um my electrolyte let me stop you for a second is this specific in the gray matter neurons is that what is that the cell we're talking about it's right it's it's actually the area that we are talking about is very specifically in the notes of remya so when you're looking at a neuron so let me explain for the for the viewers that we don't know so uh when we're looking at the cell like on our skin typically seen as a kind of roundish flange objects that's not what a neuron looks like so a neuron would look like small or long they have very long neurons that go from our lower back to the legs but we also have small ones but they have this um they have a head with dendrites little arms like hairs like think of einstein with the hair standing up and then there's a long body part which is called the axon and that part is the main part of the neuron that we are not going to talk about and then of course on the bottom there are the boutons of feet which then uh release the neurotransmitter rc and their peptide packets in the area the axon is the one that carries the voltage and the gray matter itself is the brain cell and the white matter that is surrounded is the myelination and that that's made from fat and cholesterol but it looks like a bunch of little sausages so think of it if i have a neuron that is say that it's this long the exon is this wrong and say i have five areas where it's myelinated but the myelin is basically insulation so think of like a cord and every electrical cord that is insulated but in five places then maybe the insulation is cut so in five places the copper wire is visible to me if i'm looking at the neuron that's what it looks like and the areas where there's no insulation that is the area where all the pores are around the neuron where the sodium potassium calcium magnesium glucose whatever goes into the cells those are the places where it can go in because it can't cross the myelin which is quite thick it's much thicker than the neuron itself in diameter several times thicker and so the myelin's job is to help maintain the electricity as it as a voltage is going through the cell because this is an organic voltage that is being generated and so we think of voltage like plugging in something in the wall and kaboom we have light or tv or whatever but in the brain the exact same thing is being recreated from point to point to point to point so at every single place where there is no insulation the sodium will enter the cell and action potential will start but it has to move to the next area and so it's it's in a rhythm it's it's referred to the spike uh train because it's like spike spikes back but of course in milliseconds so we're talking about very quick activity here but the electricity is generated here at the bottom electricity is electrons but this is a chemical it's a chemical but it's an electron right it's it's the same idea it's just done with uh electrical differences we're using electrical terminology to just to make it uh more comfortable to understand i've had to understand that is basically it's a charge moving through um and that creates a current uh which is voltage and so but it's the electricity that carries the voltage all the way through and so we always see this light moving through very quickly uh if you're looking at diagrams but it's not like it's moving through this quickly at every single it's not only from node to node to node it's jumping from it doesn't actually exit the cell i mean it has to be fit it's on the inside and so this is referred to the spike train that this jumping movement but we forget that this is electricity doesn't just jump it's it has to be continued and picked up at the next spot and recreate it so even if you're looking at the electrical cord it's like one electron hits another one and that is another one right so it goes that way and so the electrical point the points at which the voltage is created even in an inorganic system is from point to point it's just a very tiny we're talking about atomic subatomic level the same thing in the brain at uh ionic level which is uh either a molecular molecule an atom with an electrical charge so we're talking about sodium entering the cell here creating a voltage uh potential and then the next sodium channel also gets the sodium in continues that voltage potential and so on all the way through the cells now imagine the same neuron what if in one area you don't have enough sodium the whole thing just stopped and so what we do know is that action potential is an all or nothing so what that means is that it either happens or it doesn't happen it can happen in such a way that it started but then it fails so it never actually occurs it never happens because it dies off before it happens if i remember correctly there's always a threshold there's a threshold and i think 70 minus 70 millivort is the standard and then it jumps to plus 30 or 40 and then then it falls down to like minus 100 is the minimum i don't know i don't know 1981 so but i remember some of that from way back i'm looking at the drawing in my brain and i'm talking to you essentials and yeah we studying put the scientists together and the world comes to know but so yes so um if you're looking at it this way if you're looking at it it's chemistry but it's also a lot of physics obviously it's pure electricity regardless who's making it and how it is made it's pure voltage if you're looking at it this way if i suddenly lose any part that is responsible for generating this particular voltage then it stops it's unable to continue if it's unable to continue that neuron just stopped working it doesn't have enough power to generate voltage it can't send messages because basically the focus and the reason why it is generated is to send the neurotransmitter as a packet of message to the next neurotransmitters that are connected to to it and who can pick it up if they want to they don't have to but they can't but if this neurotransmitter just suddenly stopped working then it doesn't send signals the other neurons around it is expect they're expecting some kind of a message and suddenly there's no message so they also can't transfer that message and so there's going to be a void and and that is avoiding function of the brain and so we know that if a cell a neuron stops communicating that neuron is going to be trimmed that's going to be a degenerative activity of it in the brain so the brain to look at this as something is not right i am sick at that part because that part is now has some sort of a boo-boo some damage to it and we got to fix it and so the entire process through uh the white matter and the gray matter that it occurs in the gray matter but between the white matter so you can't really specifically separate it but if it happens a lot and it happens so very often then it damages the white matter as well because the white matter needs to be replenished continuously and that requires a whole lot of nutrients and functions to happen and the real cells create the myelin around the uh the neuron that also isn't going to happen second just for the myelin sheath uh which is the oligodendrocytes in the brain is made of fat it's made of fat and and some cholesterol right clear fat and cholesterol so those are and those can be made internally in the brain but they have to be provided by substrates they have to be provided by subject but also the thing that then converts them into myelin has to also be working and there have to be a message from the the neuron that i need my alienation here it's not just happening randomly wherever uh the brain wants to create my line it has to be very specific around certain kind of parts of the neuron and so if the neuron is not working then it's not instructing that from happening as well and so i get told we're talking about two separate things that i lim i'm just wrapping my head around this we're talking about ion channels in that little gap in the myelin sheath but then we're also talking about the insulation effect of the moieties themselves right here in migraines is this an electro is this an ionic problem or is it a lipid problem it's an ionic problem but it ends up becoming a lipid problem because when you look at the mris for example of migraineers or sometimes even on a ct scan it may be able to see but on the mri it's very clearly visible that many of them have white lead areas on the myelin some damage and it's very typical for migraines to have these leisure lesions on the white matter so let's bring this together i because you've mentioned two seemingly separate things but in my head and in my background i would suspect that we're gonna have a communal answer because i don't like answers that are disparate i like it needing to be tied together so okay so migraines are an iron influx problem and you're saying the iodine the the ion that we're dealing with is sodium it's a proton uh and so what is the problem with sodium is it a lack of salt in the brain um is it the salt is not flowing through the channel and there's always salt there's always two parts to this it's a sodium potassium channel or a glucose sodium channel what is the other what is the opposite side of this and what is the exchange typically do we know okay so we have a ton of things that you just uh unleashed so one of them is is that the migraine brain is anatomically different to start with and not just by the ionic channels but by the sensory neurons because if you compare a non-migrant and a migraine in terms of their sensory neurons you're going to find that in a migraine brain lots of little juice on this by the way in the migraine brain the sensory neurons associated with the nose the eyes ears mouths touch have a lot more connections to each other than in a brain of a non-migrant so that particular for a migrant looking at a light is going to see a different light from a non-migrant it's going to see it more intense so it's using a lot more neuronal energy when just by simply being it has a lot more sensory organs working so we can smell things that we are like the dogs of the human world i mean we smell i smell type of diabetes cancer you name it i smell it gas leaks famous how many migraineers have sent the gas department and what to measure because nobody's not but they did we hear amazing sounds we just have amazing pitiful vision i have glasses and i've done sibo but boy you can't pass me in my periphery of flight without me discussing hypersensitivity hypersensitive brain it's a different brain and so it needs much more sodium so by you looking at the same light as i do i use a lot more sodium than you do and so there's a study from 1951 that points to migraineers excreting in their urine 50 more sodium and so this hints at a much higher volume of sodium use and in fact i had one of my magnets in the migraine group having a urine test and i asked her to also test sodium protein and other things because we had some issues to look at she had her sodium was 50 higher in the blood i'm sorry in the urine than the expected maximum range and so we have a different brain we use a different amount of sodium so what is defined as eating for example a meal with the proper amount of sodium or salt in this case is not sufficient for a migraine brain it isn't sodium has to be supplied from the diet it's not something that's stored internally because you know it's very important in terms of blood volume and blood pressure intravascularly system manages the hygroscopic nature of blood vessels is that what you talked about or is this uh sodium outside of the blood vascular system okay it's both because we're talking about migraines also being salt wasters so they tend to excrete the sodium rather than recycle it so um their entire kidney system functions differently as a result of the need for the excess sodium because our brain may need extra sodium but the rest of our body does not and so in fact most micronutrients have variable blood pressures i don't know if you know that okay and so clearly yeah because the literature again says that they have high blood pressure but they don't when they have pain they do but if they don't then they actually have low blood pressures and 90 over 60 is very common in our group and mine is about 100 over 60 usually it can change based on how your kidneys and the rest of the body operates with what you have to do in the brain and so when we are talking about sodium intake if you take the sodium with food it is going to be absorbed more through the intestines than through the electrolytes and actually the goal for us to be absorbed into the electrolytes so my migraineers and i myself take salt with our water because we want to directly increase the blood volume and to um now you asked the question some time ago which i didn't respond to for whatever reason we sort of derailed and that was uh what specifically did the pathophysiology of of the migraine within the brain at the ionic channels so if you don't have enough sodium then by definition we releasing a lot of water from the cells that's just by osmolarity uh pressure that will change and so there is going to be a little bit of a swelling at a certain area of the brain because it's water can come in and go out without any control of the sodium holding it and so most micro nerves will for example end up with edema that's a very very happy for a second there just will explain that sodium regulates blood volume or sodium regulates volume in other words thirst is not a hydration a water problem it's a salt problem it's a salt treatment and i think that a lot of people don't make that connection is that sodium regulates water not water regulating sodium exactly and that's a very big problem too because when you're told to drink a lot of sodium or drink a lot of water and you're causing a bigger problem so uh i often time uh tell people we'll have a little bit of salt and maybe not even water at all if i feel thirsty i will not drink water i will have salt first to see if that's all my problem because and here we tied to the nutrition as well and also the metabolic health because another very often forgotten principle is that when glucose enters the cells it has to displace both water and sodium it has no other way that was a question i was getting to when i asked about potassium and sodium channels and glucose channels is they are competitive with each other they're all protons well glucose is not but the others are protons how does that how does hyperglycemia affect sodium levels at that brain level right so well we know that we have two kinds of glucose transport systems so we have the insulin which uses only only glut4 receptor uses um insulin and the brain doesn't really have a lot of blood flow receptors no only certain parts do any the brain actually doesn't even use insulin if i believe the insulin is all it came across the blood-brain barrier but it's very reasonable right it's very very seldom so the brain actually uses ability boot one to cross the broadband bearing and group three inside the brain and these are sodium transporters so what that actually means is that these are active transports but they're active in a special way so i would call this a secondary active transport because the sodium comes out of the cell the definition of sodium will be coming out of the cell and it opens the gate to have sodium come out and with that energy glucose can go in but glucose is six molecules of water as well and so there has to be a replacement of water so when the glucose enters water and sodium will exit and so if water and sodium exits and they go into an interstitial space which is outside of the cell and often times water then in this case it's free water it's not connected to the electrolyte because it's squeezed out without it then it's going to go outside of the interstitial space to neverland collecting its edema and so that's going to be a problem and it dilutes the sodium as well it dilutes the sodium so we now have less sodium than what we need and it will cause an imbalance between the the osmosis between inside and outside of the cell and of course being that potassium and sodium at the same charge positive both of them are positive they will repel each other and so they they had in different directions and the inside of the cell all should have a lot more potassium inside than the outside and the the sodium should be only on the outside rather than on the inside but the electricity is driven by the exchange of these two and there's going to be an imbalance left at the end so the extra sodium can exit the cell but let me just clarify something here for a second the sodium glucose channel uh the glut1 threes are related to energy provision or substrate provision to the cell where that's an important channel to get sugar into these cells and both into the neuron which can use both ketones and sugar as a fuel source but the oligodendrocytes and the schwann cells can only use sugar they're glucose obligates or lactic right right they don't use ketones they don't use fat energy substrate so they need this continuous inflow of energy because they're using energy all the time and that's one sodium glucose pathway then the other one is a sodium potassium exchange which has a different purpose both treated by sodium but the water dynamics make a big difference as well and then glucose gets phosphorylated inside the cell and can't leave so exactly okay right and also the protein i mean the cell inside is really dense it's a lot of it's fill it's full so whenever something goes in it has to take something out it can't just go in it's not like there's free space in the sound by definition anything that enters the cell will cause some kind of a chaos uh somehow something has to come out and it could be under an orderly organized fashion or it could be under a completely disorganized fashion one of the comments let me just stop there for a second because yes what goes in has to be balanced what goes out however if i remember correctly the sodium glucose channel is energy driven in other words it can work up gradient whereas passive diffusion is always down gradient so you can have that slight mismatch um in terms of volume especially because of the gradient that it has to be it's an active transport and so we have primary and secondary transport systems and the sodium transport is a secondary meaning that the the system some of the sodium transports are actually primary so when we're looking at the sodium potassium atpase channel which is primarily to re-establish the membrane potential for the cell so that it's not about to set up an electricity on that in that spot so it's in refractory mode that is going to be a primary channel but all the others may be secondary in that they will use the stored atp that is created by this particular motion of the primary one it's going to create a motion and that electricity that energy that is that atp that's released not electricity but atp that release can be used by this other transport system to get in or get out of well that's i i mean yeah it's so simple to understand but it's so complex it's very complex yeah but uh but it i mean the beauty about the human body is it works the same everywhere it's not like this is a specific thing to the brain all cells function in the same way it just has unique properties at different cellular levels but the human body is fascinating in that it uses the same process everywhere and you just got to understand how those things function work so okay so we've got a lot of information about the sodium potassium channels so how does what happens in okay so in migraines when there is not enough sodium in this one particular place or sometimes it's not enough potassium by the way because they both help the action potential and the resting potential would be uh by the potassium so if one of these two is not in the right way let me just stop you for one second my again i'm thinking back 20 30 years to my science is that uh my number the percentage i have and i may be slightly off is that about 96 of potassium is intracellular and about four percent is extracellular and it's the opposite for sodium exactly so there's always going to be an abundance of potassium that's locally available because it's inside the cell the sodium is less likely to be always present because it is connected to the bloodstream where it can move away as well totally totally correct uh and they have to also consider that sodium potassium have different sizes and so they're different amount in in terms of numbers in the human body but as far as weight is concerned they weigh about the same because they have to come and go approximately equal so when you're referring to sodium being out and potassium being in for example the sodium potassium atps channel that i refer to which is a very active channel it will have room for three sodium atoms and there or ions and they will have room for two potassium ions and they work such as so as the sodium exits the potassium enters but the potassium has to enter so if there is not enough potassium in the extracellular place coming in from your diet or recycled by your kidneys or from any other place then you may also run short of potassium and this would be quite critical when for example there may be some edema say you have no not enough sodium and you have a lot of water coming out of the cell causing edema and you have a lot more potassium in the cell but it can't come out because simply there isn't enough sodium to replace because all of these are electrically charged so you can't have just potassium come out there there can be potassium exchange yeah it has to be an exchange and so if you don't have enough sodium that also retards the amount of potassium and so whichever you end up having a little bit more deficiency is going to be the problem so in terms of migraine on a day to so to speak of how to prevent or stop a migraine is that one has to evaluate what exactly do i need not do i need more sodium or do i need more potassium because it's not necessarily both it's usually not both you either need more sodium or more potassium and you need to understand from the signs the symptoms that you're getting which one your body will right now need more and so the trick is that with potassium it takes a long time for the potassium that you eat to get into the system because we don't take it by supplement because that just gets into the blood very it's the wrong place it can't get out of the blood um better sodium we can take as a supplement it gets into the blood which is where it should be and so we need to prepare appropriately so for example i will ask everybody to eat a very high potassium diet balanced at best one to one with sodium in the food itself but when they drink water drink it always just with salt never with potassium and that way unless of course they have potassium need extra then drink coconut water which is a great potassium source without it being fixed potassium and then it absorbs differently and it resets the balance really quickly and we can we have a way to evaluate which one we actually need because for example i can put a little bit of salt under my tongue and just close my mouth and just allow the salt to sort of melt and absorb it will absorb right away it's an ion so it will go straight into the place and if my migraine is reduced bingo i need to take more salt if it gets worse bingo i need potassium it's really the interesting conundrum also is that salt my understanding again is that sodium has to be provided by external sources we have to consume the sodium but ph because most of your potassium is intracellular small fluctuations in ph will also cause a change to your your extracellular potassium concentration and and certainly the ph shifts that we see in diabetics and that kind of thing um profoundly affect potassium more so than sodium potassium is more ph sensitive and there's an ion exchange in that regard in the vascular space again i'm i'm looking to rudimentary basic principles with with regards to iron exchange but that is why the sodium is probably a more a first step to correct rather than potassium if that makes sense i totally agree and i would say that about 85 90 of the time it's going to be a sodium except for females some females during the menstrual cycle will go through a period where they may need more potassium so they will go through what's called a chlorite surge this was a couple of articles that came out with the chloride surge and don't claim to fully understand the system but they have some of these migrants who had i don't have a period anymore so i couldn't experiment but they experimented that if they massively increased potassium a couple of days prior to the start of the period those who had this particular symptom which meant for example massive weight grain overnight like they would be yesterday morning they would be 130 pounds and today there would be 133 pounds the only explanation for that is it's edema so it's a retained edema so that means that for whatever reason an imbalance occurred such that the edema has to be somehow collected back in and disposed of and so depending on the time it's occurring here in a much more microscopic way well that would be a localized edema versus a system right and so we distinguish between the two so if it's a localized such as in the brain or sometimes for example we would get very swollen fingers or totally parallel symmetrically swollen ankles so it's not a heart issue but we know it's a an edema issue that is going to be just sodium to add salt and no water whatsoever and it's just going to suck the water back into the bloods and we can then eliminate through the urine but with potassium it's different so potassium is a systemic it's all over the body and it's not visible you don't see the swelling anywhere but you gain three pounds overnight for no reason that would be the retaining of the water systemically and that requires potassium i don't have a full explanation of the pathophysiology for this because i would have thought that this to require sodium but apparently it doesn't well the other thing also that again i'm not this is not my expertise at all but there's also there's got to be at that time of the month for females there's a steroid hormone change and part of this is adrenal cortex and adrenal medulla aldosterone that type of change which governs potassium levels as well so it may be a steroid hormone cause rather than you know it's driven by by a change in hormonal millions right it definitely is right it definitely is i just don't have the full explanation for it i just know that this chloride surge happens and that then causes a more need for potassium so these particular people these women will stop all sodium but they will sell their food one to one but they won't put salt into their water sometimes they even cut back on the water and they increase their potassium just for the period um and then once they regain their weight back to normal they go return to normal and so so there are two phenomena and i just i just want to stop you for here for a second because a lot of people are listening and they'll they'll be saying well okay i've got to add a lot of salt but doesn't that cause other problems for my body and i think one of the the key principles that i like to explain to people in normal glycemia assuming your blood sugar is relatively normal the human body has an extraordinary capacity to handle an excess of salt and the three areas that we lose salt is colon kidneys and sweat we really struggle with hyponatremia we don't handle low salt very well we have to do ion exchanges with magnesium potassium calcium the human body has a very poor mechanism of handling high blood sugar but it has an extraordinary good way of tolerating lower blood sugar by manufacture of sugar so i always juxtapose those too it's not directly related to migraines at least not i've got a little explanation to that as well but i i don't think that anyone should ever fear eating too much salt because the body can get rid of it very well it's the lack of salt and certainly in the migraneers that is a concern is the at the lack of salt but i think supplying it on a steady basis is better than just you know every now and then and i would like to just add amend what you just said about the excess salt is that a lot of people say well only if you have healthy kidneys but then what i find is that the kidneys start improving it's really fascinating because um some time ago i needed a medication which just nearly took my kidneys down to the drain i was down to 45 in my egfr and so they said okay so you will be on kidney dialysis within a couple of whatever and here i am today with egfr close to 80. and every time i go to the doctor say how did you do that because it's just unknown to improve the kidneys but it improves from the salt right because it doesn't need to do all that extra heavy work of recycling the salt all the time it can just finally get rid of all that salt and clear itself and so it actually benefits the kidneys so i just wanted to say for everyone who's scared of eating salt it actually improves the kidneys it improves the blood pressure it improves everything but all taken in context now now let me just add something else is to tell me if i'm wrong but it sounds like some of the sodium uh loss diuretics the hydrochlorothiazide and lasiks and those kind of things are terrible for migraineers oh they would be and they can't even take it i mean they have some they have actually some forms in the group that they have to read and sign if they take some of those medications because some of them may even actually interfere because if they block renal um reabsorption of so or excretion of sodium or the absorption often time is also blocked that can cause quite a bit of a stone potassium levels as well so i think that was one of the most disruptive medications and yet they are a first-line treatment for hypertension which is i always try to get my patients off diuretics when we're talking about a ketogenic way of eating

  Top Comments:
  1. @lyndarobbins66 [6 likes]: I can also smell when someone has diabetes.   Others look at me like I'm weird when I tell them that I can smell it.  It's similar to the smell of death, just not as strong.  I can also smell cancer.  Weird I know.
  2. @jocelynsass [6 likes]: I loved this! I can't wait to listen to Part 2. Dr. Angela Stanton has literally given me my life back after 35 years of debilitating migraines, which increased with peri menopause exactly as Dr. Stanton described hers. I progressed to 15 to 20 migraines a month, with many residual days of  just feeling awful. I have been migraine free for 3 years now, with an occasional 'mini migraine from barometric pressure fluctuations.  I continue to improve my health on a daily basis. My health improvements are actually palpable, ie sleep, mood, resolution of insulin resistance and increased brain health etc! Thank you Dr. Stanton for all of your incredible work and devotion! Actually my whole family thanks you! ❤❤❤
  3. @naelna [5 likes]: If it's not pain on one side it's not a migraine? I certainly had many migranes. Not on one side. All my head hurts like hell. So I disgaree with that statement.
  4. @ORCHIDLOVER2156 [3 likes]: Amazing  presentation.  I never had many headaches in my life, but this was very interesting. My daughter suffers with them daily.
  5. @williamdennis1537 [3 likes]: I don’t recall when my migraine auras started, but I have periods when I forget all about them.  Some of them can be quite unusual, but all of them initially present with something I’d describe as  “heatwaves” radiating from a road effect making a disturbance  within my visual field, and when I close my eyes, it’s still there indicating it’s in my head rather than in front of me.  As the aura developers, apparently my brain’s ability to accurately interpret what I’m seeing becomes impaired for a few minutes including occasional hallucinogenic weirdness in some cases.  I’ve recently experienced some night auras which I confess to be disturbing, and interestingly enough. they’re on black backgrounds.  Oh well, these are only short lived experiences, but the good news is, — a migraine headache doesn’t follow.  I’ll give the salt a try…
  6. @eliabelle4892 [2 likes]: It was enlightening to understand that those who have migraines are low in sodium. Could sodium also be useful in the case of increased sensitivity to noise and light?
  7. @patkelly2046 [2 likes]: Two passionate , fantastic humans who are helping the world heal. Inspiring and informative interview. Thanks to you both for sharing such important information.
  8. @silencenhikes6692 [1 likes]: Is this part 1? Because it cut out at the end.
  9. @makhomoovervoorde8988 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for the work you do Dr's. I have had migraines for as long as I can remember, from age 7 or 8 😢. The low carb, no gluten and adding salt has done wonders for me, at 38 I only get them but not as bad. And most times now just the aura, hardly pain. My vision is is still so bad though(kaleidoscope)
  10. @mendyctruth7303 [1 likes]: This man needs to stop interrupting, but I am grateful to have heard this discussion and appreciate that they both made this happen.
  11. @patrickg2537 [1 likes]: First time  n 30 years Ive heard actual explanations
  12. @princesscarlet1: Where is the link to the next part?
  13. @phoenix1713v: It was so fascinating to listen two scientists, discussing so important topic as a migrain. I'm a migrainer and a partisipant of Angela's working FB group and I do have leasures on my brain according to MRI. Now I totally understend the reason and tge whole picture of why they are there. Thank you for so important and deep topic, guys🙏
  14. @phoenix1713v: Dr Angela Stanton is the smartest woman, her protocol is outstanding!
  15. @TheKingdomWeigh: Very interesting on migraines. I have hemi-crania continua. Of course my question is what’s the solution? I am almost 4 years Carnivore and it has definitely improved but never left entirely and it worsens with certain foods/drinks
  16. @rawmilkmike: 56:00
  17. @rawmilkmike: Always genetic? More like, never genetic. And evolution? Jesus Christ!!!
  18. @kurtbecker3827: some criticism... applies to many people who provides youtube videos.
We do not watch your video because we have too much time on our hands, or because we love you so very much. We watch these videos, because we want to learn something about the issue.
Instead we have to sit through an hour of.... skip the introduction, put it into description. Then come to the point, we do not care about YOUR story, we are living it ourselves. Cut these videos to the bare bones and more people actually will watch it. We are 6 minutes into the video and I have to stop watching. I have a life as well.
  19. @thalesnemo2841: Just read through the transcript, I see absolutely nothing actionable in her ramblings! 

For a person with multiple degrees she never gets to the point ! 

Either she does not know or is saving the juicy bits to make money .
  20. @susanfiori2567: Great information, however the continual interruption of Dr Stanton when she was on a flow was really frustrating and made you podcast very disjointed. An interviewer needs to ask questions and be informed of course, but this was very overbearing.

- Thinking About Keto for Migraine? 3 Critical Things Most People Overlook: Kind: captions Language: en Everybody seems to be talking about keto for migraine these days. So, I want to give you three important pieces of information so that you can make the best decision for yourself about whether or not this is a piece of your recovery plan. So, Dr. Josh Turknet wrote a great book about keto for migraine, outlined how he recommends that people use it and the kind of results he is seeing. Dr. Alina Gross created a uh ketone supplement for people with migraines called Brain Ritual. And so these have created a lot of uh talk about what this energy production type of headache is, this metabolic migraine, who are the people who really benefit from keto and how do you do it safely? So those are some of the things that I'd like to explain to you. Question number one, does keto actually work? And yes, it does. It can be a piece of a recovery plan for you if you have a certain type of migraine. Here's a study that was published in 2023, the ME keto EMI keto trial. Basically, what they did is they divided people with a high BMI above 27 who needed to lose weight anyway into two different types of diets. either kind of a regular diet or a ketogenic diet. All right? And then they compared how the two different groups did. Now, these people were having 10 to 15 headache days a month at baseline and 1 month after starting keto, their headaches had dropped by about five headache days per month. So, they dropped down to having maybe 5 to 10 headache days per month instead. So I mean it's not a cure but it can be an important piece of your recovery plan if you are one of the people who has that type of migraine to where you are likely to benefit from it. So that brings us to our second point. How do you know if you are one of the people who could benefit from keto? Cuz it's not easy, right? [laughter] [gasps] Like low carb is not all that much fun. >> [laughter] >> So, if you're going to do all this work, how do you make an intelligent decision about whether or not this is likely to work for you? How long do you give it? How keto do you need to be? And so, I think there's some useful guidelines to help us make these decisions. So, if you have the energy production type of headache, which of course you can find out by going to the headachequiz.com, if you have that type of headache, then you are more likely to benefit from keto. And here's why. So, we've known for maybe 20 years that some people with migraine have suboptimal versions of a gene called SOD2. What does that have to do with anything? All right, here's how I want you to think of your cells. Your cells have an engine inside. Makes the energy, makes the cell go, right? for that fuel source. Your brain can either use glucose and I want you to think of that as being like a regular gas burning car, okay? Makes a lot of exhaust. You can flood the engine. There all these things that can happen with that, right? And then compare that to using ketones as an energy source, which are a lot cleaner. You don't flood the engine. You don't really make exhaust even. So, it's a much cleaner fuel source. Now, here's the key thing for the people who have suboptimal versions of this SOD2 gene. The what that gene does is it cleans up exhaust. Okay. So, does it make sense now? Like if you have problems clearing out that exhaust, you're not going to do as well on this glucose fuel source. Glucose is just carbs. right now. If you h if you don't if you have a great version of this gene, it's not going to matter that much for you. Your body's cleaning up all that exhaust. Like, not a problem. Like, you passed your emissions test, right? I mean, you know, so for some people, keto is not going to make much of a difference. But for people who have that a suboptimal version of that gene, keto is going to have a much bigger impact for them, right? Okay. So, you can of course have your genes tested. That's one way to answer this question. Um, but if you don't know, just keep that in mind that there are subsets of people who are going to respond better and subsets who don't. And you can identify that by going to the headachequiz.com. Figure out if you have that energy production type. And if you do, you are more likely to get better with keto. Now, problem number three, how to do keto. And now here's where I differ from some of the other thought leaders in this area. And a lot of people who do keto end up eating a lot of saturated fat. This is not a good idea for those of us with migraine. Did you ever get an MRI scan of your brain and your doctor told you you had white spots, white matter lesions, microvascular eskeeia? People can call it a lot of different things. You know what that is? Itty bitty clogged arteries. You know what's saturated fat does clog them more. So, it is not a good idea for us with our particular types of vascular genes that we have to be eating a lot of saturated fat. You just can't do it. So, there was a super welldone article about this. Let me show you the data. All right. This article was published in 2024. This is an amazing study. They followed half a million people for upwards of 25 years. Really, really well done study. And they found that you can cut your risk of dying of a heart attack by 25% in this super simple and easy way. And you know what? It was replacing animal sources of fat with plant-based sources of fat. All right. Right now, I want to explain to you how easy this is. All you had to do was replace 5% of your total calories. So, that's like maybe 100 calories a day. And that's all you had to do to cut your risk of dying of vascular diseases like heart attack, stroke, that kind of thing by 25%. Okay, guys, this is so easy to do. This is as simple as cook your eggs in olive oil instead of butter. Like, who cares? They taste great both ways, right? Super easy change to make. Some changes might be a little harder. Instead of having cheese and crackers, have chips and guacamole, have vegetables and hummus. Like, it's so easy to swap out just 100 calories a day with something from plan A to plan B. You can switch from highfat lo yogurt to low-fat yogurt. I mean, this is really easy to do to make such a subtle change in the composition of what you're eating and have such a dramatic impact on your health. So, I want to make it crystal clear to everybody out there that this advice like eat all the bacon and sausage and cheese that you want when you go keto, that is not true if you have migraine. Maybe it's true for some people who have absolutely phenomenal saturated fat processing genes, but for most of us, it's not the case. So, I want to be sure if you do decide to go keto that you're going to do it safely. Now, it is true that you can have plenty of other kinds of fat sources, you know, guacamole, you can have lots of olive oil, you can have lots of nuts. There are plenty of ways to make sure you stay full. Um, you know, we don't we don't want you going hungry. That thing about not getting hungry with the migraine brain, that that's real. That's real. We don't want that. We want your brain to have plenty of fuel. When your brain doesn't have that fuel, it will absolutely generate the first step in migraine, which is cortical spreading depression. And I almost consider this, you guys. Here's my visual what I'm thinking in my brain when I think of cortical spreading depression. It's like an ice cream cone melting. Okay? If your neuron is an ice cream cone, just fresh out of the case, you know, nice scoop, they have to stay that way. They expend a lot of energy staying cold. Keep they don't really stay cold. Okay, this is just an analogy, but they they expend a lot of energy to stay in that state. Okay, they're pumping a lot of ions is really what's happening. And then um but when that ice cream cone starts to melt, that's how I envision a neuron that's about to go into cortical spreading depression and trigger a migraine. So maybe that analogy helps for you too, that kind of visual image. So you want your neurons to have all the energy they need to be pumping those ions to be like the ice cream cold that's super cold so that they can do their job and keep your brain healthy. And then the last question people often have about ketosis is, does it make any sense to take extra ketones if you're not going to go keto? And I'm going to say no. I know that other people disagree with this, but here's why I say that. There's a little bit of a switch that happens in your body metabolically. If your brain cells are running on glucose, you know, the kind of the dirty fuel versus ketones, kind of that clean fuel, it's kind of an eitheror. It doesn't really do both at the same time. So, to me, it doesn't make any sense to be burning carbs, you know, having oatmeal for breakfast or something like that, and then take a bunch of ketones. I think your body's going to kind of go, "What?" Like, I think it's better to do it the way nature intended, which is either we have carbs now or we don't. I mean, cavemen didn't have a lot of carbs, right? This is how we evolved is actually eating a pretty low carb diet. So, in my opinion, it does not make a lot of sense to take extra ketones unless you're going to go keto. And if you are, fantastic. Then take those extra ketones, get more out of what you're already doing. Like, absolutely. In that case, then I think it does make a lot of sense because your body's already over here in EV mode. you're just you're like going to the supercharger in that circumstance, right? You're doing extra ketones. You know, you're fueling that car really fast, really strong, really amazingly full, right? So, think of it that way. And then the last thing I want to say is that people get a lot of a benefit about just being low carb. Kind of more of a Mediterranean style approach where you you are having some carb from things like chickpeas, um, beans, legumes, lentils, all those sorts of high fiber vegetable products. Um, and I think that this is really important because people who have the inflammatory subset of headaches are not going to do well on keto because they're not getting enough fiber to support gut health to reduce inflammation. And so if you cut out all of that nice healthy fiber so that you can have like zero carbs, then you're kind of making the whole inflammatory subset worse. So, you got to think about that in terms of headache type that keto can make some headache types worse just because of what you're eliminating. And I think if you've got that brain chemistry type and you need all those different phytonutrients and you're cutting out vegetables in order to stay strict keto, like that's going to do you a disservice, too. So, a nice way to think about this is how about we just cut out like the carbs we all know we should, okay? straight up sugar, dessert, alcohol, ice cream, [gasps] right? How about we just cut out the obvious carbs that cavemen did not eat. Let's keep the carbs from things like maybe a half a cup or a cup of beans every day, maybe from some vegetables, you know, carrots, which do have a little bit of carb in them. There's still plenty of nutritional value in that in terms of the phytonutrients, the plant-based nutrients that you're getting from them. So, I personally think that's a much smarter and more sustainable approach to keto because in this study that I was telling you about at the beginning, almost half of people dropped out over time because you just can't eat that way long term. Your body, I think, starts to talk to you and tell you, "Hey, I need some fiber to keep this whole gut bacteria thing happening, to keep those guys happy, to keep your health on target that way. Hey, I need some phytonutrients to make my brain go to make all the systems work the way they're supposed to. We need the nutrients and plants. We used to get like the vast majority of our calories from plants. You know, our bodies are wired that way. And when we don't have them, I think your body starts to talk to you and say, "I am not happy with what you're doing here. I'm not getting what I need from your food." And no, taking a vitamin pill does not replace real food. They're helpful. We need them. they're not enough. You need to do the hard work of making good healthy choices. But I think our body starts to talk to us when we get too much into like just meat, just avocado. Do you know what I'm saying? So I think that's our body saying, "Hey, we need a little more variety in what we're eating here. We need a nutrientdense diet to support optimal brain health." Because our brain is really the canary in the coal mine. It is the first thing that's going to go wrong. And if you've got migraine, that's how it's going to come out. And so I think the people who don't do well on keto or they give up over time, I think they're actually listening to their body say we need a little more nutrient diversity here. And remember too that nobody's migraines fully went away in any of these studies on keto. I know that there may be people out there who have that experience, but in general, that's not what happens. In general, it is a piece of your recovery plan and it can absolutely give you a jump start. I mean, do you want to have five fewer headache days next month? Sure. Right. We'd all take that. Yeah, that's a step in the right direction. Especially if you have that energy production type of headache or if you know your genetics already, you know that your SOD2 is impacted for you or if you know that you have a high BMI and your weight needs to come down a little bit anyway, that's going to be a super effective way to do it and get fewer migraines to boot. So, hope that explained a few things to you about number one, does keto work? Number two, is it for me? How do I decide if I should try it? And number three, how to do it safely if you're have if you're a person who has typical migraine genetics. All right. If you think this kind of information is helpful for people with migraines, please hit like and subscribe because that helps the algorithm find

  Top Comments:
  1. @shawna.kathleen [1 likes]: I'm going to take the test though cause I'm thinking about keto!
  2. @shawna.kathleen [1 likes]: If this was true with the study did they take into consideration that people who eat animal fat and not plant fat are more prone to many many other I flammatory lifestyle choices? Led exercises, smoking, what the meat is served with?

- Dr. Chris Palmer - 'The Ketogenic Diet in Neurology and Psychiatry': Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i am going to be talking in some ways maybe about a different version of the ketogenic diet than some of you are familiar with um because low-carb diets have been used for you know a couple hundred years for you know treatment of obesity and the treatment of diabetes but the ketogenic diet in particular is a special diet that was specifically formulated for the treatment of a brain disorder so i have no disclosures whatsoever the research that i do i don't get paid a penny for this is all a labor of love so i'll do a quick overview of what i'm going to talk about what is ketogenic diet i'll fly through some of that because you all know it i'll give you the story about the ketogenic diet and its use in epilepsy tell you a little bit about how this diet works we'll talk about the ketogenic diet and it's used for neurological and psychiatric conditions i'll talk a little bit about the connection between what we call mental disorders and what we call metabolism or metabolic disorders and i'll end with implementing this intervention in psychiatric patients so what is the ketogenic diet this is the one i'll fly through you all know this diet that's high in fat low in carbohydrate moderate and protein it was developed in the 1920s specifically by a physician for the treatment of epilepsy you all i'm going to assume you all know about ketones beta-hydroxybuty butyrate acetoacetate and acetone the biggest thing i'll point your attention to the bottom bullet most peop some people think ketogenic diet you have to lose weight absolutely not this diet was developed specifically for children with epilepsy children who are growing this diet absolutely can result in normal healthy tissue growth and that means weight gain and so you can absolutely gain weight on a ketogenic diet and so some people when they choose to do the ketogenic diet for weight loss and they're in ketosis their ketones are high they can absolutely gain weight on this diet um so that brings to me to the next point there are different variations of this diet with different physiological effects and we do not have evidence whatsoever that these are all interchangeable they might be and depending on the person they they could be but i'll walk you through some of these variations of the ketogenic diet so the classic ketogenic diet developed in the 1920s is usually referred to as a four to one or a three to one ratio diet and what does that mean it means four grams of fat for every one gram of everything else fat has more calories than protein and carbohydrate and so a four to one ratio or a three to one ratio diet basically means that 80 to 90 plus percent of your calories are coming from fat there's fasting and intermittent fasting because this diet mimics the fasting state and so you can certainly intersperse fasting and intermittent fasting to get a therapeutic effect there's the mct ketogenic diet adding medium chain triglycerides which are more easily converted into ketones can result in higher levels of ketosis with a lower ratio like so you might be able to go to a forward one to a three to one ratio diet if you add mct oil there's the afkins diet and the lchf diet which most of you are familiar with usually used for weight loss or diabetes there's the modified atkins diet which is actually an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy the modification is to add more fat so you do the atkins diet think about the the traditional atkins diet and this is the diet where you are in fact going to add fat every opportunity you have add butter add olive oil add fat bombs you're constantly adding fat in general the modified atkins diet results in about a two to one ratio diet for most people just implementing it in a kind of non-rigorous way there's the ketogenic diet calorie restricted diet so we've heard about the ketogenic diet for weight loss or for cancer treatment and uh dr seifried published one case report of a in a human of somebody's cancer going into remission when she stopped the diet the cancer came back and she passed away but i want to just be clear the diet she was on was a four to one ratio ketogenic diet i'm going to show you what that looks like and she was calorie restricted to 600 calories a day that is not the keto that most of you are doing um there are ketone supplements and then there are websites and books and self-proclaimed experts you say keto i know about keto i'll cure your cancer keto i know about keto i'll cure your schizophrenia um please be skeptical of those claims so a lot of people in the keto community don't really know this literature and don't know these concepts so this is taken from the charlie foundation and it is a great pictorial what you see before you are four different meals and they all contain the same ingredients and they are the same number of calories 400 calories per meal i'll call your attention to the green plate so the green plate uh you know all of the meals have chicken breast broccoli mayonnaise and olive oil and the green plate is what most people would think of as a standard kind of low carb maybe even keto diet so you've got a decent serving of chicken breast a decent serving of broccoli and you've got a ramekin of mayonnaise that needs to be consumed and then you've got a splash of olive oil somewhere on that plate if you look up at the red plate again same number of calories same ingredients you get a tiny portion of chicken breast a very paltry portion of broccoli if you're going to eat broccoli most people eat more than that you've still got your ramekin of mayonnaise and then you've got a syringe of olive oil and all of the olive oil and the mayonnaise need to be consumed the syringe of olive oil is great because it represents that this is not a weight loss diet this is a medical prescription diet um it should be prescribed by a physician or clinician and it should be monitored safe for safety and you're doing this as a treatment for a serious medical disorder this is not a weight loss diet so let me tell you the story about the ketogenic diet and epilepsy so it turns out that this all started with this observation that fasting can stop seizures so this has been known since the time of hippocrates that if somebody was seizing in the old days the one most effective intervention was to have them go without food starve them fast them do a therapeutic fast for a long time as western medicine evolved for a long time this was just thought to be religious folklore because religious attribution was always the reason why the seizures stopped god likes fasting we are going to make a sacrifice this person is going to fast and the seizures will stop it might have been even interpreted that the seizures represented demon possession this person is possessed by a demon and the way to get rid of it is to make a sacrifice to god and fast him and his seizures will stop so western medicine thought this was just a bunch of bunk um uh that's crazy god doesn't heal when you pray to him so uh that's not rigorous at all and in 1921 dr galen reported the use of actually using intermittent fasting to treat a child with epilepsy and said actually no this actually works it's it's it's actually more than just religious folklore um that same year it was the ingenious dr russell wilder who solved a conundrum you can only fast people for so long and then guess what they'd starve to death and die um and usually when you have the person start eating a diet again the the seizures come right back so it's a great short-term intervention but not a very good long-term treatment plan so dr russell wilder created the ketogenic diet specifically to mimic the fasting state he thought if we just give them a lot of fat maybe they'll think the body will think somehow that it's taking those fat stores from your own body and that it's really mimicking the fasting state and maybe we'll get the same therapeutic effect and in fact he was correct early results were pretty impressive 50 of patients were seizure free and another 35 percent were markedly improved you notice this is not 100 it does not work for 100 of people it fell out of favor by 1950 with the advent of anti-seizure medications because there is no question this diet is really difficult to do compared to popping a pill every day but it was rediscovered in the 1970s at johns hopkins because lo and behold 30 percent of our current treatments this is even to this day 30 of our treatments don't work for people with epilepsy people can seize despite numerous medication trials despite brain surgery uh despite you know electrode implants and other things they can still continue to seize even with the best treatments we have to offer and it you know the the resurgence of the ketogenic diet and its use and epilepsy really should be attributed to john jim abrams and the charlie foundation i can tell you that story in the q a if you want to hear it due to him and his efforts and his advocacy we now have over 500 ketogenic diet centers around the world there was a cochrane review which for those of you who don't know is kind of the gold standard of a meta-analysis in the medical field cochrane review included seven randomized controlled trials and over 400 children and at three months seizure freedom rates were as high as 55 percent another 30 had a 50 or greater improvement in again doesn't reach 100 but i want to point out these are treatment resistant epilepsy patients they've already tried numerous medications and or brain surgery and it hasn't worked the modified atkins diet was not found to be as effective as a four to one ratio diet so this is where the different diets may play a different role and in freeman at all uh if you look at all comers at one year of all of these pediatric epilepsy patients who are coming to a clinic 55 of them remained on the diet after one year because it was clearly doing something beneficial 45 discontinued it either because they couldn't do it or it didn't work so how does a diet stop seizures so we actually know more about the effects of the ketogenic diet on the brain than we do any other dietary intervention hands down that includes omega-3 fatty acids that includes mediterranean diet vegan diet vegetarian diet take your pick vitamin b12 even take your pick any dietary intervention we know more about the effects of the ketogenic diet on the brain than any other dietary intervention why is that because this is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy that works when other treatments fail to work neuroscientists neurologists and biotech companies have been studying this diet for decades looking for new targets can what is this diet doing how is it working maybe we can develop a new med based on this diet so we know a lot i'm gonna i have simplified this diagram and i'm not going to go through the hundreds of articles that support all of this evidence and instead i've simpled it down i boiled it down to simple concepts that you can understand but please understand i didn't make these bullets up these are all supported by innumerable studies that i'm not citing for you um but it lowers blood sugar and insulin you all know that already it produces ketone bodies which are an alternate source of energy instead of glucose and glucose hypometabolism has been found in a lot of brain cells and that means they the brain cells often cannot use glucose as an energy source and ketones can kind of get into brain cells much more easily than glucose um ketone bodies are an important signaling molecule they are more than just an energy source they actually result in a whole cascade of effects including epigenetic changes including all sorts of things metabolic changes ketone bodies themselves have an anti-seizure effect this diet changes neurotransmitter systems including gaba glutamate adenosine it changes ion channel regulations such as calcium channels it increases mitochondrial function and production and that's really important so if you do this diet for a few years your cells will have more mitochondria and those mitochondria will be healthier it increases circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids which have been found to be neuroprotective it decreases leptin which has an effect on hunger it decreases inflammation including brain inflammation it changes the gut microbiome there are some scientists who have published in a prestigious journal called cell who claim that the primary effect of ketogenic diet is its effect on the gut microbiome it changes dna methylation and gene expression and then these last three increasing autophagy increasing levels of nad and activating certain genes are all thought to be an anti-aging effect so those are some powerful effects that's pretty impressive right so what is this diet being studied for so here you go these are all there are published case studies or you know randomized controlled trials for some of these for all of these conditions the biggest thing i ask of you is please do not leave here and go tell people the keto diet can cure als and can cure alzheimer's disease and bipolar it can cure everything everybody should be on the keto diet because it will prevent all illness in the world that is that is that is not what this slide is intended to portray now i'm going to go through a few of these if you have questions on any of these conditions and the ketogenic diet you can feel free to ask me i know a lot of the literature i don't know all of the literature so if i'm not going to cover your disease of choice feel free to ask me in the q a i'm going to go through alzheimer's disease so what causes alzheimer's disease no one knows the current answer from the best academic society says no one knows we know that it is associated with higher levels of plaques and tangles in the brain why do those form no one knows what are those there for no one knows will getting rid of them improve clinical outcomes the fda just recently said yeah we think so maybe and as may you may have read a lot of prominent scientists quit their service over that decision because that is not at all founded in science and the clinical trials of um andrew kanumab actually showed that it did not change the clinical outcomes even though it did reduce the plaques but what we do know are risk factors what are the risk factors for alzheimer's disease diabetes obesity cardiovascular disease or cardiovascular risk factors you might think of those as metabolism lack of exercise maybe throw that in with metabolism poor sleep if you don't know that already throw that in with metabolism depression recurrent episodes of depression earlier in life double your chances of getting alzheimer's disease and apoe4 allele what does apoe do apoe is an enzyme that's related to cholesterol and fat metabolism mitochondrial dysfunction has been shown and brain glucose dysregulation has been demonstrated and directly correlates with the plaques and tangles and the clinical symptoms so that some people are calling alzheimer's disease type 3 diabetes do we have any evidence that the ketogenic diet actually changes the course or improved symptoms with alzheimer's disease we have some we have some small pilot trials that's all we've got small pilot trials but i'll share them with you we have at least three animal models showing that the ketogenic diet can reduce biomarkers or even the plaques and tangles associated with alzheimer's disease we have one study showing that a ketone supplement these patients weren't didn't have to change their diet they were just given a ketone supplement that that actually the ketone itself seemed to improve cognition in the patients who did not have an apoe4 allele there was a very small study 23 people people randomized to a high carb or low carb diet the low carb diet had memory improvement and it was the level of ketosis that was the single factor correlated with improvement it was not correlated with calories consumed the way they measured insulin resistance or insulin levels or their weight you didn't have to lose weight in order to get a clinical benefit this next study i want to just highlight one of the challenges in our field that we all face this was the johns hopkins study modified atkins diet versus the national institute of aging diet for six weeks after two and a half years they screened over thirteen hundred people they were shooting for sixty sixty completers they got 27 people to even enroll in this study and they only had 14 complete study you don't get a really robust statistical significance with 14 patients nonetheless the patients who achieved ketosis seemed to have improved cognition and by their metrics it was clinically significant but people will ignore this study because it's only 14 completers they spent a lot of money a lot of time on this study they screened over 1300 people who had alzheimer's disease they didn't want to do this diet this next study is a little better because they got 90 to 95 compliance they they randomized 20 participants to both a ketogenic and an american heart association diet separated by a washout period and they found that when people were on the ketogenic diet they had improved biomarkers of alzheimer's disease biomarker is different than clinical improvement this is probably the best study we've got 26 participants just came out this year they were randomized to 12 weeks of either acute of a ketogenic diet and a low-fat diet separated by a 10-week washout the patients who got the ketogenic diet had a clinically significant and significant statistically significant improvement in activities of daily living which means these people were better able to wash themselves eat feed themselves those types of things quality of life and they actually had improvement in but with the 26 participants it didn't reach statistical significance but before you go tell little you know grandma in the nursing home who's been there for 10 years who's in the end stage of alzheimer's disease before you go tell grandma to do a ketogenic diet alzheimer's disease is associated with neuronal atrophy which means shrinking and cell death once brain cells die for the most part there are a few handful of areas in the brain that can regenerate cells but for the most part once neurons die they're dead that's why stroke patients do so poorly you don't get it back and the ketogenic diet doesn't resurrect dead cells so there might be a point in alzheimer's disease beyond which it's too late to intervene so now we're going to talk about mental disorders a lot of people are like what the hell are you talking about mental disorders and a diet for like what do they have to do with each other is mental i start with question what causes mental illness to begin with the predominant model is called the biopsychosocial model which says there are biological factors psychological factors and social factors that all come together to result in mental illness this applies to every mental disorder it applies to schizophrenia psychological and social factors influence the development of schizophrenia so schizophrenia most people think of it that's a biological illness but psychological and social factors play a role and you see some of the factors that are listed and i'm here to ask the question could metabolism play a role because nobody ever for the most part talks about metabolism when they talk about the biopsychosocial factors including the biological factors metabolism is a biological thing almost never does anybody in the mental health field say metabolism might be an important factor to consider so i'm going to walk you through just a tiny whirlwind tour of some literature on the connection between what we call mental disorders and metabolic disorders turns out that mental disorders have a bidirectional relationship with all metabolic disorders what do i mean by bi-directional relationship i mean that if i look at a group of people with mental illness they are more likely to have in this case obesity if i look at a different group of people who are obese say i go to a weight watchers group they are more likely to have a mental illness major depression bipolar disorder schizophrenia are all associated with higher rates of obesity for depression it's not that bad it's 20 it's only a 20 increase and you have to take that into the context of some people lose weight with depression um but when you look at patients with bipolar disorder in schizophrenia this one study followed patients for 20 years after the first hospitalization two-thirds of patients with schizophrenia and over half of those with bipolar disorder became obese and this compared at the time to rates that were like 17 in new york state so i know the rates of obesity are skyrocketing now so these rates may seem like well that's probably normal um it it it was not normal it turns out that individuals with a higher bmi so people who are obese if you measure their brain function they actually have abnormalities in the the brain circuits and the way that they communicate with each other and these these same abnormalities are found in patients with mental disorders obesity actually worsens the course of bipolar disorder so if i have a bipolar patient one who's obese and one who's not obese the obese patient is more likely to have manic episodes and depressive episodes much more frequently than the one who's thin obesity itself leads to higher rates of mental illness this one very large series by kessler found that they were 25 more likely to have a mood or anxiety disorder and then this lost bullet is a longitudinal study they followed people looked at do you eat a lot of junk food if you eat a lot of junk food 10 years later not surprisingly you're more likely to have obesity guess what 10 years later you're also more likely to have major depression so mental illness and diabetes again a bidirectional relationship people diagnosed with schizophrenia are three times that's 300 percent more likely to develop diabetes as people in the general population people diagnosed with depression are only 60 percent more likely to develop when people present with new onset schizophrenia or bipolar disorder they often show signs of glucose dysregulation even though they don't yet meet criteria for diabetes and uh this one study followed mentally ill patients longitudinally they come into the emergency room for their first psychotic episode they're normal weight and non-diabetic most people think of diabetes as a disease of overeating so you overeat you get fat and then you get diabetic in the mentally ill at least in this series it worked a little bit differently you get psychotic first then your diabetes comes and then you get fat what if we look at it the other way around diabetes if i go to a diabetic clinic people with diabetes we have the best evidence for this with depression because depression is the most one of the most common mental disorders it's not the most common but it's one of the more common mental disorders so it's easier to kind of see and get a signal so people with diabetes are twice as likely to have clinical depression but when they get it it lasts four times longer than it does in people who are non-diabetic so that at any given time about 25 of diabetic patients in a clinic will have depression but depression actually worsens the course of diabetes and this is regardless of the treatment so if you have a patient with diabetes who's stable whatever stable is for them on whatever treatment you want insulin medication or even the ketogenic if they get clinically depressed spouse dies they get clinically depressed their blood sugars are going to go up their levels of insulin are going to go up and those people are more likely to have higher rates of vascular complications symptoms affect metabolism what about cardiovascular disease same deal bidirectional relationships again people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder much more likely to have cardiovascular disease depression itself is a major risk factor in people who've never had a coronary event they are 50 to 100 more likely to have a heart attack and those who've already had a heart attack depression about doubles your risk of having another heart attack if all other risk factors are equal what if i look at it the other way around if i go to a cardiac floor and look at people who who are suffering and in the hospital with a cardiac event 20 percent of people who have coronary artery disease have clinical depression and 33 of those with congestive heart failure have clinical depression this is three to five times the rate in the general population now most people think they understand this it sucks to have a heart attack and it really sucks to have congestive heart failure wouldn't you be depressed the problem is that the depression often came before they had these events and maybe if we had taken that as a signal and intervened we might have prevented these catastrophic events and the reality is that people with mental disorders die early deaths mental illness is a sometimes deadly disorder life expectancy is significantly reduced we've known this for decades with serious mental disorders schizophrenia bipolar disorder major depression depending on what series and study you look at anywhere from seven to thirty years of life reduction but in turn it turns out that a recent study in lansing in 2019 looking at over seven million people found that all mental disorders reduce lifespan adhd anxiety depression personality disorders substance use disorders every single mental disorder puts you at risk for reduced lifespan mortality everybody thinks suicide it's suicide they're all killing themselves they're killing themselves at young ages and that skews the statistics everything i said is true they do kill themselves more frequently than people who don't have mental disorders that's true but that's not what they're dying of most of the people are dying of cardiac disease diabetes cancer alzheimer's so why consider a metabolic intervention for mental disorders in many ways this is nothing new this research has been around since the 1960s metabolic disturbances in the brains of people with mental disorders is well known this is science fact if you believe in scientific evidence the diagnoses include things like schizophrenia bipolar disorder anxiety disorders ptsd and depression those are the common ones that we we have the most robust evidence for what do i mean when i say changes in metabolism different levels of lactate the atp to adp ratio reactive oxygen species redox markers nad to nadh inflammation these are all related to metabolism and it is well documented that people with mental disorders have these metabolic disturbances in their brains abnormalities of glucose metabolism are seen in not just non-treated bipolar disorder and schizophrenia but actually quite a few mental disorders and i'll describe another one soon cortisol is known to adversely affect metabolism and people familiar with mental health field now cortisol plays a huge role in a lot of mental disorders and mitochondrial dysfunction has been found in many disorders so why consider the ketogenic diet here is the way i think about it today in 2021 standing before you the ketogenic diet is an evidence-based proven treatment for epilepsy i hope you believe in cochrane reviews most treatments for epilepsy are routinely used to treat psychiatric this includes medications like depakote tegritol lamictal topamax neurontin or gabapentin and all the benzodiazepines valium klonopin xanax ativan every medication i just listed even though most of you probably know them in the use of psychiatric disorders every medication i just listed are anti-convulsant medications turns out that psychiatric treatments don't work all that great for most so clinicians often end up using off-label treatments the ketogenic diet has been found to reverse many of the metabolic and brain abnormalities found in people with mental disorders therefore it is not unreasonable given that we're already using off-label treatments all the time it is not unreasonable to consider using an off-label therapeutic dietary intervention in the treat in treatment resistant mental illness can't be a first-line treatment yet a treatment resistant mental illness so do we have any evidence that it actually does anything for real people with mental disorders we've got some and i'll go through that so depression unfortunately we don't have any randomized controlled trials we don't even have any good clinical case studies of the ketogenic diet being used for somebody with primary major depression nothing in the medical literature yet what we do have are studies of studies where they use the ketogenic diet to treat another medical condition such as diabetes weight loss epilepsy and the researchers measured levels of depression and noticed that the patients got a lot better their depressive symptoms got better the confound in that is that maybe they felt better because they were losing weight who wouldn't feel better if they're losing weight maybe they felt better because their seizures stopped who wouldn't feel better if their diabetes was in remission that's a pretty good thing to feel good about too so we've got these clinical trials the good news is that there are just a tiny number of clinical trials underway for major depression now alcohol use disorder this is late breaking news just this year and this comes from the national institutes of health um and the lead author was uh or the senior author i should say was a woman named nora volca who is the director of our national institute of drug abuse turns out alcoholism has been associated strongly with brain glucose hypo metabolism the brain cells of alcoholics tend not to metabolize glucose very effectively and there's a lot of reason based on a lot of neuroscience literature to believe that this might be related to the reason it's so hard for alcoholics to stop drinking alcohol and why they get such a potent powerful reward when they do drink alcohol again and that makes it very difficult for them to stop animal models have directly demonstrated reduce alcohol intake and cat and rats on ketogenic diets but this study recruited um about 40 patients with alcoholism they brought them on an inpatient unit for a detox they randomized half of them to a ketogenic diet and half of them to the standard american diet everything else was the same the patients on the ketogenic diet required less benzodiazepines as part of their detox even though they got less medication they had fewer withdrawal symptoms they reported lower cravings for alcohol and in fact these researchers did brain metabolism studies before and after so scans of their brain metabolism before and after and in fact had improved brain metabolism in the areas that these researchers were most interested in that they thought might be playing a powerful role in this addiction cycle schizophrenia bipolar disorder for those of you who don't know schizophrenia affects about one percent of the population bipolar two to five percent rates are going up so these are probably dated statistics unfortunately there's a lot of overlapping symptoms and diagnoses and in fact these diagnoses are really considered a spectrum disorder now um they're really not distinct illnesses and that's why i put them together in a three for those of you who don't know though in a three year observational study over 6 000 patients with schizophrenia our current treatments are abysmal in terms of helping restore these patients lives 6 000 patients how many of them got long-lasting symptomatic remission 33 that just means your hallucinations or delusions go away how many of them had an adequate quality of life we're not even shooting for good quality of life we're shooting for adequate quality of life the only other option is poor quality of life only a quarter have an adequate quality of life how many of them are able to work or go to school only 13 and if you put those all together you have to have all of those to call it a really effective treatment four percent so we need better treatments for these disorders so does the ketogenic diet work do we have any evidence that it works we've actually got five animal models published in reputable neuroscience and psychiatric journals now showing that the ketogenic diet can have an antipsychotic effect in animals the human data goes all the way back to 1965 a pilot study of 10 patients with schizophrenia patients were placed on a ketogenic diet for one month on an inpatient setting the researchers reported that the patients who got the ketogenic diet were significantly improved when they stopped the diet symptoms got worse i'll fully acknowledge this was a very poorly done study because studies back in the 1960s weren't all that rigorous so we do have more evidence the 2009 study is from dr eric westman and but i'm going to skim through these i have published three different case series or a small pilot study and instead of going through statistics and data i'm going to tell you a story about one of these patients and some of you who've heard this presentation before have heard the story of doris who is now in her 80s and she is really a testament to it's never too late to intervene but i'm not going to tell her story this time i'm going to tell a more complicated story for better or worse i'm going to mix things up i'm going to call this woman jane that is not her real name but this is her real story so jane grew up in the midwest to a middle-class family she had no trauma or abuse she had a good life she was anxious as a kid always anxious never clear why parents didn't really know what to do they did their best teachers did their best to support her over time she got diagnosed with an anxiety disorder then depression on top of that she started treatment medication psychotherapy wasn't really working by the time she was 14 years old she began having hallucinations and delusions she started getting paranoid people were following her people were trying to harm her she didn't tell anybody though because she knew that they would think she was crazy she kept that to herself her depression started getting worse she started attempting suicide hospitalized for those suicide attempts more pills more therapy more hospitals nothing's working she develops anorexia nervosa she starts starving herself she becomes completely emaciated super thin she doesn't have obesity she's the opposite end of the spectrum super thin hospitalized couple of times for her anorexia nervosa which is a life-threatening disorder for those of you don't know it's actually the most deadly psychiatric disorder to be diagnosed with by the time she's 23 she gets the official label of schizophrenia because she can't conceal her hallucinations and delusions anymore pills pills and more pills lots of therapy some hospitalizations by the time she's 33 years old she develops a lot of gastrointestinal complaints pain cramping trouble with certain foods they do a medical workup can't find anything wrong it's in her head clearly it's in her head they try different standard treatments those standard treatments don't work so she goes to a functional medicine practitioner who says let's put you on a ketogenic diet for these gi problems she starts ketogenic diet within a couple weeks she starts feeling a little bit better at this point in her life she's on 14 different medications she's sick of medications she makes a strategic decision i'm going to stop all my meds she stops all her meds now i want to point out this woman is in ketosis that should save her right in ketosis she stops all 14 minutes all hell breaks loose she becomes flooredly psychotic severely depressed suicidal she's hospitalized hospitalized for two full months for those of you not familiar with psychiatry that's a long time to be in the hospital they allow her to remain on the because she's got a gi problem they put her on an injectable antipsychotic medication called haldol she has tried this before and it never worked they're going to try it again at least it's injectable she can't stop it and within one month her hallucinations and delusions stop for the first time since she was 14 years old over the next year she works with our psychiatrist to wean off of the haldol injections the hallucinations and delusions never come back so now she's off all antipsychotic medications and her hallucinations and delusions are gone i want to point out she loses 70 pounds from the ketogenic diet she only needed to lose 40. she is now 30 pounds underweight and she readily acknowledges i was getting a high the power the control that i finally got again i loved it i loved losing weight she worked with a therapist to regain that 30 pounds she has been able to maintain a normal healthy weight for the most part since then it is now eight years later she has remained out of psychiatric hospitals she has remained off antipsychotic and mood stabilizing medications she no longer has you know the psychotic symptoms she's still tempted when she gets really stressed she says i'll start restricting i start cutting back on my carbs maybe the calories i want that high i want the control i want to be able to control something when i feel like my life is getting out of control she works with her therapist to recognize that dangerous pattern and she has been able to control her anorexic symptoms since then while doing a she's also gotten married she finished a master's degree in social work she now works full-time as a social worker in a mental health clinic people in the mental health clinic do not know anything about this history they think she's just a normal woman who's a social worker you have no idea she has this history and so she's not a public figure she's not willing to come out about this because she has a life that she wants to protect so how would you implement the ketogenic diet for mental illness if you want to do it patience please do not try this on your own i cannot stress this enough there are serious risks especially during keto adaptation when this diet is initiated so in my clinical practice i can theorize why this is happening but i'm just reporting the facts the facts are a lot of people will get insomnia they can actually have increased depression before their depression alleviates they can have increased suicidality some patients get manic some patients can have increased psychosis in other words it can get worse before it gets better this is usually in the first month usually in the first two weeks for most patients but first month is particularly dangerous as they are adapting to the ketogenic diet hypomania and mania are common but usually unrecognized psychiatric medications can interfere with the diet's effects and might prevent a recovery antipsychotics increase insulin levels and increase glucose levels they need to be safely managed we just heard a story i shared with you about a disaster so please don't do that and the reality is this is not a magic bullet for most patients it's not it is one part of a comprehensive treatment patients need medication monitoring medication reduction maybe even medications they need to sleep they need a daily routine they need exercise they might need therapy or stress management if they're using drugs and alcohol guess what that can play a role in their illness and their metabolism so what do you need you need a competent mental health professional and you need a competent ketogenic diet clinician to deliver this treatment it could be one in the same but i really feel strongly you need both of these you need medical record documentation and then options or you might employ a keto coach or a keto food service here are some points to consider when thinking about medical record documentation i'm not going to read through them but you have the slide available so if you're a clinician and you're thinking about doing this i don't want you to lose your license so please document why you are using this and why it is a reasonable justified decision the patient has to be informed of their treatment options and that this is an off-label treatment the future of this field is bright there are psychiatrists and neuroscientists around the world some of the top in our field who are beyond excited about this shared with you nora volkov she's a director of nida that's important and impressive but one group of researchers actually stole this idea they talked to me a year beforehand they published in a journal the ketogenic diet might be an effective treatment for schizophrenia bipolar disorder and chronic depression and here are all of the reasons why it might be they didn't mention my research at all they didn't mention my collaborators research he's done a lot of the animal studies of this so we got another publication by submitting a response to uh there but the fact that a really prominent neuroscience researcher thinks this is worthy of stealing in my mind yay this is great great news people in my field are taking this seriously they know that we have more than enough of an evidence base to take this seriously because we have so much literature in the neurology field that we routinely call on to treat psychiatric patients so with that i will stop and i am happy to take questions and i just want to say i'm a mental health professional i'm happy to take questions on anything i discussed keto diet but if you have questions about mental health in general i'm also happy to take those i will be the first one to say i will buy that so thank you so much and thank you for such an inspiring and hopeful presentation i lost a brother to schizophrenia and a sister-in-law to bipolar so the fact that there could have been some additional interventions is hard to take but again it's very helpful my question to you is when you were going over the various mental disorders that could possibly benefit from a ketogenic diet and you were exciting the studies were they all using a traditional ketogenic diet or was there variations in the type of diet that they were using it's a great question so all of the animal model studies that have ever been done employ the traditional four to one ratio ketogenic diet and that's really important to take into account when interpreting this literature and that includes all of the neuroscience so all of the neuroscience that we have about the ketogenic diet is based on four to one ratio diets um the the clinical trials and or the clinical case vignettes are variable some of them use dr westman's version of the ketogenic diet for weight loss and diabetes control fairly non you know kind of um you don't have to weigh and measure you can just guesstimate you know a handful of this two handfuls of that and you're good others i've had many patients who have needed a three to one or even a four to one ratio diet in order to achieve a therapeutic effect so the way that i look at the ketogenic diet is i look at it as any just like any other medical intervention if you're going to give a pill to a patient for a condition what dose do you use for everyone well we don't use the same dose for everyone on any medical intervention you have a starting dose my starting dose of the ketogenic diet is the modified atkins diet which is a two to one ratio diet guesstimate don't have to weigh and measure but let's shoot for a two to one ratio diet i will have them track sometimes if we're not getting ketosis or if we're not getting high enough levels of ketones i am shooting for a range of ketones almost always greater than 1.5 for psychotic disorders i'm usually looking for greater than 2 or 2.5 ideally above three but i've seen some people benefit from just getting over two below two i haven't seen much of a benefit for psychotic disorders so that means you're really doing a therapeutic ketogenic diet and it's important to do blood monitoring i start with two to one ratio modified atkins and if we're not getting an effect if we're not getting ketosis then we start getting more rigorous maybe let's try a three to one ratio dial maybe let's monitor and make sure you're actually doing two to one ratio let's let's up the ante and we up the ne and see what we get thank you can you please talk about your experience with autonomic dysfunction in your patients and what methods have been the most effective i'm particularly interested in the limbic system retraining i've been reading about i would defer to our prior speaker on that one that's so that's not an area of expertise of mine and so i'm not treating a hive i have two patients who've had autonomic dysfunction and i've used this intervention they also had very serious psychiatric diagnoses on top of their automatic but i'm not really qualified to answer that question i would think they would go hand in hand i think they do go hand in hand i just my clinical sample isn't that population thanks for your talk i i do family medicine so i've noticed i appreciated your the section that you had talked about the use of the off-label epilepsy drugs and how they can be used in bipolar and kind of how that might correlate to doing a ketogenic diet so my question is when you notice very very strict protocols in inpatient hospitals for let's say childhood epilepsy it's well accepted the ketogenic diet is used there's no question you know there's no you know argument against it does that give you hope or have you even seen inpatient centers recovery centers detox centers inpatient starting to implement those dietary changes and are we do you see hope in that because i i could see that potentially reducing inpatient stays in a mental health facility things like that so i've just seen maybe if you could comment on that yeah i see a tremendous amount of hope and um i'm actually ramping up to start more of an advocacy campaign but also a research campaign so we've got three funded clinical trials of the ketogenic diet for uh bipolar disorder schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder um uh yeah thank you thank you that was a long time coming and there is a very wealthy philanthropic family that has set up a foundation for exactly this purpose they are very passionate about seeing this move forward so but but change is hard as we all know and as many people have talked about so we do need research science and facts are part of the equation to change but they're not a lot but they're not the only one we need advocacy we need lobbying we need all sorts of things and the reality is we're up against very powerful forces that have reasons to resist change what do you think separates that epilepsy treatment in children with with providers catching on to uh mental health disorder treatment so right now it's an edu right now it's an education and advocacy campaign i will tell you that when i speak with clinicians mental health clinicians at least when i do in my experience so i give talks at harvard medical school psychiatry conferences traditional hardcore evidence-based psychiatrists come to those conference that's what they're scrutinizing i just gave a talk two months ago and in fact it was the highest rated talk of the entire conference multiple people said this is really serious two researchers said we're going to pursue research on this and many clinicians said i'm really going to consider the ketogenic diet with some of my patients here's the big challenge in conundrum i cited the johns hopkins study how difficult it was for them to get old people to do the diet to potentially prevent or reverse or slow down 1300 people 14 completers that's it those people knew what they were doing those researchers knew the ketogenic diet like the back of their hand they were trained when i give a talk to general mental health practitioners they don't know nothing about the kids they don't know what all is involved they don't know the art and the science how do you get people to do this how do you make it palatable how do you make it doable but but we have to combine art and science we really do there's an art to this and many of you in this room are professional in that you know good recipes you know good tips and tricks for when you're eating out with friends and family who are shoving bread in your face that's the art of implementing this treatment but there's a science of implementing this treatment do we start with a two to one ratio diet do i do i go up in the diet do i add mct oil what happens if ldl goes up how am i going to respond as a medical provider that's the science that so it's got to be a team effort to really move this forward but i am full of hope and the thing that gives me the most hope is that people with mental disorders are pissed off they are frustrated they are hopeless and they i've got billionaire families saying we will throw money at this if you have an effective strategy to change just move the needle for god's sakes just move it for even 10 of the patients like we are so sick of this hopeless message that no one knows what causes schizophrenia no one knows what causes bipolar disorder yeah our current treatment sucks and so you just have to accept that your life is ruined sure that's not something really to clap for i get it yeah that was like the million-dollar question you know of pretty much everything you said and everything that we all work for is to try to figure out how to get the word out and let everybody know that it's not just psychiatric it's like a million disorders that could be fixed by not having the sad diet so that being said you mentioned something about apo4 alleles and um i'm wondering if you have any research literature anything that could um help understand whether or not having being on a ketogenic diet will increase your risk of alzheimer's dementia with either one or two alleles of the apo4 gene so i'm going to encourage you if you don't know him you can just follow him on social media his name is nick norwicz he is dave dave just told me about him he is a he's a friend of mine who is now in his first year at harvard medical school so he's going to get busy really soon and really fast and um but uh he has self-disclosed i'm not disclosing anything confidential he is double apoe4 on a ketogenic diet for his own health um and he's particularly concerned oh my god i don't want alzheimer's disease when i'm 60 years old and am i am i hurting helping right now we don't have a definitive answer we really don't um but he probably more than anyone is passionate about looking at the hardcore science literature trying to connect some dots and try to make sense of what am i doing to my body and is this really in my best interest so just to follow up a little bit on in terms of research and studies do you have anything like that you're giving us in your slides that has stated research so that we can look at that and use it so the the best place to go to my website okay so my website i have um my own publications um and i've got a lot of lay articles that i've written for like psychology today and other things on all of these topics if you read any of my own publications you'll see a lot of citations of the major kind of articles in the field all kind of linking it uh i will i will just share with you i've got a book coming out a year from now so stay tuned for that that will actually provide a lot more of the science and we'll connect even more dots than i've connected for you today thank you so much eric westman durham north carolina dr westman thank you so much great talk as usual and also thank you for pursuing the academic with academic rigor this this area this topic now in my office i have a list of foods that you can have the keto foods low carb high fat lchf whatever you want to call it very low in sugar then i have this box at the bottom it has a red surrounded with a red line with an arrow through it you know the no no list as it were these are the foods that are eliminated on a keto diet well formulated keto diet and so i'm sitting here watching looking at this and thinking is what i do effective because of the food i give or the food that's removed and so i remember so you know we we're treating things things get better and i can things be prevented now i'm convinced that i can prevent diabetes though i don't have a clinical trial on it it's a harder study to do but i'm convinced that if you don't eat much sugar and starch you're never going to get diabetes and i would like someone to show me an exception to that rule now i wonder can you prevent and i i seem to recall there was a kind of observation that when a famine or war came through there was rationing of bread and there was a suspicion that bread might actually be causative so actually so is the effect of what we see the effect of the food you're giving in the keto levels or is it because they're not having something that causes the brain abnormality it's a it's a really great question one that i've thought a lot about and one that i i think about and explore pretty rigorously in the book that i've written the real answer is can we prevent all mental disorders so can i eliminate schizophrenia in the population my unequivocal answer to that is no way and the reason that i say that is that even if i get everybody which i would not advocate for but even if i get everybody according to that hypothesis no more sugar no more carbohydrates everybody eat meat and drink water nothing more will that alone prevent schizophrenia and all of those people i would argue no it won't it will dramatically reduce schizophrenia in my opinion based on a lot of science connecting a lot of dots but there's a lot more so so my stick is that metabolism affects brain health but in order to really unpack that you have to understand well what is metabolism is a lot more than just diet is life metabolism is how do living organisms live and reproduce that is metabolism everything everything that goes into how do living organisms live and reproduce and adapt everything related to those concepts is related to metabolism and that means for instance if you're a mother and you get a viral infection during pregnancy especially in the second trimester of pregnancy your child is more likely to have regardless of what you're eating regardless of anything else there have been pandemics other pandemics that resulted in skyrocketing rates of autism because we know that infection results in inflammation which affects but it affects neurodevelopment it affects all sorts of things but again let me let me make this relevant for everyone in this room you're on a therapeutic ketogenic diet you're doing great you're doing so well everything's good your blood sugars are good your cholesterol is good everything's great you've reversed your diabetes through virta health you get an infection what happens to your blood sugars because you got an infection what happens this is not theoretical the overwhelming majority of people who get an infection will see their blood sugars go up their levels of insulin resistance will go up regardless of what they do with their diet at that point they can starve themselves they can fast they can do whatever they want they can increase their fat ratio it's not going to make the glucose go down necessarily because an infection is a stress response it is a your body is responding in a metabolic way your body is devoting resources to fighting off something that may kill you and when it is devoting resources to something else it means that it has fewer resources for every for maintenance and just general life happiness and everything else and then if you are vulnerable so not everybody has an increase in glucose because some people are really resilient and healthy but i'm talking about people who've had diabetes even if they've reversed it they are a vulnerable population why because they had diabetes that put whatever happened to make them get diabetes put them at risk and so now they're a vulnerable population and when you threaten that vulnerable an infection but also with abuse with stress with sleep deprivation um maybe changes in the gut microbiome maybe lots of other things but when you threaten that organism that human being and they have to mount resources to defend themselves it takes a metabolic toll and i don't consider that illness i consider that an adaption that is normal that is healthy we have to do that we have to defend ourselves and there's always a price to pay to defend ourselves so we know that stress itself bullying and teasing a child relentlessly making sure they don't have any friends they're also getting abused at home by parents later when they become an adolescent they get sexually molested those children are at higher risk for all mental disorders all of them not just depression not just anxiety not just ptsd they're at higher risk for having hallucinations which get diagnosed as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder they're at higher risk for alcoholism they're at higher risk for every mental disorder and will if they were on a low carb diet through all of that does that is that a powerful enough intervention to negate all of that sexual abuse physical abuse bullying and teasing no friends i no i would argue no we don't have clinical trials to test it but i would argue in my common sense way no i don't think that's a powerful so what you're saying is not just the bread it's not just the bread it's not just the bread and it's not just the sugar although bread and sugar are important powerful tools that we can use to improve metabolism so i don't i don't want you to take that away from take take away from that like chris palmer is not saying diet doesn't matter diet absolutely matters but diet's not the only thing that matters chris uh what i can say after your presentation is all men uh as you know i'm not a practitioner i am a long practicing patient so i have four or five one or two word questions answers okay number one does my psychiatrist work for me or do i work for my psychiatrist that's a question to me yes it is your psychiatrist ideally should be working for you okay number two [Laughter] hi dr palmer thank you very much i just wanted to ask you i um in my obstetric practice i have a fair amount of patients with psychogenic non-epileptic seizure disorder and they usually roll in in like a full-on seizure type activity into my unit in labor and delivery from transferred from an outside center and i'm just wondering do you have any experience with those types of patients who have pnes and then if you've ever considered this kind of treatment or what what is your approach because i feel like when we get neurology involved they end up sending them with you know with lamigdol or something and you know or kepra you know and then we're i i just feel like it's the wrong approach and i feel like a lot of these folks have ptsd and things like that and so can you just give me your approach and how it fits in terms of ketogenic diet thank you great it's a great question with an evidence-based answer so the reality is um you're so you're describing a patient population that everybody in the medical field considers difficult these are the difficult patients because we don't have tests to to really say what's wrong with them and when we when we when we when we can't get a positive test that tells us oh here's pathology then we think it's in their head they're faking it they're doing this on purpose to get attention there's no doubt there are probably some patients who are in fact doing it to get maybe they've been abused maybe they're neglected maybe they just got in a fight with their boyfriend and they want to get attention and so they fake a seizure with with with a lot of them i mean what basically what you're describing is a very old-fashioned concept called conversion disorder or people some people might call it somatization disorder or somatoform disorders lots of labels that we apply to it the people with mental conditions are more likely to have physical complaints um and uh and what causes those physical complaints the predominant model right now is that it's just in their head i don't believe it's just in their head with with pseudo seizures it's more difficult to assess because i really do think there are some circumstances where people are doing it for some kind of a reward and that might be i want attention um somebody's neglecting me and they're forgetting that i'm sick and they won't believe that i'm mentally sick they won't they don't they don't like my ptsd symptoms they get annoyed at me for those so if i fake a seizure they'll pay attention to me they'll be more concerned they'll be more loving they'll be they'll caregive more there's no question in my mind that that is true for some patients and then the solution for that patient is to address that issue to address you know what yeah i get that it gives you some short-term care giving but you're burning out your boyfriend you think he's gonna be with you five years from now you think he's gonna be with you 20 years from now if you keep this up you gotta have to find a better way to get attention you're gonna have to and and you need to give a little and get a little and you need to be able to communicate with him and talk with him about your needs and how you're gonna get them and maybe your boyfriend's not capable of giving you everything you need so then you turn to family and friends and other people so for that patient those are the kinds of strategies i would use for another patient who says i really wasn't faking it and i genuinely believe that she wasn't that she was really having some experience that resulted in her being distressed and almost passing out i actually think metabolism may in fact be playing a role that you know with autonomic instability with muscle you know effects and other things that when metabolism is disrupted you know when diabetics report feeling fatigued all day and that they can't exercise because they're fatigued most people in our society just think that's laziness i actually think it's a metabolic problem affecting their brain function but also affecting their muscles they really can't exercise or if they can it is really painful for them it is genuinely painful for them and it's taking a tr a gargantuan amount of effort for them to do it it doesn't mean that i don't ask my diabetic patients to exercise because i do but i do it with that kind of a compassionate understanding this is going to be huge for you and i'm asking a lot of you but i think again short-term detriment this is going to really hurt you might have more pain you might even have more fatigue in the short run i'm not going to be deterred you might but i'm not going to be deterred because i'm expecting that i want you to expect that because that's the path to recovery and um and so i might use that kind of an approach with someone else but i i could go on and on but i'll take another question sorry uh what are your thoughts about the use of exogenous ketones and mct oil in those dementia and behavioral health patients i'm wondering if it would attenuate risk in that induction phase any thoughts on that so it um it's a really important question dom d agastino is doing research on this mary newport is championing that effort you know she treated her husband with ketone supplements and mct oil and other ketogenic agents and found that it was beneficial and helpful for him he is he is dead um he passed away he fell started having seizures and died so again we're not talking cure but she reported significant improvement in his symptoms over a period of time she's written a book on this um so but we don't have rigorous studies we just don't um the reality again the the best research that we have i showed you and their tiny tiny studies in the grand scheme of the medical industry study with 26 patients is a pilot study at best so um so we need to champion this and i'm a big fan of we need to champion this based on neuroscience we need to champion this based on evidence not on i did keto and it worked for me so let's do it everybody should do it because then you sound like a snake oil salesman you really do i did keto it worked for me everybody should do it that's nothing more than a snake oil salesman we have so much evidence to call on we have such a tremendous gift and opportunity by all of these neuroscientists and others who've done the research we need to use it as a in a strategic way to really make change oh my gosh so you know all of us are clearly looking for evidence and studies to share and i am very interested right now in glioblastomas for a very personal reason not my own but um and i'm wondering is there any good study evidence about ketogenic diets for glioblastomas or for like once you've gone through the surgery and then you're going to be doing radiation and chemo of being on the ketogenic diet and where can i find that so thomas seifried wrote the one case report that i described just briefly when i was describing different versions so he had success in reducing the size of a glioblastoma in a patient um over a few months it reduced in size enough so that it was undetectable on brain scans she had to do a four to one ratio diet 600 calorie restriction in order to achieve that result she went off the diet the tumor came back quickly and she died so that's those are the facts the the the researchers involved and the oncologists involved thought that it was highly unusual that her tumor should regress in that way and so they the journal published it because they think this is an unusual finding these tumors usually don't regress like this that was an extraordinarily restrictive diet that she clearly couldn't sustain she did it for i think nine months or something like that don't quote me on that but she did it for a period of time um there are plenty of studies i you know you might want to work with miriam calamium and she's that's what she does so i would i would refer you to her because she probably no she not even probably she definitely knows better the literature than i do on that so i would ask her that i got her card okay hi dr palmer first of all thanks a lot for the landmark work that you're doing for the psychiatric field and as a psychiatry i wanted to express my deep admiration and i wanted to thank publicly thank you for the work you're doing and facilitating the work for the rest of us at least showing the way my question has to do in regards to what i call social keto adaptation and what i've seen among my patients is that one of the toughest things even in mild or not very restrictive low carbohydrate diets it is hard for them to go back to their houses and formulate it in an appropriate way even when they have clear boundaries to do it do you have any can you talk a little bit more about how you work with the their families or or how important is the support that they might get from their families or environments it's a great question and a really important one the um you know one of the cases that i ended up reporting on of a woman with schizophrenia who did it her boyfriend had to lock the refrigerator put a lock around the refrigerator and he kept the key in a safe place at night because she was on medications antipsychotic medications that had for a long time caused her to wake up in the middle of the night sometimes not even where she was awake and start eating and she couldn't be held accountable for sticking to a diet in that state she was impaired she was sometimes half asleep or maybe even sleepwalking and so that's an example of the extreme support some patients need there's no question basically the the literature and the tools and the resources that i call upon when i think about this is that are the same ones of if i'm working with an alcoholic patient and i'm trying to get them to stop using alcohol every tool that i think about and consider with those patients i think about and consider when implementing a ketogenic diet with a psychiatric patient and so there's there's not a thumbnail answer to that it's you know it's stop drinking alcohol stop eating carbs that's easy to say it's really hard for the majority of people to do and so it depends on the person and it depends on what what are the what are the biggest obstacles and what are the biggest challenges so the first thing i do is i talk to them just in a pragmatic way what happened you're not in ketosis can you help me understand why not are you still on board with this treatment plan are you giving up on the treatment plan where are we at because you're you're not in ketosis i i see that no arguing no shame no blame you're not in should i be adding more antipsychotics what do you want what do you want do you want traditional treatment because you know how that's worked out for you but i can keep doing that if that's what you really want or do you want this potentially life-changing treatment so that's all motivational interviewing everything i just said it's motivational interviewing but i'm always giving them a choice always giving them a choice i'm never saying you better stop doing you've got to do this we're done i'm never doing that i'm telling them these are your options i'm going to take my opportunity to point out i think that's a really sucky option but if that's what you want i'm happy to go along with it and then it's really doing a deep dive with the patient who are your triggers are there is there a specific family member boyfriend someone else friend who's really pushing you is it is it the holidays that throw you off is it a particular night that throws you off is it the use of alcohol that throws you off well i'm supposed to be able to drink wine on keto but every time i drink wine that's when i end up going gosh if those chips look so good and i start eating the chips and uh and that that's when i'm off why are they off well alcohol can stimulate cravings for carbohydrates and some people alcohol also reduces your cognitive function and it releases your inhibitions and so those might be periods where a person's more vulnerable to not stay with the plan and then i'm gonna have to come up with a solution with that patient are you how important is this treatment to you are you willing to give up alcohol or can we somehow find a way for you to safely use alcohol and like lock the refrigerator if we need to i like i usually i didn't recommend that the patient and her boyfriend came up with that treatment plan but um but uh you you have to come up with ideas and skills but it's a ne it's a never-ending issue once patients get about six months under their belt they're they're off to the races and i'm usually not having many of these conversations at all with them at that point but uh the first six months can be really really challenging thank you and count on me on the translation to spanish of your book awesome thank you okay so we've got we've got two minutes if we can make it really quick yeah i think we're gonna get to you sorry so you when you were presenting the data and the literature that's available you presented a case series um of two people with schizoaffective disorder that you've written up and i believe two people with schizophrenia that you've written up the impression that we are left with is that you have more than two patients with schizophrenia and two patients with schizoaffective disorder who have been successful with this approach is that part of the book that's coming out or when can we expect that in the peer-reviewed literature or can you speak to that so i'm happy to speak to that so i've published three studies so far six patients total they're all unique patients um and uh the the reality is case reports in case theories only go so far in persuading clinicians and the medical establishment and i feel like we're done i'm i personally i'm done with that there's there's more than enough we've got good robust animal models in the literature and i have very distinguished high-powered neuroscience and psychiatry leaders talking about oh my gosh this makes sense mechanisms of action we know them from epilepsy they line up perfectly to address a chronic debilitating disorder like that is all of the preparatory work for controlled trials we've got funding for three pilot trials australia ireland and stanford that are taking place they're going to be taking place they don't all have their irb approval in place yet but they've all got funding they are gung-ho about moving this forward in my mind that is the next step of this journey if those trials are positive and show a benefit the medical establishment will want a larger multi-site maybe even but at least single site but a larger more comprehensive study the family that i'm working with is prepared to fund a study in the millions of dollars for that purpose but we first have to see do we get a signal a strong signal from the pilot trials if we don't do we need to modify what they were doing why didn't it work god forbid we should have a johns hopkins outcome the the johns hopkins alzheimer's outcome we tried to recruit 60 patients and we could only get 10 to participate that kind of literature really steers the entire medical establishment away from this therapy you're proving to us that it's impossible for people to do and you're supposed to be experts in it and you were trying to do this study and you couldn't get it done well that basically tells us that this is an impossible treatment so there's no point we don't care about science anymore if it's not implementable with real human beings it's not an effective strategy so i'm hoping to move things forward thank you all thank you very much chris that was awesome

  Top Comments:
  1. @InSync3912 [18 likes]: When Dr. Chris Palmer begins to share his patients' stories, you can see the tears of kindness in his eyes and hear his voice shaking. That level of humanity has really motivated me so much more than just doing a ketogenic diet. He is really the advocate for the comprehensive approach which each and every patient needs, with love and compassion as indispensable part of it 💞
  2. @produccionesdebajosrecursos [5 likes]: I got sad to see the mister in 1:00:00 going without asking his second question which probably was the important one :c I wish Chris would have gave him a chance
  3. @diavergediabetes [2 likes]: Incredible presentation. Thank you Dr. Chris Palmer!
  4. @rosalbadelriogarcia9598 [1 likes]: ____Fast:: 16/8 eating window. Where you fast over night.
___ first meal can be at 12-2 pm and your last meal 6-8 pm.
____eat ONLY ANIMAL PRODUCTS and byproducts . Any animal preferably RED MEAT or ruminant meat. Beef, pork, lamb, chicken , turkey. Sausages, bacon, cold cuts, eggs, cheese , sour cream, cottage cheese, kefir, yogurt etc and eat only what you are willing to tolerate.
----- DRINK ONLY WATER OR BOILED TEAS , maybe coffee? 
4-6 __16 oz bottles of water.. Add a teaspoon of sea salt to one bottle and sip throughout the day.
_ for a snack when you feel like having something in your mouth you can eat cheese sticks, imitation crab meat, hard boiled eggs, beef jerky, fresh chicharron from Mexican store., plain yogurt..and ONLY if you tolerate and only so you don't  snack on other things.
__ DO A PRIMING FOR 10-15 DAYS where you eat three meals a day ONLY the FAT, MEAT, SALT AND WATER. until you are stuffed and to recognize your hunger cues... and after those 10-15 days eat only twice a day.
 Do it for 90 days and your body and brain heals and forever you will change your perception about what we learned about human nutrition. We are creatures and part of the natural environment.
#proteinLeverageHyphothesis
#WhyWeGetSick #DrBenBikman
#insulinIQ #CharlieFoundation
#metabolichealthinitiative
#MetabolicHealthSummit
#metabolickMind #metaboliclink
#DietDr #HAVA #KETOVORE
#CARNIVOREDIET #REVERO
#adaptyourlife #GAPSdiet
#CancerAsAmetabolicDisease
#DrDaleBrenesen #dimentia #DrDonaldLayman #protein
Fatty meat is the raw material your liver uses to convert cholesterol to create the #collagen your body need at a 24/7 rate perpetually.
God bless your journey.❤❤
  5. @aujax1 [1 likes]: Ive struggled with severe anxiety, depression, depersonalization disorder and more for most of my life. the KD helps immensely with these things. Better mood, lower irritability, lower blood pressure, more energy, etc
  6. @ajaybajwa5498 [1 likes]: Anyone have success with ADHD with this diet. ?
  7. @PabloVelarde1: I wonder if, after surgery for craneal aneurysm, the vasospasms, which ALWAYS start as soon as you start re-feeding, would be almeliorated by keto or at least continuing the fasting period. Any evidence on this?
  8. @anicamelaniuc6779: I was diagnosed with corticobasal syndrome, I do not see you did mention this disease. Will ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting help ? thank you doctor.
  9. @tb8987: Holy Cow, patient w question  at MM 1:08:25 asks a profound question... wish they would have let him ask the other 3 questions.
  10. @tb8987: MM 56:15 gives me hope.  We have got to look outside of just medication!
  11. @Lipolimtown: He’s a brilliant, grounded person who is looking out for a population of people who do not have a voice and do not deserve to have had their lives ripped away from them. It makes me quite emotional listening to him 56:19. 

It’s about facts though but I just don’t see Ketosis diet ALONE ameliorating the deep dark negative, cognitive and disorganized symptoms, the introversion the internalized anhedonia, the sluggishness and on and on. He’s right these symptoms are not getting any better they are only worsening. I just don’t see KETOSIS alone providing enough relief
  12. @darlatobin2240: Parasites.  Try these same studies using antiparasitic medications in each group. I bet you find the answer.  MAD COW= parasites.  Schizophrenia =parasites.  We are all mammals. Depends on where the parasites embed.  Cancer tumors = larval  egg sacs. What kills all animals and plants?  Parasites or lack of nutrition or both.
  13. @safwatabbas3616: Please don't make it as if it's allcnew discovery.
  14. @johannaschwarz9825: I would very much appreciate to obtain the slides as well as the details (When, where) of the presentation  ... need to quote him. Thanks a lot!
  15. @555Trout: I'm out because his speaking style was unlistenable.
  16. @Guitarlvr01: Well, if we know it can cure certain ailments then insurance should at least help cover a food service.
  17. @sana-cm7oc: Love Dr. Palmer. Hope for the hopeless.
  18. @jamesdrake9000: Diet and environmental toxin exposure matter. Fix both and all of our "diseases" will disappear. The end. 

Prove me wrong doc.
  19. @clarkcipryk312: I'm looking for a link to a keto diet that Palmer recommends.  Does anyone have a link to his recommended diet?  tia.
  20. @loris7964: Hi how about you look at adults is the 50.s who got Keytruda during cancer treatment and ended up in Hospital  with Td1 lets look at the new options

- Harvard Psychiatrist: The Shocking Link Between Diet and Mental Disorders | Dr. Chris Palmer: Kind: captions Language: en There is zero doubt in my mind as a clinician who works with people with treatment resistant mental illnesses that ketogenic diets can be life changing. For some people, the very first signs of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease are almost always mental illness symptoms once they become moderate and severe psychosis. Hallucinations and delusions are actually common in people with both Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease and in most psychiatric disorders and most neurodegenerative disorders. We have known for years now that these disorders are associated with impairment in autophagy. Ketogenic diet changes neurotransmitters. Ketogenic diet also improves insulin signaling and glucose regulation and mitochondrial function within brain cells. Ketogenic diet results in reduced brain inflammation. So it is not a lifetime treatment. It is a two to five year treatment to heal your brain. Most people can stop it... They appear to be recovered. They remain in remission. "Chris," I feel like a lot of people coming to the conversation today are going to be coming to it from a place of hopelessness, having tried different medications, psychotherapies, diets, lifestyle modalities. So things that are natural and within the conventional realm without a whole lot of success. So given that, let's give people the 30,000 foot view of why what you're bringing to the table today is different. I think all of those are really important points. And the reality is that we have a mental health crisis in the United States and throughout the world. -- Rates of mental disorders are skyrocketing across the nation and people are pretty desperate and hopeless. And I think --- the hope and the good news is that the science is finally, once and for all coming together in a coherent way to be able to answer... a fairly basic but foundational question. What exactly causes mental illness? And the reason our field has been so hopeless for so many millions of people is because up until now, we really have not been able to answer that question. We have not been able to connect the dots - of the biological, psychological, and social factors and figure out how they all fit together. And what I firmly believe... is that now we can begin to piece them together. And it doesn't mean we have magical answers for every human being alive. But it offers sometimes entirely new paradoxical pathways... to healing and recovery. And the great news is that I'm hearing from thousands of people who were actually just like those people you described. They had tried treatment after treatment, pill after pill, psychotherapy for years. They weren't getting better. They had given up all hope. And they are now thriving, thriving. And so it is a new day in the mental health field. All right, well, let's take it from the top. Somebody again in that hopeless... category, what do they need to do to begin? I think step one is understand the big picture. They need to understand how biological, psychological and social factors can come together... to disrupt a person's metabolism. that when your metabolic health becomes disrupted through those mechanisms sometimes that... metabolic dysfunction or dysregulation can take on a life of its own. So even in the case of, to just... play devil's advocate. So some people will say, but it's trauma. Trauma causes mental illness. And I'm not here to say trauma doesn't contribute to mental illness. And certainly trauma causes mental illness for some people. However, I don't believe trauma universally causes all mental illnesses for all people, because I know plenty of people who have mental illness, sometimes very severe ones, who have not really had a significant trauma history... And no, they haven't repressed it, they just don't have it. So some people are but Doctor "Palmer" it's trauma. And I'm like, yeah, I never said it wasn't. But understanding what the trauma is doing to the human body... is critical in understanding how to help people heal and recover from that trauma. Because you can take the person out of that traumatic environment, you can stop the trauma, and sometimes that's enough. Sometimes that's all that's needed to help a person heal and recover. But sometimes it's not. Sometimes that person appears to be... harmed, injured, vulnerable, damaged, however you want to think about it, dysregulated, that the trauma did something to the person's physiology that now has them stuck. And getting unstuck is really the key. so understanding how metabolism puts that all together... is foundational. Once people understand the big picture, then you can start to piece together... the parts of a treatment plan that are going to apply to you because everybody is unique, everybody's different. I know that probably sounds overwhelming at first because you're going to say, oh, so you're saying it's impossible to solve. Nope, I'm not saying it's about, they're fairly straightforward strategies, but you just need to understand the big picture and then put together the basic common sense strategies. All right, before we get to the strategies, let's take this example of trauma and connect it to the physiology. So somebody that has that in their past, and we're going to connect that to metabolic health, which is going to be our thesis of this whole conversation. How are those two connected? When people experience stress or trauma either one trauma in my mind is, some people really want to put it in its own category. And I don't think that's unwarranted. I'm fine with putting it in its own category. But they activate the same physiological pathways. So when somebody is severely stressed or... traumatized, or when they are... stressed chronically over long periods of time or experience kind of maybe less intense traumas, but again, over time, they just cannot. They can never get up... Every time they get up, somebody knocks them down again and they're just kind of repeatedly traumatized. - When it first happens everybody kind of knows, well, you have this stress response or the fight or flight or freeze response. Well, what is that? What is that? It is more than cortisol. It is more than adrenaline. It is actually... massive changes in metabolism. And what do I mean by that? I mean, your blood glucose starts going up, your heart rate is going up, your blood pressure is going up. Yes, hormones are changing, inflammation is going up, the immune system is reacting. All sorts of things are happening. how do I think about that? So the way I think about that... your metabolism is adapting to try to help you survive. It is giving you the fuel that you are going to need to fight or flee. that is a metabolic process. Now, when that goes on for prolonged periods of time, we have good evidence that it can result in some people call it allostasis and allostatic overload. It's kind of a technical term. The easiest way to think about it is your metabolism. More specifically, these tiny things in our cells called mitochondria. We can dive into that if you want, but just think of it as your metabolism. Mitochondria get overwhelmed, and actually because they're running on all cylinders trying to help you survive, <break time=“3.67s"/> they begin to become damaged or dysregulated. And why is that? Because they actually when it's running on all cylinders, it's kind of like running your car and putting your car in neutral, but then flooring it. And the engine can actually... become somewhat damaged or dysregulated as a result of that. Again, if it's extreme or if it occurs over prolonged periods of time. And once that happens, even if the trauma stops that dysregulation or damage to mitochondria can persist. And that leaves people vulnerable to both... mental health disorders. Which ones? Pretty much all of them. metabolic health disorders. Obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, premature mortality. So trauma increases your risk for both mental health and And it's because trauma induces changes to human let's go deeper into the mitochondria piece. Talk about what they are, where they are, and then specifically what happens when they become overwhelmed and they start to break. Mitochondria are these tiny things in our cells that most people know of as the powerhouse of the cell. And what that means is that they take food and oxygen and convert it into energy in the form of "ATP," which is kind of the energy currency of a cell. So that's kind of the high school version of mitochondria. High school biology class. They're powerhouses of the cell... They take food and oxygen and turn it into "ATP." There is no doubt that they do that, but in fact, they do so much more. --- They're actually, mitochondria are actually enormously complicated. They were actually foundational to the beginning of... multicellular life. Eukaryotic life, which is essentially all of the life forms that we can see with our eyes. Plants, animals, other things. Any living thing that you can see with your eyes is a multicellular living organism. its existence really depended on mitochondria at one point or another. So what else do mitochondria do? Mitochondria do So they actually control the synthesis of stress hormones, cortisol, estrogen, testosterone, other kinds of hormones. help regulate neurotransmitter production and release and regulation. They help control inflammation, turning it both on and off. help control the expression of genes from the cell nucleus. So they are epigenetic regulators. I could go on and on with their list of functions. So they do all of these things. And when mitochondria are producing energy, when they are revved up. --- the process by which they make "ATP" involves the flow of electrons. And these electrons actually, you can think about them kind of like -- an acidic kind of thing. That's kind of if it gets out of where if it leaks out, it could be a little damaging. And that is exactly what happens when these electrons leak out of the usual process. It -- creates what's called reactive oxygen species. And these react "ROS" and this is oxidative stress. And this is what all the antioxidants are all the rage for vitamin C, vitamin E, other blueberries. Everybody says, get your antioxidants. Why do you want antioxidants? It's to mitigate this oxidative stress. And -- so when mitochondria are being hyper stimulated, the example of a traumatic or stressful situation. Again, if it goes on for a prolonged period of time, when it's short lived the system is great. The system is highly regulated, it's highly adaptive. It helps us survive, it helps us fight and flee. It helps us do everything we need to do. So I'm not at all dissing the system. The system -- helps us survive. But when it goes on for a the mitochondria are just churning, churning, churning. Electrons begin to leak. That creates oxidative stress. And that means that oxidative stress, because they're right there, they're the first kind of victim of high levels of oxidative stress. - That oxidative stress, or acid, if you think of it that way, can actually begin to damage the mitochondria themselves. It can also damage other parts of the cell. So high levels of oxidative stress can damage any part of the cell if it gets far enough. But again, because... it's being produced right there, mitochondria are most vulnerable that effect. And then if they become damaged - then the cell can become dysregulated, if you will, the cell can become damaged, if you will. In that, and so far as some of its parts, the mitochondria, are now damaged... And this is a term usually called mitochondrial dysfunction. - And so I know that's a lot of cell biology, and I know it probably sounds like really pointless, trivial stuff and crap, but... just understanding that alone will help us develop better treatments for mental illnesses all the way from mild anxiety, "ADHD," depression, to crippling schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and other disorders. Okay, just to make sure I have this right, mitochondria become overwhelmed, they create this "ROS" which damages themselves. I just want to make the connection between the trauma and the breaking of the mitochondria. How are those specifically connected or do we know at this point? We do know. So again when you have high levels of trauma, you get high levels of cortisol, and we know that cortisol alone. researchers just recently in the last couple years did some studies where they put mitochondria in a petri dish and they just saw them churning out "ATP," doing their thing, going along, and they squirted a little bit of cortisol in and they started hyper producing "ATP." So it means that you're revving up the engine, the cortisol is revving up the engine. And again, we want that this is a good thing because it gives us energy to fight and flee and it will stimulate processes that then result in higher levels of glucose. So that because we need that glucose to go run, we need to run from whoever's traumatizing us. And -- so we need that glucose. We need the higher heart rate, we need the higher blood pressure. These are all good adaptive things in the moment. But when it goes on for a prolonged period of time, that's where this reactive oxygen species comes in. Now you're hyper stimulating these mitochondria. They're running on overtime. They're trying their best to keep up, but electrons start leaking out. They're still being told, keep going, keep going, don't slow down, don't recover, don't try to repair yourselves, don't stop. We're --- fighting for our life. We are fighting for our life. You've got to keep going, keep pushing, keep pushing, keep pushing. And the mitochondria are doing their thing. They're trying to save our lives. They're trying -- to do their share. But they start getting exhausted, so to speak. If you will forgive, the scientists will recoil at these kind of analogies and euphemisms and other things I'm using, I'm trying to make this understandable, and that is really understandable. Think of mitochondria as an engine. You're revving the engine, you're revving it. You're revving it too hard, you're pushing it too hard. You're not giving it a chance to recover, you're not giving it a chance to cool down. And acid starts leaking out. And now the acid is now damaging the very engine that's trying to save your life... And that is again, when it comes to mitochondria, we can loosely refer to it as mitochondrial dysfunction. And now the very engines that are trying to save us, trying to give us enough energy to fight for our lives, are becoming damaged and dysregulated. Okay, we're going to eventually connect this to the brain. But just to recap what you said there, I finally have the connection. We have the trauma. Cortisol leads to the overactive mitochondria, "ROS" damaging the mitochondria. So that's the trauma piece. But let's talk about some of the other pillars that lead to this damage to the mitochondria. And then again, we'll move into what that means in the brain. Okay. The unfortunate news is that there are lots of biological, psychological and social factors that play a role in mitochondrial function or metabolism. some of the basic ones... are diet or nutrition. But this includes vitamin deficiencies, nutrient deficiencies can, because mitochondria need a lot of the vitamins and nutrients that we've heard of are actually critical to mitochondrial function. It's actually mind boggling how much of what we consume flows through mitochondria. The calories that we're consuming are all flowing for the most part. Most of them, I shouldn't say all. Most of them are flowing through mitochondria. -- So that means all the different nutrients, the carbohydrates, the protein, the fats, -- they're flowing through mitochondria. <break time=“3.45s"/> But a lot of the vitamins, vitamin B12, folate, other things are required. They are required for - Exercise directly impacts mitochondrial function. Sleep Sleep does a lot more than that. obviously all of these things do more than just specific to mitochondria. But mitochondria are actually kind of the unifying link of biological, psychological, and social factors. Light exposure, circadian rhythms, drug and alcohol use, toxin exposure, whether it's microplastics, whether it's arsenic or cyanide, all of these... are mitochondrial toxins. so a wide range of things. Infections. It's probably important to mention infections because that gets into how would long "COVID" cause a mental illness? A lot of people would think, well, that has nothing to do with metabolism... And what I would say is that has everything to do with metabolism, that the infection itself is causing mitochondrial dysfunction. And that is why --- some people who don't get the mitochondrial dysfunction can fight off an infection and live happily ever after and never have any serious symptoms of a mental illness. But people who maybe are vulnerable, maybe because of childhood trauma or a poor diet or some other things, people who are vulnerable, they get an infection with "COVID" for example, and they might get pushed over the edge, they might get pushed over the edge with mitochondrial dysfunction because their mitochondria were kind of a little vulnerable anyway. And now there's yet another assault on them. And that pushes people over the edge. And then unfortunately, even after you've fought off the virus, you may have symptoms for months or sometimes years later. And... we kind of talked about stress trauma. There are lots of other psychological, social factors that influence it. But the easiest way to think about most of the psychological and social factors is through... stress pathways and trauma pathways that they all converge in that way. But it's all of the usual things. So if you're being bullied and teased relentlessly on the playground, yes, that's stress or trauma. If you're lonely, nobody pays attention to you. That is traumatic or stressful for a lot of people and, and on and on and on, so yeah. Okay, I can see how stress trauma acts on the mitochondria. You brought in nutrient deficiencies and how we need certain nutrients for those to work properly. When it comes to the other factors, how many of those relate to the "ROS" and the damaging of the mitochondria that way? -- Ultimately it's a really -- good question. I think most... of the scientists who think about -- mitochondrial dysfunction think about it in terms of "ROS" and oxidative stress. ---- But in fact, as I said earlier, mitochondria are extraordinarily complicated and they do so much more than just create energy... than just flow electrons. They actually are going around cells and again, sending, they are one of the primary regulators of calcium in cells, for example, and that's a really important cell signal. - They're primary regulators of inflammation, they are regulating gene expression. And all of those things are happening through a lot of complex different mechanisms and pathways. Fascinatingly, mitochondria can change their shape. Usually, when you see them, you see them as a little oval, like a bean shaped organelle or something. But they actually... can... become... long strings almost. They can fuse with each other. They can actually form... complex networks, take different shapes and stuff. And although that may seem random, shockingly the different shapes that they take at different times during cell development directly influence which genes get expressed and that ultimately influences what that cell becomes... So mitochondria play a role in neurodevelopment is what I'm saying, and development of -- all cells. - But they are playing a role. we know that all those factors, those biopsychosocial factors are influencing mitochondria. We know that they are influencing metabolism and mental health. But... the precise mechanisms, like is it all "ROS?" We really... actually don't know. And I suspect it is not at all as simple as just "ROS," that it's actually probably some of these other complex mechanisms. -- When you do this to mitochondria, it changes the gene expression in the cell. And when you do that to mitochondria, it does something different. At the end of the day, there's this big complicated black box, so to speak. you're saying biopsychosocial affects metabolism and mitochondria, and that's kind of this complicated black box in a way, if you will. We actually don't need to know the details of that complicated black box because the solutions don't require us to understand the details of that. The solutions sometimes again, can be counterintuitive can be paradoxical even. But the solutions can help people heal and recover, and we can help people reset their mitochondrial health or reset their metabolic health by some basic strategies... And that can help people... with mental illnesses. We're going to get there real soon, but I think it's important we talk about the connection of the mitochondria to the brain first and the physiology there. So now we know there's these different factors that come into play. They cause the "ROS" and -- damage the mitochondria, they're not performing as well. How does that link to mental illness? So at the end of the day, all of the cells in our body... require the appropriate amount of energy and appropriate regulation of their function. So energy and regulation of function, whether it's a muscle cell that's contracting or whether it's a brain cell that's supposed to be firing and helping us remember something, or a different brain cell that helps us move our arm, or a different brain cell that triggers an emotion. all of those cells depend on energy and mitochondria to regulate what they are supposed to be doing. when mitochondria become... dysfunctional or dysregulated it means that the cells in our brain and body can become dysfunctional or dysregulated. And that can result in symptoms that we might call mental illness. It can also result in symptoms that we might call neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease or Alzheimer's disease or seizures. -- But when other brain regions are impacted maybe to a lesser extent, it can result in crippling depression or panic attacks or auditory hallucinations or delusions. One thing that's really interesting when it comes to the brain versus the rest of the body... is that the brain can't use fatty acids, or at least not to a great extent... as an energy source. So when we start to have metabolic complications and we can't use glucose as a fuel as efficiently unlike the rest of the body, the brain can't use the fatty acids to fuel. But it can use something derived from those fatty acids called ketones. Exactly. Talk about that piece. So the body actually has this really kind of elaborate and sophisticated rescue fuel system in place. And it was probably the obvious reason for it. When it comes to why do our bodies do this? - We're really just guessing, but you look at evolution or you look at survival and try to figure it out. And try to piece it together and try to at least make sense of it. So that's what I'm doing right now is I'm just trying to piece together how does this work or why would this happen, or why would our bodies even have this feature? The most obvious reason for this feature is drought or famine. So when we go without food, we need a rescue fuel source. And that means we need to start tapping into fat stores. And if we don't have fat stores, we need to start... making other fuel sources. And we can actually make glucose from our muscle. But one of the primary parts of this rescue fuel system are these ketones. And this happens primarily in our liver. So when -- when you are fasting or starving or on a fasting mimicking diet, also known as a ketogenic diet, and there are other kinds of fasting mimicking diets, but -- when you're in any of those states your liver actually starts taking... fatty acids and mobilizing them. -- So your whole body your adipose cells, your fat cells are actually starting to release -- this whole orchestrated event and it really is about survival. Your whole body all of the cells and tissues in your body are okay, let's go, let's try to save this person. -- We're not going, we're not going to die yet. Even if we don't have food, we know how to do this, we know how to survive. So your fat cells will say, okay, we're ready, we're going to start releasing some fat. The liver cells will take -- that fat and break some of it up and release it as fatty acids, which can be used by muscle tissue and some other organs. But as you said, fatty acids have trouble getting into the brain. So what the liver is also doing is creating these molecules from those fatty acids called ketone bodies. And ketone bodies can cross the blood brain barrier and then fuel neurons. And ketone bodies are the rescue fuel source. When our bodies can't use... glucose efficiently or when glucose levels are too low, then your body actually creates ketone bodies to try to save the day, to keep the brain running on some type of a fuel source. And those ketones end up having... tremendous, yeah, it gets super complicated. It's more that they are so much more than just a rescue fuel source. They're doing all sorts of things to help heal the body and to help the organism adapt to adversity. Well, let's connect them to the mitochondria, which has been a big part of our conversation to this point. How do they go about using ketones? ketones begin in mitochondria. Mitochondria are actually in the liver. So the mitochondria and your liver cells are the ones taking these fatty acids and turning them into ketones. So it's mitochondria in the liver that are producing these ketone bodies. And then the ketone bodies travel up to the brain. And what is their destination in the brain cells? It is mitochondria in the brain cells that is the destination... So it's actually ketones, if you want to think about them this way, they are a signal from mitochondria and one type of cell to mitochondria in another cell. <break time=“3.36s"/> And what they do at the mitochondria in the other cell. So the primary thing that most people focus on is they are a fuel source... So when glucose has trouble getting into the cell, or if your mitochondria are dysfunctional and have trouble using glucose effectively. Magically, somehow or another, I think for these evolutionary adaptive reasons, they can oftentimes use ketones as a fuel source, even when they had trouble using glucose as a fuel source. And so the way I think about it is that... in a maladaptive state, these brain cells begin to struggle, and they may only have 80%, 70% of the "ATP" that they actually need to be running on all cylinders. So this cell is now becoming compromised. It's not dead. It's on its path toward death. If something doesn't change and the body senses this, when that happens, that cell starts sending out distress signals, and those distress signals actually cause inflammation and all sorts of other things to happen. That cell is distressed and it is crying out for help, It's sending signals that are crying out for help. And again, lots of things begin to happen. But one of the things is those signals make it somehow to the liver and tell the liver mitochondria, hey, yo, we need some, "haha," we need -- a rescue fuel source up here right away, send it now. We're struggling. And so the ketones go up, they get into that cell, the mitochondria can use those ketones to produce "ATP." And now the cell starts coming back online and functioning properly again. Let's bring insulin resistance into this, and this fits into everything we've been talking about. We're just bringing it in and addressing the elephant in the room. Basically, what we've been talking about to this point is damage to the mitochondria. But let's take it from the aspect now of increased blood glucose over time, increased insulin, somebody becoming insulin resistant on their way to diabetes, and then over time, the brain not taking in the glucose. So you have the broken mitochondria, and then you can also have insulin resistance where those cells in the brain aren't taking the glucose in... because of a signaling problem with insulin in the brain. So, interestingly, that story gets even more complicated than what you just said, unfortunately. -- And so unbeknownst to a lot of people, insulin plays a profound role in brain function, but it's actually not the same... role that it plays in the rest of the body... So usually in the rest of the body, insulin - attaches to an insulin receptor, and then that allows glucose to flow into the cell. And a lot of people think about it as a lock and key. Like the insulin receptor is the lock. Insulin is You unlock it, and then the door opens up and allows some glucose to go in. And that's kind of what happens in muscle cells and other cells, liver cells, and lots of other cells. In the brain it's actually somewhat different. <break time=“2.47s"/> Most brain cells don't actually require insulin to allow glucose to get in. insulin is still critical to their function, and it appears to be mostly critical to mitochondrial function. So the way to think about insulin in the brain is probably more like a neurotransmitter or a metabolic kind of hormone in the brain. But nonetheless, the bottom line is insulin resistance in the brain still results in mitochondria not being able to use glucose effectively as a fuel source. That's the bottom line, that when you have insulin resistance in the brain or when you have impaired insulin signaling, that's what some of the scientists will say whatever you want to call it, when that happens brain cells have less "ATP." -- That's the bottom line. Brain cells will have less "ATP" because they are... unable to effectively use glucose. And so ketones in that situation can also come to save the day. if your brain cells are struggling, they don't have enough "ATP," they're not using glucose effectively for some reason, maybe because of the insulin problem. ketones can still begin to rescue some of those cells and help them function more normally. Okay, just so I'm clear. So the lock and key, the way I explained it, is how insulin and glucose work in the rest of the body. In the brain differently, though. Yes. But insulin's still important for metabolism in the cell and to the mitochondria. 100% everything you just said was spot on. because the way I understood it from a previous guest, Doctor "Mary Newport," who was just recently on that the blood brain barrier and the cell in the brain required that lock and key mechanism to get glucose in. And there was those two different barriers... that could prevent it from metabolizing that fuel. The blood brain barrier. That is somewhat true. That the blood brain barrier does only allow a certain amount of -- glucose in... once you get to neurons for the most part, my understanding, and I could be wrong, I'm open to being corrected. - But my understanding is that neurons, for the most part, even neurons that are very sensitive to insulin and dependent on insulin action, most neurons do not require insulin to actually allow glucose to get in for the glucose transporters to allow glucose into the cell. And the way that I think about that is - neurons are special. There is no doubt neurons are very special... They are more special than any other cell. I'm going to say maybe there are some exceptions, but they are more special than almost all other cells in the human body. It's because neurons in the brain, for example are permanent. You get one type of neuron, and that neuron is supposed to last you your whole life. Your whole life. And once they die, there are a few that might be able to be replaced through neuroplasticity and some stuff, for the most part, once neurons die, they die, they're dead, they're gone. And that's why stroke victims have permanent deficits. That's why disorders like Parkinson's disease are so difficult to treat right now. Disorders like Alzheimer's disease, severe Alzheimer's disease, we often cannot reverse it. And why not? Because the neurons are dead. And it's -- not easy to get new neurons. Most of the other cells in the body, liver cells, heart cells, other muscle cells, kidney cells, - cells in your gonads, skin cells, they can all be replaced... They die all the time. They're constantly dying and turning over, and new ones are taking their place and that's the pattern. So the reason -- again, I'm just kind of going to this evolutionary speculation about, so why would brain cells be different? Brain cells are different because they cannot be bothered by the they cannot be bothered by the lack of glucose. You cannot they basically have said, --- we are not going to become dead due to glucose not being able to get into the cell... it's really about glucose not being fully utilized by the cell, and almost always that ends up being due to mitochondrial dysfunction. When the mitochondria are dysfunctional, they are the ones that are supposed to be using the glucose, and then they can't use the glucose effectively. A minute ago, you brought up something important I want to highlight... the connection here between... mental health and conditions like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's, dementia, where the difference we're talking about metabolic health with both of these in the brain, is that with mental health issues there is a decrease of energy And then with these other conditions like Alzheimer's, and you brought stroke in as well, there's actually a decrease of energy that leads to death of cells irreversible... changes in the brain versus the mental health. And what we're all going to be getting to here, the fact that we can take these lifestyle changes, provide that energy to the cells in the brain, they're still there. They wake up... and there's a lot of hope with treating these conditions. 100%. Everything you just said is true. And -- if I could go further, just to connect some of these dots, because if anybody's a little lost or if anybody's feeling skeptical, you can't say that mental illness is related to Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. You don't know what you're talking about. For those who don't know the very, very first signs of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease are almost always symptoms. So, yes, for Alzheimer's disease, memory impairment is almost always going to be... involved, because we're usually not going to even consider calling it Alzheimer's disease unless there is some degree of memory impairment. So that becomes kind of circular logic that if there's no memory impairment, we're not going to call it Alzheimer's. But for the majority of people with Alzheimer's, some of the other first symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, in addition to that mild memory impairment are depression, anxiety, panic attacks, obsessions, compulsions, insomnia. once those illnesses get going. Once they become... psychosis, hallucinations and delusions are actually quite common in people with both Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. So... it's actually this thinking about it through a metabolic lens actually helps us understand all of that. It helps us connect so many dots that we have not been able to connect. So it's not a serotonin problem per se, it's not a dopamine problem per se, it's a metabolic problem that, yes, can result in dysregulation of serotonin or dopamine. But we usually don't think of Alzheimer's disease as a serotonin problem and we usually don't think of Alzheimer's disease as a dopamine problem. It is a metabolic problem, it is a neurodegenerative problem. And that's the way we need to start thinking about mental illnesses, all the way from anxiety disorders psychotic disorders. I like where this is going. We've started out talking about mental health, now we've brought it into this dementia realm and we could even further take this into things like cardiovascular health, cancer, diabetes. The good news in all this is that when we start to pull the levers, fix our metabolic health, it's going to impact the brain and the rest of the body. And arguably when you get to the root of this metabolic health thing, it impacts all chronic disease, which is just so exciting because... knowing that, it's not like we need to come up with different tools and tactics for all these different diseases and problems in the body. It's like, no, there's one... encompassing lever that we can pull and have such a great impact. We could say it's one lever in terms of metabolic health or mitochondrial health. And that is absolutely true. But then you could go a step before that and talk about all of these biopsychosocial levers, which there are lots of biological factors and psychological and social things and at the end of the day, many of them distill to this kind of field that we call lifestyle medicine. So diet, nutrition, sleep, exercise, managing substance use or reducing it, stress reduction and relationships or purpose in life, those are the six pillars of lifestyle medicine. And by no means do I want. For a lot of people who have mild metabolic problems, - maybe they're overweight, or maybe they have pre diabetes, or maybe they have high blood pressure, or maybe they have mild anxiety or depression or "ADHD." Those lifestyle basic interventions can actually change people's lives, just those alone. By no means do I want anyone to come away from this conversation saying that "Chris Palmer" said that if everybody just followed a healthy diet and exercised, they would get rid of schizophrenia. That's not what I'm saying. Schizophrenia is a severe, life threatening, devastating disorder and metabolic treatment strategies can absolutely play a role. And I'm hearing from hundreds of people who are reversing their schizophrenia. That's kind of a new term. We're not supposed to be talking about reversing schizophrenia, but people are reversing it. That means they are going into remission, sometimes off antipsychotics. So is that possible? Yes, it is. it's not always as simple as follow a healthy diet and do a little exercise and everything will be fine. It can get more complicated than that. I'm on the same page. What I meant by one lever is this metabolic health piece, the mitochondria. And then we have the diet and lifestyle that are different mini levers under that umbrella. Absolutely, absolutely. one question we need to answer now that we've brought in all these different aspects into it. How come for different people, different things break, whether it be the brain, cardiovascular system, cancer, since we have one root cause being metabolic dysfunction and problems of the mitochondria. - That's one of the million dollar questions. to be honest with you, - I think for some of the skeptics that's the, that is really the question for them. the way that I think about it. So let me just, before I answer that, let me just take a step back. Since I'm talking about skeptics and people who maybe don't get it, or people who don't believe it. Let me just step back and say we actually have decades and decades of scientific evidence to support everything that we're talking about right now. So do we have evidence that "ATP" levels are reduced in people with high blood pressure, do their blood vessels actually have higher levels of oxidative stress? Do their blood vessels actually, the cells that line their blood vessels, do they have lower levels of "ATP?" Yes. In somebody who has fatty liver disease, do their liver cells actually have oxidative stress, lower levels, "ATP?" Yes. Do people with obesity have lower levels of "ATP?" a shocking paradox to a lot of people. Obese people, people who have all of these extra calories on their body have lower levels of "ATP" in their cells? Do people with schizophrenia, do their brain cells lower levels of "ATP?" Yes. Do people with bipolar disorder have these. With bipolar disorder, it gets a little more complicated because it depends on what phase of bipolar disorder they have. So it's about dysregulation of this "ATP" levels. And what I mean by that is that when they get manic. When they have too much energy, we actually see exactly that in the cells, that their cells are actually hyperactive and they actually do have probably too much "ATP." They are on overdrive, they're not slowing down, they're not following normal circadian rhythms to slow down. And so you get dysregulated. You can get dysregulation in either overactivity or under activity. -- But to answer your question, so how do I think about why would one person have high blood pressure and another person have schizophrenia and another person have obesity? If I'm saying they're all metabolic? Well, number one, it really depends on which cells in the body and which organs are affected. - Because not all of the cells in your body are affected equally. What -- helps regulate different cells? Well, lots of different factors. Hormones, neurotransmitters, other things, other signaling pathways. All of those hormones, neurotransmitters, signaling pathways, are actually designed to stimulate or inhibit some types of cells and not others. that metabolism is... this kind of complex patchwork of cells firing and other cells slowing down. So to help you understand, to put a little context to that, if that's confusing, is that we have this sympathetic nervous system, which is the fight or flight thing, and we have the parasympathetic nervous system, which is the rest and digest system. Some people call it that. They actually kind of do the opposite things. And that's a great example of some cells and tissues being activated or stimulated metabolically and other cells and tissues being inhibited. So the parasympathetic nervous system will slow your heart rate down. The sympathetic nervous system will speed your heart rate up. And what that means is if you were actually measuring "ATP" levels in the heart cell, it'll be commensurate. And when your heart rate's going up and your heart is pumping more forcefully, "ATP" levels are going up. And actually it's the "ATP" levels going up that's allowing your heart to do all of that. And when the parasympathetic system is trying to slow your heart rate -- and relax it, it's actually relaxing the metabolic rate at the same time. And so yeah, let me shut up and ask, do you think I addressed the question or... happy to -- elaborate if you need. Good. Okay, good. No, it's great. Let's come back to the mitochondria specifically. we know that they're damaged by the "ROS" that they're producing when it comes to regaining our metabolic health what is the goal there? Once they're damaged, can we repair those? Are we just making new ones? Let's talk about that physiology and what our end goal is in that realm. The body actually has this very sophisticated, elegant system to get rid of old... or damaged cell parts and cells and replace them with new ones. And some people, one term that a lot of people will use to describe that process is called autophagy. it's the process by which -- your cells actually know how to identify which proteins or organelles or other parts of this cell are damaged or old, and we need to get rid of them. And when they get rid of them, what does that mean? It means they -- shuttle them to lysosomes, the lysosomes degrade these things, and then they reuse all the parts like the cell is. The body is very frugal... because you never know when you might have a drought or famine. So it doesn't just... dispose of them and you pee them out or poop them out. It actually recycles them. It breaks it down into their component parts -- of carbohydrates or fatty molecules amino acids, and then it reuses them. And so mitochondria undergo a similar process. So there's this subset of autophagy called mitophagy, in which old and defective mitochondria, or mitochondria that are dysfunctional, can be shuttled to lysosomes and... degraded and recycled... There are some other mechanisms through which mitochondria can be actually be removed from neurons in particular, and other cells. <break time=“3.15s"/> Immune cells, for example, can actually connect themselves to... neurons, for example. There are these things called microglia, and they can connect themselves to neurons, and they actually can take on some of these old, damaged mitochondria and kind of serve as the waste disposal factory themselves so that the neuron doesn't have to be bothered with disposing of old and defective mitochondria. There are other cells that can actually do some of this work for the neuron. But at the end of the day, it's all about mitophagy. And then you need new mitochondria to take their place. And that is a process called mitochondrial biogenesis. So, essentially, when your cells begin developing mitochondrial dysfunction. The path to healing is to stimulate processes ---- that will identify those dysfunctional mitochondria. Because you don't want to get rid of the healthy mitochondria, so you want to leave them alone. But again, the body amazingly, knows how to do this on its own. It can identify the - dysfunctional mitochondria, get rid of them, dispose of them, and now the cell no longer has as many and so the cell can make new mitochondria to take their place. And now the cell has done what we might call a refresh. -- Get a cleanse, if you will. Let's cleanse the old mitochondria, the dysfunctional mitochondria, -- and let's replace them with new ones. And how do we support the body in doing that? - Autophagy is something that should be happening routinely because cell parts are always becoming damaged or old... we certainly need a low level of autophagy at all times. - And in fact, in most psychiatric disorders and most neurodegenerative disorders, just sticking with the brain. We known for years now... that these disorders are associated So one of the other way, one of the primary ways to support this process through fasting and fasting mimicking diets. ----- And I actually think this is probably one of the reasons why has been used for millennia in just about every culture on earth as a healing practice. Most religions use fasting. - So fasting has been around for a long time. for a long time, I think most modern people thought that it was all just crazy talk or even dangerous kind of stuff oh, they're starving people. Some people equate those two terms. They're not at all equatable. Going without food is normal. You should not be eating all night every minute of every night. - So going without food is called fasting. So all of us should fast. Obviously, there's a certain timeline, and if you fast for too long, then at some point it tips over into what we call starvation, and that is no longer healthy or good. And it is dangerous and you can die from that, actually. I actually think that's the reason fasting's been around for so long is because it supports this... cleansing process. It supports this process of let's get rid of any old and defective cells or cell parts. So this can apply after you've had an infection. And infections have been around for millennia. So people would get sick, thousand years ago, and they might get sick from an infection. And so you may wonder why would fasting be helpful for that? Well, if... some cells became dysfunctional due to that infection then fasting actually might stimulate a healing process to help that person heal and recover. Now, at some point, you do have to reintroduce calories, because you don't -- just want to get rid of old cell parts. At some point, you need to start replacing them with new cell parts. And that means the cells need fuel, they need more fuel, and... they will get that fuel. Ironic, or interestingly, I'm saying that a lot, but interestingly, <break time=“4.71s"/> when people are fasting. So their cells are recycling all sorts of old damaged parts. It's not just mitochondria. It's misfolded proteins. tangled plaques and tangles those Alzheimer's things. Plaques and tangles start getting recycled. The cell starts clearing those out. Why, because it needs fuel. -- It needs fuel and it starts eating anything that it needs... Usually when a cell is in -- a fasting state, it actually has processes in place to inhibit the production of new proteins and new membranes and other things because the cell recognizes, whoa, it's famine time. - We can't be producing new parts, don't have enough fuel for that. Let's just go into survival mode. But the fascinating thing is new mitochondria are often produced in that state. So the cell actually prioritizes the production of more mitochondria. we really don't have a clear answer of why would the cell do that. My speculation is because mitochondria are going to save the day. Mitochondria are going to send the right signals... because they're doing so much more. They're helping that cell adaptation. They're changing gene expression, they're regulating calcium levels, they're regulating hormones. And so when the cell is really stressed. What does the cell do? It says, let's make more mitochondria to help save the day. We need more troops, so to speak. Okay, in a practical sense, because there are so many different types of fasts, different lengths. Are we talking about an overnight fast here? We could go all the way to a 40 day water fast. There's dry fasting. How does somebody know... what type and how far to push it to get these benefits? That's a really important there's not a one size fits all answer for that. Let me just be clear. So first and foremost, I would say there are some people who absolutely, unequivocally, should not fast - for their health. Who would that be?.. People who are already starving to death and emaciated. So that would include somebody with anorexia nervosa. That might include somebody with severe cancer who's just gone through radiation and chemo and is now emaciated, has lost a ton of weight. Those people should not be fasting. Now we can talk about fasting mimicking diets so that they can get some of these benefits. But they need calories. - They should not be going without calories. The other group that I'll put in there, who should not be fasting as a rule of thumb, at least not for would be growing children who are at least normal weight. So if a child is really obese, then maybe some fasting could be helpful if the child is interested in doing that. <break time=“3.76s"/> Normal weight growing children should not be going without calories for prolonged periods of time. And I would say pregnant women should not be going without calories So they are trying to produce and grow a brand new human being. And that takes a lot of calories and resources and energy and every nutrients and all sorts of stuff. if women start fasting during pregnancy, and we actually have good data from this, from the famine studies of populations. - That when women go without calories for prolonged periods of time while they're pregnant, that can have very severe adverse effects on their... children. So those are the categories that I would say should not be fasting at all. And then to answer your question, so who should do fasting? How long? It really depends. Are we talking about somebody who weighs 600 pounds, who is severely ill but also has a tremendous calorie surplus on their body ready to be tapped into? Well, that person, I might actually be okay with that person. If they want to do a prolonged fast for 7 days, 14 days, 21 days, I would not recommend a dry fast myself. That can be dangerous, actually. So I would recommend a water fast. - But if that person wants to do a water fast especially if they can get medical supervision to just make sure they're going to be okay through all of that. Yes, and I sometimes do that with some of my patients who are really overweight and potentially diabetic and really could use... some rapid improvement. And you can actually see very rapid improvement with that model. But other people, it's going to be more complicated. Again, so it's really about walking the line between therapeutic fasting, which has benefits and has healing potential, and if you push the boundary too much, you end up in what's called starvation. And starvation is life threatening and very dangerous. And so you just have to know where that line is. And it's different for different people depending on those factors that I just outlined. What about yourself, somebody who's normal weight understands the importance of mitochondrial health. Do you have a certain practice that you're doing weekly, daily, monthly help keep those mitochondria healthy? I definitely... implement some type of intermittent fasting. I'm not on a schedule. But -- just a few days ago, it was more because I was so busy with work, I just didn't eat. it really started, I had not planned to fast that day. I had, but I was just busy. And I'm like, well, I don't have time, I'm not too hungry. And then -- as the day went on and lunchtime came and I realized, wait, I don't know if I have time for lunch. I actually thought, oh, this will be a good day to fast. I'll just -- throw in fast, call it, and I'll make lemonade out of lemons. Of a busy work schedule that doesn't allow me time to eat. - Do I do it regularly? I do kind of, I definitely skip meals. Skipping breakfast, skipping lunch are easier for me. It's harder for me to skip dinner. When I skip dinner, I sometimes have trouble sleeping. Honestly, I get a little revved up from the fast. I personally tend not to skip dinner. I think for people who can sleep well and skip dinner, skipping dinner is probably more therapeutic because then you go through the whole night and you get a longer window of a fast in. So I think that's more therapeutic. I think I'm just one of those people who's kind of sensitive to it. I usually don't because I like my sleep. So we know there's mitophagy, where different parts of old mitochondria are being recycled and reused. We know we can make new mitochondria, including using those parts. Is there any such a thing as building bigger mitochondria, increasing the density of mitochondria within a cell, doing some of this that we're talking about create a more robust body metabolically? Yeah, well, 100%, the clearest example. So mitochondrial density, for example, how many mitochondria are in a cell? The rule of thumb is that the more mitochondria, the more healthy mitochondria, I should say, that are in a cell, the more resilient that cell will be, the more capacity and endurance that cell will have. And do we have any evidence for that? We have an abundance of evidence for that. And it's called athletes. So athletes - athletes kind of... sometimes, taking apart all of the talent and balance and different types of body strength that you might need and everything else. So all of that matters, and size matters because super tall people usually are not gymnasts because they just can't contort their body in those ways or whatever. So yes, they're all. But there are two kind of buckets for athletes. And one is larger muscles that allow for more power, and the other is muscles that allow for endurance. And the muscles that allow for endurance are usually not that much bigger. Sometimes they're smaller even. And the clear example of this are marathon runners. So marathon runners, when you look at a marathon runner, if you meet them, they actually don't usually look like a big, tough athlete. They can just look like an everyday "Joe." Even if they can run a hundred miles without stopping they don't look that much different. It's because their muscles aren't much bigger. So what makes their muscle different than my muscles? Because I can't run that far. I can't run that far without stopping. So what makes their muscles different than my muscle? One and only one thing, the number of mitochondria in their muscle cells... So if you took a biopsy of their muscles, their muscle cells would have abundant mitochondria just all packed together. And if you took a biopsy of my muscle cell, it would have fewer mitochondria, they would be more spaced out. I think, ---- does the same thing occur in the brain? I'm not aware of whether we have clear, compelling evidence for that, but I suspect it does occur with liver cells. For example, we know that... when liver cells have more mitochondria, are healthier, function better, that liver is healthier, less likely to have fat, a fatty liver. The other clear example, uncontrovertible are fat cells. So we have three different types of fat cells, probably more, but I'll put them into three buckets. White fat, brown fat, and beige. as most people know, brown fat is kind of good for you, white fat is bad for you, and beige fat is kind of in between. And what makes fat cells white, brown, or beige?.. It's the number of mitochondria in the fat cell. Brown fat has a lot more mitochondria. White fat has fewer mitochondria. And oftentimes those mitochondria are somewhat dysfunctional. In obese people in particular, they have even fewer mitochondria. And the mitochondria are in fact dysfunctional. And what we think is happening is that their mitochondria become so dysfunctional or impaired that they can't release the fat from the cell. That is why they are stuck with fat on their body, is that their fat cells are impaired. They can't function properly, because one of the functions of fat cells is to store fat... But an equally critically important function of a fat cell is to release that fat. And mitochondria are instrumental in that process. Mitochondria are doing a lot of the work to release that fat from that cell. -- So if mitochondria are dysfunctional, -- the fat becomes trapped. then people just develop obesity and it just grows and grows and shows no stopping it. At this point, let's get really practical. Take everything we've been talking about and give people the playbook. And for an example here, we'll use mild anxiety or depression, somebody that's not suicidal, but they've been tuned into this point, they're intrigued, they want to give this a go. What does that look like, diet and lifestyle wise?.. And then how long should it take before they notice the difference? So again, there really is not a one size fits all solution. And why do I say that? Because everybody's different. And that means everybody has different biopsychosocial factors contributing to their anxiety. So anxiety by no means is caused by one and only one thing, although anxiety disorder. even in this case, anxiety can be normal. So if you're being bullied and teased every day, you're going to be anxious. That's not a disorder. Changing your metabolism should not change that. - The process of being bullied and teased every day is going to make you anxious. It should make you anxious. the solution is to somehow get the bullies to stop bullying you. But if you have an anxiety disorder where you're anxious for no good reason or you're hyper anxious, you're just more sensitive than everybody else to anxiety, then I would say you probably do have a dysregulation of your anxiety pathways in your brain, and that does relate to metabolism... you could get better. So what could be causing that? Again, lots of things. You could have low iron could cause that. And that's really particularly relevant for women who are menstruating because at least probably 10% of women in the United States have iron deficiency because of that. for them it might be check your iron levels and get some iron. For other people, it might be low thyroid hormones. So there are lots of reasons. But I'm gonna -- be a good sport and give you a one size fits all kind of package or a starter package for you have anxiety, you don't know why. You're a typical American. Let me start with that. So what do I want you to do? Step one, I want you to clean up your diet. You're probably eating a lot of ultra processed foods. 60 to 70% of the foods consumed in the United States are ultra processed foods. They are not good for you, they're not good for your brain, they're not good for your anxiety. So clean that up, try to eat real whole foods. Second thing, if you're a typical American adult, about 33% of American adults are not getting adequate sleep. If you're a teenager, if you're a college student, you're probably in that category as well. Maybe even higher rates. If you're a college student, you're probably not getting adequate sleep. I want you to get adequate sleep. Let's go for eight hours. Eight hours of uninterrupted sleep every night. Ideally... around the same time every night. So ideally, going to bed around the same time, waking up around the same time. - I'm a huge fan of light in the morning. So I would get some light in the morning, go out for a walk, open up the window. If you live in a place like Boston and it's the middle of winter like I do, then maybe get a bright light at your desk or something, but get some light in the morning. - If you're not exercising, add some exercise to your regimen. If you're already exercising. I actually find that adding more exercise usually doesn't help. If you're already doing the exercise, you're doing it. Don't worry about changing that up more. -- And I don't want people exercising excessively because that's really stressful on the body, and it's just really stressful to you. So you don't want to do that. But if you're a couch potato... and you really don't exercise at all, try to move your body. It could be as simple as just get outside. You know that morning light that you're trying to get, go outside and take a walk around the block, maybe even pick up the pace and do a little brisk walk. Or if you think you're up for it, maybe a little jog. Even if you have to stop every now and then and catch your breath. Do a little jog walk. Do a little jog, walk... If you're using a lot of substances alcohol and marijuana in particular. I know this is gonna break everyone's hearts. I know other people are gonna yell at wherever you are right now as you're listening to this, watching this, you're gonna yell at the screen or at the whatever, I want you to back off on the alcohol and the marijuana. Now, the reason, I know I say people might yell at me for that is because I already can hear them. They're saying, but, Doctor "Palmer," alcohol and marijuana help my anxiety. They help it. And I don't doubt that for a second. They help it in the short run and they make it worse in the long run... And we have abundant data to support that. So that is challenging. If you're hooked on marijuana because of your anxiety now, you're kind of stuck in a difficult place. And -- I'm going to encourage you to try to get off that marijuana in order to treat your anxiety. But here's the caveat. It means your anxiety is going to get worse before it gets better, because you're going to go through marijuana withdrawal. It's going to be hard to get off of it. Your anxiety will get worse before it gets better... But if you actually want to heal and recover, you're going to need to get off the marijuana. If you do not have friends and relationships, family, if you feel lonely a lot. If you feel empty. If you feel bored. If any of those things apply to you more than two or three times a week. If you feel lonely, empty, or bored more than two or three times a week. I want you to try to do something about that. Call a friend. Yes, I just said call. I didn't say text, I said call. -- Actually bother them and dial their phone number and then talk, actually open your mouth and let words come out and talk to them. Because texting usually is not a very good antidote to loneliness and emptiness. Maybe boredom, but it's not a very good antidote to loneliness and emptiness. Whereas talking to people and having a real conversation, let them know, I'm kind of lonely, I'm bored, I would love to hang out. Let's do something. Let's get together. Let's go for a walk in the morning together. <break time=“5.51s"/> So have some relationships. You could do stress reduction, but I'm not going to say stress reduction because that's -- cliche. Most people with anxiety have been trying to reduce their stress. It's not working. So I'm giving you the other pointers. if you have never tried mindfulness or meditation or anything like that, sure, give it a shot. But I'm going to assume you've already tried that and it doesn't work for you and you don't want cliche answers. Coming back to marijuana and alcohol, -- are those directly damaging the mitochondria? We have known. So for alcohol, we've known that since the 1960s, researchers have tried to figure out how exactly does alcohol poison the liver? Because we know it poisons the liver. And the way it poisons the liver is through mitochondrial damage. Marijuana, same deal. "THC" in particular is a direct mitochondrial toxin. so yeah, really important to avoid them. And again, the unfortunate catch 22 with them like I said before, yeah, they do relax you, or they do have a short term beneficial effect. Millions and millions of people would not be hooked on them if they didn't. Of course they have a beneficial effect on you, but it's short term and it results in more metabolic mitochondrial damage that then just makes you going back for more and more. And that's how people end up in vicious cycles and that's how people end up getting hooked on them. How people can become alcoholic is that they need more and more and more to calm the effects. And, it's tragic -- because the person's just trying to feel better and they're digging their hole even deeper and deeper and deeper every time they try to feel better. Earlier we talked about fasting. I'm assuming that would be a good one tied to the list you just shared for the right person. Yes, I think fasting... I would actually start with the things I just said, get rid of the ultra processed foods, eat real whole food. You don't have to go without food if you don't want to. Just like if you try to clean up, do some basic lifestyle medicine things. If those things don't work. - Then absolutely, then... I probably would next go to fasting and fasting mimicking diets. So some people can fast, and they don't mind it. initially it can be painful. People get hangry, they get irritable, they might feel weak or dizzy or other things. That is often, if you are one of those people, it actually is because you lack what's called metabolic flexibility. And what that means is that your body is really struggling to go between fuel sources to stop using glucose and start using fatty acids and ketones as a fuel source. That will change over time. So if you practice at fasting, maybe you just fast for a few hours and then add another hour, add another hour. In terms of intermittent fasting, just try to get a little longer -- with the fast. You'll work up that kind of muscle, so to speak. You'll -- be -- able to tolerate it better, you'll get better at it, it will become easier... for a lot of people. At some point you will start to notice a benefit. You'll go without food. like I mentioned myself the other day when I was kind of forced to fast because I just didn't have time to fit in the meals. By the end of the day I actually was --- noticing, I feel great. And I'm thinking I should do this more often because I actually feel really good. I feel really good right now. And then I ate dinner and then I slept really well that night and woke up feeling unusually better than normal. I noticed when you went through the diet piece for this hypothetical patient, we didn't bring in ketosis. And this ties back to earlier in the conversation, ketones being an alternative fuel for the brain. How does somebody know whether or not including the ketogenic diet would be a worthwhile piece of this puzzle? - I would start with the basic things that I outlined. If those aren't working then I think you need to start considering more sophisticated advanced metabolic therapies which include ketogenic diets, but can also include things like supplements and vitamins and other things. And I don't want people taking a handful of vitamins and supplements because that can actually be harmful... So you don't want to over supplement, you don't want high levels of vitamins, you want adequate levels of vitamins and other things. -- There's photobiomodulation, red light therapy, So there are lots of metabolic strategies. But there is zero doubt in my mind as a clinician who works with very ill people, people with treatment resistant mental illnesses, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, chronic unrelenting depression, severe, severe anxiety that paralyzes people. There is no doubt in my mind that ketogenic diets can be life changing for some people. <break time=“2.32s"/> I certainly don't think everybody needs to do it. Not everybody is struggling that much and not everybody's metabolism is that dysregulated or <break time=“2.28s"/> dysfunctional, so to speak... So the way I think about the ketogenic diet is it's an intervention, just like fasting is an intervention. Now, for some people, prolonged fasts can be really beneficial, as we discussed. And for some people with serious metabolic dysfunction, prolonged ketogenic diets, and we're really talking on the order of years, a few years at least. prolonged ketogenic diets can be life saving. There's no doubt in my mind... The clearest example is epilepsy. We now have over 50 published case reports and pilot trials of the ketogenic diet being used for a wide range of neuropsychiatric disorders, Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, depression. "OCD" is just getting published by our group. wide range of disorders and over 1900 people represented in those published research studies and countless others... Literally thousands of people reaching out to me over social media, sharing their stories of how they have healed and recovered using ketogenic therapies. With that said, it's not a one size fits all treatment. With that said, it's not a panacea if you're not sleeping well and you're using lots of marijuana. Let me be the first to tell you, ketogenic diet is not going to magically fix all of that. You've got to sleep, you've got to stop the marijuana. Sorry, you can't do your keto and you have your marijuana cake too. You got to give up the marijuana. And I've had patients in exactly that situation who are on ketogenic therapy. It was helpful, but the marijuana was really preventing their recovery. So I know firsthand with patients that what I'm saying is true. it's important to do the whole treatment package, not just one thing. Let's talk more about that multiple year thing. Somebody who is going to give this a go and they're suffering severely right now, while for one, they should definitely work with somebody alongside what we're talking about. when it comes to that multiple year ketogenic diet to cause what sounds like permanent changes in the brain, do we know what happens in the brain over that multiple years? It's a really important question. I have a speculation and I'll share that in just a sec. But I think what we know being able to answer that means mechanisms of action and it means having to dissect brain tissue and analyze it to see what's happening to it. We are not allowed to do those studies in humans. Let me just say that and repeat that. Human trials with mechanisms of action like that, they are impossible to do. Why? Because we are not allowed to slaughter humans after doing an intervention and then dissect their brain and analyze it. That means we have to rely on animal studies. And the animal studies that we most rely on are mouse studies, mice and rats. Now immediately that raises... questions, concerns, criticism. Well, that's a mouse study. That's not a human. Well, okay, but we can't do this study in a human. So I don't know what you want, but what we do know from mouse studies Is that ketogenic therapy. And what we know from some imaging studies in humans, for example, is that ketogenic diets change neurotransmitter balance, neurotransmitter regulation function in the short run. And so in a study of people with bipolar disorder on ketogenic therapy, the researchers found that their glutamate levels were reduced. - And that is associated with what's called hyperexcitability or an overactive brain cells or brain regions. - But in a nutshell, ketogenic diet changes neurotransmitters. mitochondrial function within brain cells. We know that from lots of animal studies and other studies and even human studies where we can do imaging to measure some of those biomarkers. So we know that from Doctor "Nora Volkow," who's the director of "NIDA," a world renowned neuroscientist. She did one of those studies in people with alcoholism, alcohol use disorder. Put half of the people on a standard American diet, half of them on... a ketogenic diet, detox them. And when they detoxed, one of the findings was improved brain metabolism and reduced brain inflammation. I'll stop there with just nutshell of kind of different mechanisms. We know that all of those things are obviously useful. <break time=“4.37s"/> And so it may be that the ketogenic diet is just doing all those things over time. It gets complex fast because the ketogenic diet is also changing the gut microbiome... and is changing body wide inflammation, not just brain inflammation, but in terms of changing the gut microbiome that may be one of its mechanisms of action, because there's this gut brain connection through the vagus nerve and through other pathways that what's happening in the gut is influencing brain function. So some researchers actually are really more focused on that, that the ketogenic diet is changing your gut biology and then that in turn is impacting your brain biology. So it could be through that complex mechanism. what I believe is happening, and we have a good amount of evidence to support this... from animal studies and others that I believe what's happening is the process that we've talked about, that your brain cells are slowly but surely getting rid of defective mitochondria and replacing them with new and healthy mitochondria, and that your brain cells are actually increasing mitochondrial density so that they are becoming more resilient and more robust. So that after a few years, a lot of people with epilepsy we have the most evidence within epilepsy. A lot of people within epilepsy who can become seizure free on a ketogenic diet are often able to stop the ketogenic diet after somewhere between two to five years and remain seizure free. treatment to kind of heal your brain, so to speak, allow your brain to repair itself. And then a lot of patients, not all, because some people do need to do it for life. Unfortunately, we don't exactly know what's going on or why they need the ketogenic diet. - But most people can stop it. they appear to be recovered, they remain in remission. And I think what I can safely say is that somehow something happened that allowed them to heal. And whether it's through inflammation, whether it's through the gut microbiome, whether it's through mitochondria, whether it's through neurotransmitters, at the end of the day, I'm kind of like, who cares? It is interesting to me as a scientist, great questions to answer, but for the time being, who cares? All that matters is that this person is better... and has a better life and is healed and recovering. That's what matters. If it was you and you were doing, say two to five years on a ketogenic diet, if you're in that period of coming off it and seeing how your body reacted, would you just do, say after a couple years, the odd test day, ramping up the carbs for a day or two and kind of just see how you feel. Basically somebody transitioning out. How do you guide somebody? - There's actually controversy in the... epilepsy field on this exact question. So some -- neurologists... who use the ketogenic diet to treat epilepsy, when they decide, okay, today's the day we're gonna transition off, they'll say, eat whatever the hell you want. I don't care. - Just do whatever you want. And for some patients, that works out fine. For some it doesn't. And then they have a seizure and then it's oh, you need the ketogenic diet again. I tend not to do that because when you tell people, eat whatever you want, they almost always go for ultra processed junk food. And they're I've been craving brownies and ice cream and... all this kind of candy bars and everything... So they just binge eat all that. <break time=“2.39s"/> tend to have people gradually increase protein levels Gradually increase carbohydrate levels in the form of vegetables and fruit - and see how they tolerate it. So I'm still keeping them on a whole food diet, real whole foods, but now --- they may not be in ketosis anymore. If they're eating a lot of fruit or if they're eating a lot more meat. They may no longer be in ketosis. And then we just assess what's happening. If their symptoms are coming back, especially if they're coming back with a vengeance, then we know, okay, get back on the keto diet -- you're not ready. <break time=“2.99s"/> What I find is that the longer people are on it, this two to five year thing really is true. And -- I know that that's even a broad range. Three years is a long time. Whether you have to do it for two years or five years, it is a big difference in the grand scheme of life. In the grand scheme of suffering from schizophrenia, it's trivial. In the grand scheme of suffering from treatment resistant epilepsy, Two years, five years. The real question is not two years or five years. The real question is seizure freedom or not. The real question is with schizophrenia is do I want remission of my schizophrenia or not? Do I want to live the rest of my life disabled from schizophrenia, or do I want to recover from schizophrenia? And then the question of two years, five years, it becomes irrelevant to most people. yeah, -- we'll figure it out, and we'll deal with it. And yeah, it might be unfair, yeah it might suck, but whatever, we'll suck it up and just do it. And do you find during that two to five years, people need to be 100% strict? Because it's easy to say between the two of us here, do this in conversation, but when people are out in the real world, there's parties and different one off events... and somebody might just have a hundred grams of carbs one day and bump themselves out of ketosis. Would you say if that happens, that resets that two to five year time frame is there a little bit of leeway there for people to have quote, unquote off days? So it's a really important question. From my experience, for people with severe mental illness. in the first six months to one year, no cheat days are allowed, Period, end of story. people will go ahead and cheat anyway. But they almost always... suffer the consequences. Almost always their symptoms come back with a vengeance. So that means their hallucinations and delusions were finally once and for all starting to get better. Maybe they got so much better that the person now thinks, I'm cured, I'm cured. I don't need this keto diet anymore. I don't need any of it. I'm gonna eat whatever I want. They eat whatever they want within 24 hours. The hallucinations are tormenting them. They're louder than ever. They're trying to drown them out or they're suicidal or whatever. <break time=“3.23s"/> In those situations, first and foremost, I'm a psychiatrist and I make sure that the person is safe. And so we work on a safety plan and we do whatever we need to do to keep that person safe and keep everyone else safe. But I immediately get them back on a ketogenic diet. I might even encourage them to fast, do a water fast for 24 to 48 hours if they're open to that, because that is the fastest way to get back into a high level of ketosis. I've been through that many times now with patients. And I want to just say situation that I just described is the primary reason patients with severe mental illness can in fact do this diet and stick with it. One of the biggest criticisms of this diet from people is nobody can do a diet. Nobody can stick with it. I tried to lose 10 pounds and I couldn't stick with it. It was too hard. Well, yeah, it was too hard for you because you actually just losing 10 pounds is not that motivating. And you don't really care that much about it. And you'd rather have your cake and you'd rather have your party with your friends. And so you can't stick with that diet. That normal person who's just trying to lose ten pounds. Yeah, I get it. really hard for the patients that I'm working with. They are fighting for their lives. They're fighting for their sanity. When they break the diet and their hallucinations come back and torment them. Two days later they're saying to themselves, I'll never do that again. party was awful. I'm not going to parties anymore. Or if I do go to parties, I'm just going to drink some sparkling water -- I'm going to drink sparkling water with a lime in it, and that's good for me. And I'll just eat my keto meal right before I go so that I'm not hungry while I'm there and I'll be fine. But I'm never going to do that again because that was really awful. I almost ended up in the hospital or I almost ended up dead. that is the reason why I can get patients with severe crippling mental illness to do this diet and stick with it. - If they didn't have that negative consequence of breaking the diet. I wouldn't be able to get them to do the diet. Weight loss -- experts often can't get people to stick with the diet... again because the consequences of breaking it aren't that bad actually. They're rewarding. If anything, people feel better. Oh, it was such a fun party. I really enjoyed all that food and it was such a nice time. -- Well, there goes your weight loss journey. I hear what you're saying there with that piece of reinforcing this is working and adding that extra layer of motivation to stick to the diet from that point forward. But metabolically having that bolus of glucose does that reset the time frame? Do you feel like metabolically... they need to go through two to five years again from that point... or it's all part of that two to five year period, even with the odd cheat day and that reinforcement? No, if the cheat days are short lived one or two days. by no means does that reset the clock. -- And the reason again the way, we know that with the epilepsy field, we know that with some other... kind of areas. So the way that I think about it is that - again, we really don't know the precise mechanism of action of what is it doing and why two to five years, why not one month, why not 10 years, why not a lifetime? -- What is happening magically during this two to five year period that is resetting the system and allowing people to then move on with their life and do whatever diet they want and live happily ever after. We really don't know. But my... strong speculation is it's this mitochondrial biogenesis and mitophagy and mitochondrial density, these issues. And that is just a slow process over time. -- And one cheat day doesn't take your cell all the way back to complete utter mitochondrial dysfunction and dysregulation. It might take it back a little bit, it might stop the healing process for a few days, it might even take you a few steps back, it doesn't reset the clock. -You've done some of the repair, you've done some of the autophagy that needed to be done, but you haven't finished. You haven't really reset and re established a new normal for that cell yet. And that's what we're trying to do is we're not only trying to clean out all the waste, buff up the cell, but we're trying to establish a new normal for that cell... A new normal of resilience and function and regulation. - And that process, I think I can say based on the empirical evidence that we have with epilepsy for 100 years, that process appears to take two to five years for most people. so for somebody that is going to go all in on the ketogenic diet, apply what we've been talking about today, the different levers really give this a go... You quickly mentioned supplements, any supplements you'd include along with all that to help facilitate these metabolic changes. The two supplements that I most commonly recommend augmentation with the ketogenic diet are magnesium light salt. So a combination of sodium and potassium. - So electrolytes can get depleted. A lot of people are deficient in magnesium anyway. So those are kind of standard pillars in my mind. Light salt the combination of sodium and potassium has been found to reduce cardiovascular events in pretty good population studies in China, randomized controlled trials, I should say in China. - They've taken thousands of people... So I stand solidly behind those two recommendations... The other supplements that are plus or minus depending on their lab values and other factors. So I don't universally recommend these to people. But the other ones that might get included are carnitine, creatine -- and then there are lots of others. I mean some people use "CoQ10"... or other "CoQ" supplements, some people use different vitamins and anti inflammatory agents and resveratrol. there are all sorts of other things... that are all related to everything we've talked about metabolism and mitochondrial function. again, I don't universally recommend those supplements. the biggest takeaway, I want to just say with supplements because everybody hears a pill that you can take and then they don't want to do the other work and they just want to take the pill. Let me be clear. If you are not going to change your lifestyle and you think you're going to get away with only taking carnitine or creatine, good luck to you. I'm not wishing you poorly. If it works for you, great. What I can tell you is I don't think it's going to work. And don't be shocked when it doesn't work because you're going to have to do the work. You're going to have to do the work to get it to work. And the work is changing diet and lifestyle and other things. And then the supplements can be added when needed, when you're doing the work and it's just not yielding the results that we should expect. Or when you reach a plateau and something just seems like you need a nudge to get to that next level. That's when some of these supplements, vitamins, can intermittently be... good interventions. How do you feel about urolithin A? There's a lot of talk in our world about that in general, and it directly relates to mitochondria... What do you think about it? So urolithin A, we actually, it is a mitochondrial supplement that induces mitophagy and We have reasonably good data, actually, in elderly people that -- taking urolithin A can increase muscle capacity, it can increase strength and muscle endurance. - Just taking the supplement now, obviously exercise is the better way to do it, but if you add some urolithin A with your exercise, you might get... a little more bang for the buck. So I'm not opposed to urolithin A. Again, I'm... often reluctant to talk too much about supplements because the takeaway for too many people is, I'll go out and take that supplement and not do any of that other hard stuff. Or they hear that stuff and they're well, I'm on a healthy diet. they're not actually not on a healthy diet, but they tell themselves, I'm on a healthy diet. My diet is fine. I eat whole grain cereal every morning and -- with skim milk. And I --- have my "Nutrigrain" bars, which are ultra processed foods that are loaded with sugars and other things. they do tragically think that they're eating a healthy diet because some dietitian told them that was a healthy diet and it's not a healthy diet. unfortunately, taking urolithin A probably won't do much for that. But yeah, as an augmentation strategy to promote mitochondrial health. - Especially if somebody just needs a little extra edge. Yes, I am all for it. Do I think that urolithin A on its own will stop seizures?.. No. There's no reason for me to believe that urolithin A on its own will stop seizures, but a ketogenic diet will at least it doesn't for everyone, But a ketogenic diet can stop seizures, and that is really, really powerful and life changing. "Chris," really good place to end it here. Really clear on that messaging at the end these are adjuncts to supplements. We're going to link up your book, your "YouTube" channel, social media website, everything in the show notes. Really enjoyed this. Thank you. Thank you so much, "Jesse." Now that you're done, you're going to want to stick around here and catch this other incredible episode. You don't want to miss it. I'll see you over there. If you've got "PTSD," "ADHD," "OCD," eating disorders, early dementia, whatever the issue is, I will try to help you. My definition of a brain healthy diet is it has to nourish the brain, protect the brain, energize the brain. You can see -

  Top Comments:
  1. @JesseChappus [126 likes]: Thanks for watching this episode with Dr. Chris Palmer! If you're finding it valuable, please let me know by hitting the LIKE button on the video. I really appreciate the support 🙏 -Jesse 💙
  2. @terezinhadsa805 [2 likes]: Dr Chris Palmer your information has enlighten me to deal with schizophrenia.
  3. @ritaslayden1829 [2 likes]: Chris Palmer is one of my favorite low carb influencers! Middle Tennessee Rita ❤
  4. @ladyalexander2003 [1 likes]: Abuse and trauma changes behaviour so does pain - It’s not mental illness it’s trauma & PTSD caused by abusers who have severe mental issues! If it’s a lack of vitamins - vitaminosis causing changes in behaviour it’s a vitamin deficiency NOT mental illness at all fix the diet or eliminate the food causing allergies or behaviour issues like food colourings & additives & when you give the body proper food which is actual medicine like fruit & vegetables & herbs & spices the body heals & the mitochondria can function properly giving the body energy!! Also check why doctors use injections full of aluminium & zoonotic viruses in vaccines causing Alzheimer’s & autism - they call them vaccines! So neurological disorders caused by vaccines & also cause - zoonosis - animal diseases in humans! While your ignoring the criminally insane people the narcissists sociopaths & psychopaths who cause our abuse & trauma & increase cortisol - of course antidepressants which cause blurred vision nausea & suicidal ideation & increase aggression & thoughts to harm self & others don’t cure abuse won’t cure depression! It’s not treatment resistant depression is the wrong drugs to fix a problem they haven’t got! Just so you know the ones who are actually mentally ill I found this quite worrying! Changes in our behaviour due to pain or abuse isn’t mental illness people who go around threatening people stealing bullying spiking drinks etc are mentally ill! Treat them!
  5. @suziecreamcheese211 [1 likes]: I’m convinced this is why people who live on fast food are not only physically unhealthy but mentally unstable.
  6. @CICMCB [1 likes]: I am a mental health professional treating survivors for 40 years and I believe that trauma, which is often a hidden underlying factor for many, fuels mental illness.  I have seen for some sugar is a dangerous chemical and they experience extreme reactions of mood swings, depression which to me is an allergic reaction.  Also, alcohol and drugs is a huge open door that fuels the symptoms of trauma and exacerbates mental illness.
  7. @josiasferreira5958 [1 likes]: 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
  8. @DorothyMeyer-t8b [1 likes]: you are what you eat
No doubt about it
  9. @Jennifer-n7r5m [1 likes]: Thank you. Very informative.
  10. @edithkinsey7031 [1 likes]: Maybe foods/diet could cause or contribute some mental illness.  Metabolic issues may be able to improve/correct some mental illnesses, you can not rule out physiology and chemical that just can not be fixed-like criminals or narcissist for instance.  Some people just do not get enough formative protein thru fetal development to adulthood, that can be prevented but it can not be fixed. The largest omission in science is demon possession
  11. @Lea-gx3rj [1 likes]: Wow
  12. @GoldenTempleLight: FOR SOME PEOPLE. No thank you to Ketogenic Diet
  13. @bonniedavis9076: I noticed I felt misery after eating lots of bread, sugar kills me. I think the bad diet makes you feel like crap & you don't respond as well as you could have had your body been well nourished.
  14. @gilmatorres4990: Gracias por la información tuve una infancia difícil y  me separé  de una relación tóxica y después de cierto tiempo me ha pasado todo esas cosas  en mi salud física y mental y yo no quiero perder mi salud mental y me cuido en  la alimentación pero siento que mejoro algo pero no como debería de sanar
  15. @Lina-gt7tk: i love thiiiis. im from argentina and heatlh tips are reaaaally behind. i have celiac disease, hashimoto and insuline resistance and im starting to fast 12 hours sometimes i feel like pushing just a little more not more than that 1 hour or two and im feeling better already, eating well, trying to get some sun and walkin, sleeping like 10 hours haha and drinking coconut water too. so all this was so helpful i was avoiding the fasting because my adhd loves to eat... but now i wake up and stay in bed till i feel i want to eat so i dont feel cranky or weak. (there goes my tip) dinner 7 pm and eat at morning my protein and veggies. sometimes a lil carbs too. at night soups or things dense but not that heavy. like chicken or fish. in case someone struggles like i did haha.
  16. @CariMachet: Shapes matter
  17. @marz9676: My brother went mentally ill with paranoid delusions in his 40s while on a no sugar, all organic diet. He and his friends went off to Portland decades ago and they each showed increasing paranoia from the conspiracy culture, there. That, with isolation, pushed him too far.
  18. @Joe98-g4i: Watching "Health" advice on social media causes mental health😂
  19. @nadiaherrera2492: Estos videos parecen ser muy cientificos y saludables pero me huelen mas a propaganda de industria carnica
  20. @carole2077: This is pretty sad that a psychiatrist somehow wants to blame people's mental illness on a lack of a keto diet. I guess blaming the mother is out of fashion. I don't think I'd let anyone I know anywhere near your vague meandering. Isn't medicine meant to be evidence based.

- Ketogenic diets and mental health with Dr. Chris Palmer — Diet Doctor Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to the Day Doctor Podcast. I'm your host Dr. Brett Schor. Today I'm joined by Dr. Christopher Palmer. Now, Dr. Palmer is a board-certified psychiatrist and he's an associate professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School and he's the director of the Department of Postgraduate and Continuing Education at McLean Hospital. Uh you can find him at ChrisPalmerMD.com and on Twitter at ChrisPalmerMD. Now, what we're going to hear today is really a a wonderful run-through of mental health disorders and the role of nutrition and lifestyle in general, but also ketogenic diets specifically for mental health disorders. And Dr. Palmer is really on the forefront of this field having practiced it for well over a decade and having contributed to the scientific literature by publishing reviews and publishing case reports. Um and has some exciting things coming down the pike in the future as well for on this. So, stay tuned for that. He's going to give us a little teaser during this interview. But, we talk about mental health disorders, sort of um why nutrition would work, specifically why ketogenic diets would work, and what that means for the type of ketogenic diet or low-carb diet that somebody might need to follow. And also, importantly, where it fits into the treatment paradigm for evidence-based medicine for mild, moderate, or severe mental health disorders. And he has some interesting takes on that which, you know, provides some caution. Um but, interestingly, about using seizure um literature. So, literature about ketogenic diets for epilepsy and how that can then apply to mental health disorders. So, an interesting sort of mechanistic combination. Uh and we go through so many other topics um with some really good advice including eating disorders that we talk about at the very end which he has a a really great way of explaining eating disorders and what a restrictive diet means for eating disorders. But, another part of this i- i- is, you know, as with any of our podcast, this is meant for general advice. This is not meant to give medical advice. So, if you're thinking about starting a ketogenic diet or low-carb diet or changing your your medications or treating any kind of condition with nutrition, please do it under the watchful eyes of an experienced clinician. You can go to our find a doctor page at dietdoctor.com to find a clinician who's who's familiar with low-carb diets and ketogenic diets who can help you or just follow up with your regular doctor because this is not meant to be medical advice for you to take into your own hands and treat your own mental health conditions, right? So, please do it under the watchful eye of of a of an a trained clinician. All right, so with that out of the way, let's get into this wonderful interview with Dr. Chris Palmer. Well, Dr. Chris Palmer, thank you so much for joining me today on the dietdoctor podcast. Thank you, Brett. Thanks for having me. Yes, my pleasure. It's great to talk to you. I mean, you've been so active lately with your publications, with your speaking engagements about promoting low-carb and keto diets for the treatment of mental health disorders, which is a fascinating field that's really growing both in terms of clinical experience and scientific knowledge. But, I'm curious. I always like to get back to the beginning because you know, I know from my standpoint, I didn't receive hardly any nutritional lifestyle training in medical school residency. And I would assume it's the same for psychiatry, but I would like to hear from you. How much of what you're you've learned about nutrition did you gain after your training versus what you gained during your training? Uh so, I'm exactly like you for better or worse. So, mine you know, the the training that I received in nutrition in medical school was a course that I think was 1 week long. And uh it it went through basic, you know, at the time it was the low-fat diet, the lower the fat the better. All fat was considered toxic. That included things like peanut butter, it included nuts, it included olive oil, um avocados, every all fats were considered bad for human health. Uh and that was essentially the training that I got. And you know, we we talked about rare nutritional deficiencies, um uh relatively rare ones. We talked about things that you need to screen for when you're treating you know, people with alcoholism for instance, you know, make sure you check for thiamine deficiency and other things. Um but uh we certainly didn't learn about using dietary interventions as treatments. So, even in your psychiatry fellowship, was that the same because there is a little body of literature um that is not all that recent that, you know, investigated some nutrition and exercise interventions for moderate depression, which showed it was as good as or in some cases better than SSRIs. Was any of that taught or was it still basically focused on pharmacologic treatment of psychiatric disorders in your in your residency training? So, in my residency training, I I trained um yeah, I trained like 25 years ago. So, uh at that point, um we actually didn't have studies demonstrating that uh dietary interventions can be helpful as a primary treatment with one primary exception, and that is with eating disorders. Um and so, when people come in with anorexia nervosa or bulimia or other disorders and are severely underweight, it has long been known that refeeding those patients and essentially forcing them to gain weight uh has benefits uh because they are literally starving to death. They often have life-threatening complications from a starvation syndrome. And whether they like it or not, and usually they don't like it, we the field has essentially force-fed them and tried tried to get them to gain weight. That that was really the only dietary intervention that I learned about. Yeah, so so you're like a lot of us and you had to pick all this up after your training and probably had to do it on your own. So give us a little summary of your journey and how you came to realize the benefits of nutritional and lifestyle therapies and start incorporating that in your practice and how you started to gear towards specific types of nutritional interventions. Like so many other people in this space that begins with my own personal story and I was a pretty strong adherent to the low-fat diet when I was in medical school and residency. And one of the primary reasons is you know, I I looked at all the patients that I was treating in the hospital, heart attacks, strokes, cancer, all sorts of other things and I was very determined to not be one of them. I did not want to be one of them. And so I followed the dietary guidelines to a T and I was on an extremely low-fat diet sometimes eating less than 5 or 10 grams of fat per day because I was taught lower the fat the better. And you know, for better or worse that did not work out well for me at all. I by the time I was in my late 20s, I had metabolic syndrome despite strict adherence to this supposedly healthy diet. I was exercising pretty regularly at least three times a week. doing everything else right. I was not excessively drinking. I wasn't using recreational drugs. I wasn't doing anything else that I wasn't supposed to be doing. And yet my blood pressure was high. My LDL was high. My HDL was very low. My triglycerides were through the roof. Um I had pre-diabetes. And I was frustrated and pissed. Um because because I'm like I'm doing everything right. And uh you know, year after year the doctor kept telling me you got you got to do diet and life you know, diet and exercise. Diet and exercise to get these things under control. I kept asking him exactly what diet, exactly what exercise. I was doing it all. Um he finally decided he was going to push pills on me. I said, "No, you know what? And we've been talking about it for a couple of years." I said, "No." I I not yet. Uh give me 6 months. I'm going to try something else." I didn't tell him what I was going to try, but I I'd heard through the rumor mill that the Atkins diet at the time uh was was somehow helping people improve their cholesterol even though you were eating eggs every morning. Um and I was in disbelief at that point. I really was. I I was a strong skeptic. I I bought the medical dogma hook, line, and sinker. Um but uh given that I was following the medical dogma and it was failing me miserably um and I'd heard these kind of rumors that you know, the Atkins diet might be able to help. I figured, "That'll be my Hail Mary pass. I'm going to I'm just going to try. I'm I'm I am going to try this stupid Atkins diet. See what happens." I was fully prepared for it to not work out. I I kind of expected that it probably wouldn't. Here's the interesting part. So, as this is a story that we hear time and again from clinicians, which is such an important story here because the clinicians understand what it's like now to be the patient, right? To be the patient whose lifestyle doesn't work for and just sort of gets written off for lifestyle, but you had the personal experience and you improved your metabolic health as you're saying here, but you are a little bit different because then you took the jump of improving your own metabolic health to then say as a practitioner for mental health disorders, I can use the same dietary approach to help people with mental health disorders. So, it's different than just saying I can use this dietary approach to help people with metabolic health disorders because that's what works for me. That's what I see in the literature. So, how did you make that connection, that jump to say, "Well, it's working for middle for metabolic health. Now, I'm going to apply it for mental health disorders." What did that look like? So, it is a great question. So, the um you know, I personally I will share that I had um recurrent depression uh as a child and adolescent. And but at the time that I was doing this um you know, the Atkins diet, I did not have clinical depression. Now, I was working as a resident. I was working ridiculously long hours every week. I I could tolerate working 80 hours in a row. Um I wasn't having any serious problems. Um but when I made the dietary changes within you know, within a few months, I noticed dramatic changes in my mood, in my energy level, my ability to concentrate, my motivation, just my outlook on life. I uh the way the way I often put it to people is that I worked really hard to through medical school and through residency. Um and it often felt like a chore. It it really felt like I'm working hard. This is a lot of information. It's a lot of work. I I'm tired. I'm I'm I'm getting a little bit burned out. And after I made this dietary change, I was like one of these happy peppy people who just had this un- this never-ending energy and I was no longer burned out {quote} unquote I I just felt great and I had a lot of enthusiasm for life and I recognized that this was highly unusual. I I had never been like that in my entire life. And so I recognized wow, this is this is really interesting. I took a few years. I mean at that point the Atkins diet was extraordinarily controversial in the medical field. We did not have published studies in the literature yet documenting that it was even safe as a weight loss intervention let alone any any other use and so it took me a few years before I started using it with patients but I I I kept kind of thinking to myself if this is having such a profound effect on my mood, energy, sleep, other things. I can't help but wonder what it might do for my patients with chronic treatment-resistant depression who have tried you know who have tried dozens of medications, who've been in psychotherapy for years or sometimes decades, who've even tried shock therapy and nothing is working for them. And so those were the first patients that I started with and that was probably 18 years ago. Well, that's interesting because you really started with sort of the the you could say the sickest of the sickest or the worst of the worst because you weren't starting with a person who has mild depression and let's see if if lifestyle will work instead of medications. You were trying the person who had sort of the most advanced case who who wasn't responding to anything. So if anything you were that seems almost like a recipe to set yourself up for failure because if nothing's working, good chance that nothing's is to work. But my guess is you found something else, right? I I did. Um and uh so, in in several of these patients, uh in particular the ones who were able to do it, not everybody was able to do the diet, but in the ones that were able to do it and really stick with it, um I noticed sometimes uh dramatic and remarkable improvement in symptoms. Um patients recognized it, family members recognized it, I recognized it, and it was unlike anything I'd seen with medications or psychotherapy or even ECT in those particular patients. Because I have seen medications work, I have seen psychotherapy work, I've seen ECT work, but the reality is for far too many people, they fail to work. And uh and so, with these patients in particular, some of them had been my patients for years at that point, and we had tried numerous medications, and at best we might get improvement for a few weeks or a month or two, and then the symptoms would be right back. So, that was kind of the start, and and then things went on. I you know, I wasn't really willing to talk about that publicly because I I really was fearful of my license and what people would what people would think. I like I can't be prescribing the Atkins diet to people in clinical practice. And over the years, we got a you know, a an entire body of literature supporting the the effectiveness and the safety of the Atkins diet and other low-carb and ketogenic diets um for uh weight loss, for diabetes control, for other conditions. And that started to empower me to to use this even more with patients. Mhm. And and then I think the you know, the thing that really forced my hand to kind of make this a mission of my career was when I you know, when I used this intervention with a patient probably about 6 years ago now and I it's a it was a patient that I'd had for a long time with schizoaffective disorder, which is kind of a cross between schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. And uh he had been my patient for about 8 years at that point. I had seen him on all sorts of medications, in and out of hospitals, nothing worked for him. And that's actually not unusual for patients with that disorder. It's a horrible kind of life sentence, if you will. And uh even with the best of treatments, most patients with schizophrenia cannot work. A lot of them can't live independently. They continue to have horrible debilitating symptoms. Their lives are, you know, for all intents and purposes, at least for some people, their lives are ruined. And uh and uh so one of these patients was obese and he asked for my help to lose weight. And uh I really use this intervention with no expectation. I'd seen this work for depression, but depression and schizophrenia are totally different things. So I'm I'm now using this for essentially schizophrenia. And um but uh again, I just used it to help him lose weight. I had no other expectations. And uh sure enough, he started losing weight um within about three two or three weeks, I noticed profound antidepressant effects. So he was kind of coming back to life. He was making better eye contact. He was more engaged. He just seemed happier. He was talking a lot more. I was kind of like, "Wow, what's gotten into you?" Like you're usually not this happy. What's going on? Um and uh and then it was it it took probably 6 to 8 weeks, but at about that mark he started spontaneously reporting that his hallucinations were going away, his long-standing paranoid delusions were going away. Everything was just melting away, and he was dramatically improving. Um and quite honestly, I was dumbfounded. I was dumbfounded by that. Yeah, I mean, that sounds so dramatic. So So, fast forward to now, and let's talk about sort of the state of the practice of ketogenic therapy for different mental health disorders. In a minute, we'll break that down into specifics, but just the the general state of clinical practice um where the science is, and how pervasive is it now? Because, you know, we've got you, we've got Dr. Georgia Ede. There there are a few people who are vocal about it, but are you still like in the vast minority feeling like you're climbing up the hill trying to get people to uh realize this, or do you think it's starting to to get accepted more now? It's a really great question. The um you know, so in terms of where we're at and the state of the field. So, you through the stories I just told, you can hear that I kind of came upon some of this through serendipity. I I I had no expectation that I was going to discover these things. But now when I talk with audiences, I I can put everything together. So, the reality is that, you know, the ketogenic diet, a specific form of the ketogenic diet, has been used for 100 years in the treatment of epilepsy. And uh you know, the official ketogenic diet was actually developed specifically for the treatment of epilepsy. And uh we have a tremendous amount of neuroscience literature on what this diet is doing to the human brain. So, we know that this diet is changing neurotransmitters. It's decreasing brain inflammation. It is changing ion channel regulation like calcium signaling. It you know, it it provides an alternate source of fuel to you know, instead of glucose. It does all sorts of things that we know about because of this neuroscience literature. And lo and behold, we in psychiatry use epilepsy treatments like candy really. We we use them every single day in tens of millions of people. So, you know, for those of you not familiar with this, if you've heard names like Depakote, Tegretol, Lamictal, Topamax, um Neurontin or gabapentin, and all of the benzos, that includes things like Valium, Xanax, Klonopin, Ativan, all of those meds that I just listed, you probably know from the mental health field, but in fact, they're all epilepsy treatments. Um and uh they most of them were actually designed for the treatment of epilepsy, and we quickly adopt them and use them in psychiatry. The reality is we use them for a for pretty much every mental condition. We use them in psychosis, we use them in bipolar disorder, we use them in depression, anxiety, substance use, eating disorders, dementia. We we use them for a wide variety of disorders. And at this point, you know, the ketogenic diet is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy. As I just mentioned, we use epilepsy treatments all the time in psychiatry. So, it is not at all unreasonable to be thinking about using you know, an evidence-based dietary intervention uh in people with mental disorders. The um since I've been doing this work for the past 6 years or so, it's really interesting because, you know, when I started, um there were very few people. Georgia Ede, myself, maybe one or two other people who were even talking about this publicly. since that time, um there's been an explosion, uh relatively speaking, of articles of articles on the ketogenic diet in mental health. And the you know, the the really good news is that um again, this isn't relying on anecdotes. This we have an entire body of literature, 100 years worth, to tap into that is directly relevant to mental disorders. And so, this is not at all a leap whatsoever. Um and and so, the the way that I've been able to persuade a lot of leading neuroscientists and psychiatrists in this space is to just map out all of the lines of evidence. lines of evidence. What do we know about schizophrenia? What do we know about bipolar disorder? What do we know about chronic depression? What do we know is happening in their brains? And then pair that with all of the science that we have on the effects of the ketogenic diet, and it's a match made in heaven. Everybody that I talk to is like, "Oh my god, why isn't anybody do it? Like, why isn't anybody using this in patients?" And I say, "Well, I actually I am." "Does it work?" I'm like, "Yes, it does. Read some of the case reports I've published. And they're like, they get all excited. Um, Yeah. So, the really good news is that we really do have we've had leading publish their own articles um, equally enthusiastic about, hey, this ketogenic diet deserves serious consideration. Like the it really the science completely lines up. We as a field need to be really be thinking about using this as an intervention. So, what about the skeptic though who says, well, look, these mechanistic theories kind of make sense, but show me the randomized controlled trial that it works. Show me that it works better than cutting out sugar and ultra-processed food. Show me that it works better than a low-fat Mediterranean diet. What what about the skeptic who says that? Lots of things to address in what you just said. So, I would say in terms of the randomized controlled trials of the ketogenic diet for specific mental health conditions, um, we we don't have it depends on what you call a mental health condition. So, we just got a randomized controlled trial of the ketogenic diet for alcohol use disorder, also known as alcoholism. We've got a couple of randomized controlled trials of the ketogenic diet in Alzheimer's disease. And for those of you who think Alzheimer's disease is only a neurological disorder and has nothing to do with mental disorders, you are sorely mistaken. Every single patient pretty much with Alzheimer's disease, every single one, just about 100%, will have mental symptoms. They will have depression, anxiety, insomnia, agitation. About 40 to 50% of people with Alzheimer's disease have hallucinations and delusions. Those are the hallmark symptoms of schizophrenia. Um, so uh, you know, Alzheimer's disease is in fact listed in DSM-5. It It's on the border between what we call a neurological and a psychiatric disorder. But, uh, um, the reality is people with mental disorders are much more likely to develop that. So, we've got some randomized controlled trials there. Um, we do have two randomized controlled trials of the Mediterranean diet, not ketogenic whatsoever. The Mediterranean diet for depression. Um, one study was not that great because they relied on patient self-report of their depressive symptoms, which is not a very rigorous study. But, the other study was actually in treatment-resistant depression. Um, and they randomized patients to uh, the Mediterranean diet versus a social support group. And the people in the Mediterranean diet had some a 30-something percent complete remission rate. And that compared to only 8% in the other group. So, I think, you know, some people promoting that dietary intervention would say getting rid of the processed foods was probably one of the biggest ingredients in the success of that intervention. the good news is that we now have randomized controlled trials getting underway in psychiatry with the ketogenic diet. So, uh, I've been involved with three different research groups. We just got funding for three separate pilot studies of the ketogenic diet in serious mental illness, which will include bipolar disorder primarily, but also schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder in at least one or two of the studies. Well, that's great news. Yeah, so that that is definitely uh, going to be a big contribution to the to the literature because that's I mean, look, everything you're you're to me makes sense, right? To people who believe in low-carb diets and ketogenic diets makes sense, but to the skeptic, you know, they're going to want to see more of this hard data. So, that's great that it's coming. Um but, like you said, for people who who've tried everything and have no other um really have no other option, sort of like why not? But, what about that person who has sort of a more mild case, you know, a a milder mild to moderate depression that you would usually just treat with an SSRI or or even bipolar disorder that you would treat with lithium, like sort of the I don't know, I want to call it the easy-to-treat conditions compared to the ones you just listed. Would you recommend ketogenic diets for those patients as well, either as an adjunct to medical therapy or instead of medical therapy? It's a really important question, and I know people in the low-carb and keto keto community really want this to be a first-line treatment right now, and for better or worse, I do not recommend and cannot recommend it as a first-line treatment. Um and uh and the reason for that is that we don't have randomized control trials. Uh we don't have a good evidence base. And so, for licensed clinicians, licensed clinicians really are held to specific standards, and those are the standards within the medical community. And there are evidence-based treatments for all of those disorders, and those evidence-based treatments do work for some people. They do. And uh so, I would say that people deserve a chance at at least two or three evidence-based treatments before you start using off-label treatments. Now, I would apply this same logic to other types of treatments. So, I mentioned that we use off-label anticonvulsant medications commonly in psychiatry. You shouldn't be using an off-label medication as your first-line treatment. Um so, if somebody comes in with bread-and-butter depression, you really need to use a first-line antidepressant treatment and/or psychotherapy. So, people can do quite well with psychotherapy. Should a dietary intervention at some point become possibly a first-line treatment? I'm hopeful, and I have lots of reasons personally and professionally to believe that someday I think it it in fact it might be the preferred first-line treatment. But for right now, given where we're at as a field and given that I want to encourage clinicians to keep their licenses and stay out of malpractice cases and stay out of, you know, trouble, uh um it's important that we follow guidelines. The good news I guess if you're a proponent of ketogenic diets, the good news is there are tens of millions of people out there who've already tried all of these standard treatments and are desperately looking for a better answer. So, it's not like there's a shortage of patients to to who could benefit from this treatment. Um there really isn't. But uh but for now, I don't think it's reasonable for me to suggest that we should use it as a first-line treatment. Yeah, that's that's really interesting answer. Now, would you say the same thing about a Mediterranean diet and, you know, 30 minutes of exercise per day? Do you think that is evidence-based as a first-line therapy? And then if someone doesn't respond to that, then maybe you escalate it to a more intense diet of carbohydrate reduction? So, if somebody's coming in with major depression, uh to recommend the Mediterranean diet and exercise as the only intervention that you're going to offer them, no. That's you would be in equal trouble uh if you do you need to offer a medication or psychotherapy. Now, if the patient refuses both of those, if the patient says, "No, I don't want medication and I don't want psychotherapy. I'm only interested in a dietary intervention." Then certainly the patient can choose that. So, patients have choice. It's ultimately their decision. But as clinicians, we have to inform patients of the standard evidence-based treatments. And right now, the Mediterranean diet is equally, you know, one decent trial does not make the guidelines. Um so, we need a lot we need many more trials. Uh we need more evidence. Um and even in that one trial of the Mediterranean diet, it only worked in 30-something percent. Uh that leaves a good 60-70% of the people for whom it did not work. So, uh um that you know, it's not like this is a home run treatment for everybody with treatment-resistant depression. Yeah, that's a great point. And then of course, the whole definition of Mediterranean diet, what does that even mean? It takes on so many different forms. You'd have to go back to how they defined it specifically in that study. But even then, only 30%. So so that's a great point. I think just to well, and just to clarify. So, I think that if if people want to lose weight, um so if if if I have a patient who comes to me for treatment of depression, and they want to they they are primarily asking for help with their depression, I'm going to offer them at least the option of the standard evidence-based treatments. If they at the same time say, "I'd also like to lose some weight." We have no reason to believe that an antidepressant will help people lose weight. There's We've actually had trials on that, and they don't seem to help people lose weight. So, um Many do the opposite. Many of them help people gain weight, right? They they sure do. So, uh so if that person wanted help losing weight, we have more than enough randomized controlled trials of low-carb and ketogenic diets for weight loss. More than enough that it is safe to say that you would clearly and easily withstand any kind of a lawsuit or any kind of um you know, accusations of quackery or anything else by recommending uh that. For diabetes, we're we're getting there. Um I'm hopeful we'll be there soon. Um you know, some people would argue we're already there and that's great. Okay, great. Awesome. Um and you know, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease, that really opens a hot potato, as you know. Um uh or you know, goes to a So, you know, so I think different different conditions. So, if I've got somebody that's overweight and I really want them to be able to use a low-carb or keto diet, I might talk to them about weight loss and then let's see if we can help you lose weight, which in and of itself has been shown to have some antidepressant effects for people. And we might use a low-carb or keto diet even as a first-line agent, but I would be clear in my medical medical record documentation, for better or worse, I'd be clear we're using this for the weight loss, we're using a standard treatment or patient is declining other treatment for their depression, and we'll see how things go. Yeah, I think that you certainly present a very balanced approach and but an approach that someone who's a ketogenic diet enthusiast can take and someone who's a little bit skeptical can still take because you still fall back on the evidence-based therapy. So, I think that's a very balanced approach that that can appeal to a large swath of the medical population. So, I think that's great. But one thing I want to unpack a little bit more with you is, as we talk about low-carb and keto diets. And, you know, when it comes to general health or general weight loss or even blood sugar management, there is a spectrum. There is, you know, strict low-carb, moderate low-carb, liberal low-carb. And, you're likely to see a benefit at any point in that spectrum, possibly with greater benefits with the more carbohydrate carbohydrate reduction. But, I'm curious if you think it's the same thing with mental health disorders because, you know, you don't need ketones for weight loss. You don't need ketones for general health. But, is there something specific about not just reducing the carbohydrates, but also having enough ketone production that you think that really plays into the mental health benefits? Because, you talked about the keto diet for epilepsy, which was this classic 4:1, you know, uh the ratio of fat to protein plus carbs was 4:1. So, it was a very high-fat diet, which is different than sort of the modified Atkins diet or the what you could say the popular low-carb or keto diet of today is. So, do you think it has to be a specific version of a low-carb or ketogenic diet to see these um impressive mental health benefits? It's a really important question and one that, you know, we do not have clear answers as a field. I'll give you my opinion, but um I I just want to set the stage. The real answer, the trustworthy answer, is nobody knows for sure right now because we don't have enough evidence in the mental health field to be able to say with certainty. But, I'll I'll call on some some other, you know, um research and and data to to kind of inform the answer to that. So, you know, in the epilepsy field, the you know, there's a Cochrane review, which in the medical field is kind of this gold standard meta-analysis of the research done so far. And, the Cochrane review says that the ketogenic diet, in fact, is an evidence-based effective treatment for treatment-resistant epilepsy in children and adolescents. Only in children and adolescents. Why? Because adults have a hard time doing this diet. Um especially like a 3:1 or 4:1 ratio diet. Um and so at least in the epilepsy literature, there are studies of it working for adults. I'm not at all trying to say it doesn't work for adults, but whether researchers can get adults to do the diet in research studies is another question. So, um but that Cochrane review also said that the modified Atkins diet is not as effective as the 4:1 ratio diet. Um they they looked at all the studies that were done and there seemed to be a signal that the more intense the ketogenic diet, the more effective it was. However, that's not to say that, you know, you as an individual just need to find the dose that works for you. Um so if you are an individual trying to treat depression or bipolar or schizophrenia or whatever, you just need to find what's going to work for you. In reality, in the in the epilepsy literature, there is another dietary intervention called the low glycemic index diet that is also an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy. Now, low glycemic index diets can sometimes be ketogenic, but more often than not they are not ketogenic. But essentially, what a low glycemic index diet is doing is you're getting rid of a lot of the processed carbohydrates, you're getting a rid of almost all sugar, you're getting rid of a lot of flowers- based kind of foods, and you're eating whole foods. You're It's not a a low-carb diet per se necessarily, although it can be. A low-carb diet is certainly low in glycemic index as well. But, um but you can eat some foods like whole fruit, whole vegetables that may have carbohydrates, but because those carbohydrates are getting absorbed more slowly and with fiber included, um the glycemic index is lower. And Mhm. that that can be an effective treatment for seizures for some people. So, um so I think that you know, the way that I think about this cuz some people get frustrated with this concept that may, you know, they're like, "Well, which diet works, Dr. Palmer? Which one works?" I'm like, "Well, you know, if you give me a medication that we use in any medical field and say, 'What dose works? What dose works for everyone?' I would say you're being silly. You clearly don't understand the medical field. We We often will have a starting dose, but sometimes that's too much for patients and we have to lower the dose. Sometimes it's not enough. We have to raise the dose. Sometimes we have to add more medication. So, it we always are tweaking. We start with one thing and then we tweak and increase, decrease doses as needed or as the patient can tolerate. to think that we should do anything differently with dietary interventions is just silly. You know, my sense is to get back to your original question is that I I do think a dietary intervention that results in ketosis is a very powerful intervention for a lot of my patients. And I have seen direct correlations between the level of ketones and symptom reduction. And when patients And when patients still remain in ketosis, but you know, if their ketones drop from 3.0, their blood ketones drop from 3.0 down to 0.5, they can become floridly psychotic, they can become depressed or suicidal, even though they still have ketones at 0.5. So, um so for some patients in my experience, the higher the ketones, um within reason, you don't want them you don't want them too high. There is like a a a a decent range that you want them in. Um but uh there there does seem to be a direct correlation between the level of ketones and the effect. That's not to say that I think exogenous ketones are the answer because I'll jump to the chase. I don't think exogenous ketones are the answer. I think that the level of ketones in your bloodstream is a reflection of a vast array of complicated metabolic adaptations your body is making in response to the diet. And uh and so it is a good biomarker for all of these things that are happening in your body, in your brain. But just increasing that biomarker with exogenous ketones likely is not going to be the magic bullet that everybody wishes it would be. I wish it would be. I really do cuz that would be so much easier than making people do a diet and trying to get their ketones, you know, greater than two or three, but Yeah. Well, I sure hope we get some research about this. I mean, because like you said, it'd be so much easier from a compliance standpoint to just drink your ketones. Or you could also see a a hybrid, you know, a moderate low-carb diet with exogenous ketones. Or you could also introduce intermittent fasting to raise your ketones. I mean, there are there are different um strategies you can employ to to to raise your um ketones. And it brings comes back to the question of compliance. Like like you said, it'd be so much easier just to drink your ketones rather than to comply with a diet. I mean, we know for the general population to comply with any type of diet or lifestyle intervention, it tends to have a poor long-term adherence. Um and that could be in the best of circumstances. So, when someone suffers from chronic depression or from bipolar disorder, I I think we have to admit it's not sort of like a straight line of improvement, but there are, you know, peaks and valleys and ups and downs as you go along your journey. And when you have some of those val- those valleys and and some of those down moments, I'd imagine complying with a diet would be very challenging, much more challenging than the average person doing it. So, I'm curious what your clinical experience is there and what sort of advice you have for people to weather the ups and downs and to try and improve their their dietary compliance over the long run knowing it's not a straight line. Yeah, it's a really important question. Um so I have, you know, I have patients and I've written case reports about patients who've been doing this diet for their primary psychiatric condition for, you know, 13, 14 years. Uh I have patients um in my own practice six years now, 150 lb lost and kept it off. Um and that is the first patient that I described, the one with schizoaffective disorder. He basically lost 150 lb, is still in ketosis on ketogenic diet six years in. Um it's actually the primary concern from psychiatrists and uh neuroscientists is, you know, we get the science, Chris. You're you're you're selling us on the science. But how the hell can you get anybody to do this diet? And uh and what I tell them is, guess what? They're doing it. I'm getting some people to do it. Am I getting every person to do it? No. I'll be the first to admit it. So, I have some patients that can't do the diet because they are impoverished. And buying meat and a whole food type things, buying MCT oil is a lot more expensive than buying Fruit Loops and Pop-Tarts. And uh and they just don't have money. And we do not have systems in place to provide free food to them, let alone free nutritional counseling or dietary support or anything else. So, uh you know, insurance won't cover this right now. Uh I am hoping for the day when insurance will recognize that if this is in fact a powerful and effective intervention, it's a lot cheaper than a medication. Um it's a lot cheaper than 14 medications all at once. So, uh um I think insurance companies, you know, I'm I'm I'm working for the day when we can persuade insurance companies to start getting more involved and maybe even pay for people's food for 6 months or a year just to get them going. Um so that uh so that they can stabilize and then start to become more independent. You know, at the end of the day, the way that I get most of my patients to comply is I basically use a similar model that I use in trying to help an alcoholic stop drinking alcohol. You know, giving the advice is really easy. Stop drinking alcohol. It's straightforward. It's so easy. It just makes so much sense. And yet, when you give that advice to the overwhelming majority of alcoholics, they can't seem to do it not very easily. Um and that's kind of the definition of alcoholism. If they could stop easily, they wouldn't really be an alcoholic. And but but we have treatment programs all over the world based on these models. And and what do we do? We we talk with them about practical interventions. How are you going to manage your cravings? What are you going to do when you have a stressful day? What are you going to do when people are shoving a drink in your face? And what are you going to do during the holidays and family and friends are telling you, "Oh, come on, you can have just one. Really, you can. You've been so good all year. You can have one." You know, we But you really have to support people in all of those ways because it's not intuitive. So, providing an opportunity for people to get support either from a clinician, you know, dietitian, practitioner, whatever, or or a support group um where people are coming together to all talk about these types of issues and share insights. How do you make the meals palatable? Um what are foods that you can eat? What are foods that you can pack with you when you're out and about? And and you know that it's going to be hard to find appropriate foods in a restaurant. Um which restaurants can you go to? And what can you order there? Like you can go to McDonald's and Burger King and get highly ketogenic meals. And uh you really can. It It It's not rocket science. But most people don't recognize that and or they don't know how to assert themselves with the waitstaff. So, you got to go in and say, "I don't want a bun. I don't want ketchup. I don't want this. I don't want that." Um but you can And that's a that's such a great answer about the need for support. And I guess that's the problem because you don't need that same infrastructure to give a pill, to give a prescription, to take a pill. You don't need all that counseling, but you do for the lifestyle interventions. And that's what makes it so frustrating that that's not part of the medical system right now. So, I mean I I'm sure we're we're on the same line there that we need to make that part of the medical system to have that baked into the therapy just like you're saying for the insurance coverage and uh hopefully that day will come. I know you're a big advocate for that day coming and probably help further helping further the field so that we get to that point which leads me to how how else you are helping further the field not just by giving your talks, not just by treating patients, but also by contributing to the literature. Like you and Nick Norwitz have written a a wonderful review recently and you've written a number of papers Um tell me about what else you're involved in right now from from uh an academic and and literature standpoint to help further this field. I think that you know I've I've published a fair amount in you know in ketogenic diet for mental disorders. We've I've I've helped create a coalition of researchers and uh philanthropists and others to move this work forward. Um so as I said we've got clinical trials underway. There are a lot of people who are really interested and passionate about this work. You know I'll be honest with you the biggest thing that I'm focused on is you know as an academic psychiatrist I have been fascinated with this question of how the hell can a diet change a chronic brain disorder like schizophrenia. That is dumbfound it has been dumbfounding to me and is still dumbfounding to most because it flies in the face of everything we've been taught about what schizophrenia is but also about what bipolar disorder is, what chronic depression is, what alcoholism is and you know most of us think of these as brain disorders that involve chemical imbalances. Those are the chem you know the neurotransmitters in your brain. But we know that hormones play a role like cortisol. We It's thyroid hormone. We know that stress plays a role. We know that all sorts of things play a role. And I have been profoundly interested in this question of what exactly is happening in the body, in the brain that's resulting in these sometimes miraculous treatment responses, at least in some people. And how And can we put that together with the existing literature and the existing theories and make sense of it? And the reality is that that has happened. And so I'm not at liberty to share all of the secrets yet. But um But that will be coming in about a year. And I actually, as crazy as this sounds, I actually think this could result in a paradigm shift for the mental health field. Um because it simply it simply integrates all of the existing theories for mental illness into one comprehensive theory um that, you know, anybody who follows my work or has even listened to this conversation, it's not a stretch for you to imagine I'm going to argue they relate to metabolism. Um and uh But in order to really understand what that means, you have to understand what metabolism is. And the majority of people don't have any clue what metabolism is. Um they think of metabolism as burning calories and fat and nothing more. Um and in fact, metabolism is so much more than that. So in order to really understand how everything fits together, you have to understand the complex world of metabolism. And that means you have to understand the complex world of life, living organisms, and what keeps them living, and how they use food and environment to stay alive. but when you put it all together, it actually starts to fit. And I think it offers some dramatically new models of how to understand and treat mental illness. And it it's not a you know, won't be a surprise to this audience to know that well, one of the treatments is gosh, dietary interventions like the ketogenic diet. they can have a profound role. But um but I'm actually much more focused on the field of academic psychiatry and neuroscience right now. And trying to trying to help the field understand why would a dietary intervention make such a difference. So um so I'm working with a whole group of people, neuroscientists, clinicians, philanthropists, and we are really hoping to uh to possibly make a big splash and a big change in the mental health field in about a year from now. Well, that sounds amazing. I'm very excited to see what comes from that. And and good luck to you, and congratulations on all the work you're already doing. Um now, that would be the perfect place to to end this podcast on the high note, to wrap it all up, but I realized I forgot a question I wanted to ask. I wanted to I wanted to ask you a little bit more about eating disorders. And so, it's going to be a little out of out of out of flow here, but I think it's important that we touch on that. So, um just to to recap, I'm so excited for for what you're building for the future. But now, just to rewind and and talk about eating disorders. You know, it's controversial, especially with a ketogenic diet, because a number of people have gone on record saying nobody with an eating disorder should do a ketogenic diet, because it just brings out restrictive eating behaviors and can make make eating disorders worse. But, yet, we have case reports, and you have mentioned that ketogenic diets can actually be used to benefit eating disorders. So, what kind of advice can you give to somebody with an eating disorder who's struggling in their own mind? Is this something I should or should not do, because I've heard complete polar opposite things about whether a very low-carb or ketogenic diet can help it or hurt an eating disorder? It's a great question, and the answer the real answer is a long and complicated one. I I So, I'm going to start with it depends on what eating disorder we're talking about. So, there are three, you know, there different eating disorders. I'm going to put them into three main buckets. There's anorexia nervosa, in which people are starving themselves and usually grossly, very much underweight, and you know, anorexia nervosa is the single most deadly psychiatric illness. Just want to say that. Wow. As a As a percentage, more people die from anorexia nervosa than any other mental disorder. So, um that needs to be taken very seriously. Um then there's bulimia nervosa, uh where people are binging and purging, and there's a wide range of what their bodies might look like. People can be obese and have bulimia. People can be grossly underweight and have bulimia. And then there's binge eating disorder. And binge eating disorder is where people binge eat, but they do not compensate for those binges. And so, as a rule of thumb, the majority of people with binge eating disorder are overweight or obese. and but not all of them are, but most of them are. And uh and so it those are different disorders. And and the biggest difference that I'm I'm going to just stress is this difference between whether you have fat stores on your body or not. And that is critically important. When your body is in starvation mode for a prolonged period of time, it means that you are eating into your muscle and other organs for an energy source. And people with anorexia nervosa have been eating into their heart muscle as well. And uh as well as their, you know, liver and everything. I mean, they their organs are shrinking. That is a profoundly different state than somebody who weighs 400 lb and has a lot of excess energy stores on their body that they can tap into. So, that's probably the most critical distinction. The the reality is that I have published some case reports and I've worked with some researchers. There's a research study right now underway of the ketogenic diet um for anorexia nervosa. Um but they are augmenting it with ketamine injections. So, it's it's um the the ketogenic diet plus ketamine injections for anorexia nervosa. There's one case, um a woman that I have spoken with, um uh who uh has basically gotten her anorexia, her long-standing anorexia, into what appears to be remission. Um it's going on a year uh now, um and she is profoundly better um through this kind of dual intervention of the ketogenic diet plus a ketamine one round of a ketamine injection. Um you know, one of the case reports that I published of schizophrenia going into lasting remission that one particular woman also had a long-standing history of anorexia nervosa. Um so as a rule of thumb, I would say if you have a history of anorexia and certainly if you have current anorexia, you must do this with a mental health clinician. Period. Hands down. No No questions asked. Do not do this intervention on your own. Don't even try. I would actually go so far as to say if you have bulimia, you also need to do this hands down with a mental health clinician. If you have binge eating disorder, those are people who again tend to be overweight or obese and they can use this intervention in the same way that they would a weight loss diet. And you know, there are some published reports um more case series that when people do that, uh they find that their urges to binge, their quote unquote addiction to junk food can seemingly evaporate or go away. And um you know, if you are overweight or obese with binge eating disorder, I feel less concerned about your immediate safety. Like you have to do this in a rigorous way with controlled supervision. Certainly if you can do this with controlled supervision with a medical professional, I strongly encourage you to do so. Because people can get into trouble um with eating disorders. And it's just important that you recognize what your eating disorder symptoms have been and that you are monitoring them and and really following them. So, for some people, even with binge eating disorder, you know, I think part of the part of the recommendation against restrictive eating patterns for these people comes from a really long history of clinical observation. And this long history is that, you know, people with binge eating disorder in particular, they often want to lose weight. And so, they have they have tried innumerable diets. It's not like they haven't tried a diet. They've tried lots of diets. And oftentimes those diets are restricting. Um they, you know, I'm not going to eat as many calories. But, restricting for them can be eating in moderation. So, let's be clear about what restriction is. It's if once you have to implement rules around how much and when you can eat, that may feel restrictive to a lot of people. And so, if you're putting somebody on a 2,000 calorie diet, that's a restriction. Um it just is. And if you're telling them they can only eat three meals a day, that's a restriction. Um and some of those people, when they restrict themselves, they end up becoming overwhelmed with hunger. And they just get ravenous and famished, and then they go on a binge. And then they start binge eating. And at the end of the day, at best that ends up being a yo-yo diet, at worst it ends up being like a plateau, gain more weight, plateau, gain even more, plateau, gain even more. And it's just this awful vicious cycle in which the problem's only getting worse. The and and the the the the attempts at restricting don't result in any meaningful health benefit. but the consequence of that restriction results in even bigger binges and even more weight gain and even more health problems. So, I think that's where, you know, just to help at least people understand, I think that's where some of the dietitians and mental health professionals are coming from is that they've seen that pattern time and again. And so, when they hear ketogenic diet, they're like, "Oh my gosh, here we go again. Another restrictive diet, and then people are going to be on this vicious yo-yo cycle." Um as somebody who has, you know, professional experience with ketogenic diets, I really do see a lot of potential and hope for this treatment. I really do. I think that it can be a very powerful intervention, um and that if done correctly, people should not have overwhelming hunger. They shouldn't. I I tell people eat as much as you need to eat, but you've got to eat the foods that you're allowed to eat. So, in in the first week, that might mean they're eating more calories than normal, and that's okay with me. When I'm When I'm in putting someone on a ketogenic diet, I tell them, "Look, weight loss is not our primary goal right now. Even if I'm working with somebody whose goal is weight loss, I tell them in the first week, I'm not worried about losing weight. I'm worried about controlling hunger. And that means we need to get you off of the foods that you're used to eating. We need to get your ketones up, so that means that your body can use your fat stores as a fuel source. And once we do that, if we do that effectively, your hunger signals are going to go down, and then we can focus on you losing weight and because it will be so much easier and safer at that point." Yeah. So, such a great answer. I mean, and we use the term restrictive diet as if it means one thing, but clearly, as you just explained, restriction that makes you count calories and drives your hunger is very different from restricting the foods you eat in a way that means you can eat whenever you want. Your hungers take care of itself and you don't have to count calories. Those are two completely different definitions of a restrictive diet. I like how you summed that up and and talked about how it can have a an impact there. Well, once again, thank you so much for joining us. I mean, I think this has been a wonderful discussion about mental health disorders, about ketogenic diets and nutrition in general for mental health disorders and you teased us with what's coming over the next year and I I I'm so excited for what you're working on and I can't wait to see the results of that. Uh so, thank you thank you so much for joining us and we'll make sure that people know where to find you uh so they can hear more about what you're up to. Thank you, Brett. Thanks so much for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-po7ou [4 likes]: Your comment and from a lot of videos I have watched over the years of doing this diet change under a GP's supervision. I  live in Australia and my journey from 100kg down to 83kg at present and now 4 weeks into Carnivore has been one of self education. Trying to talk to my GP is a non starter.  They look at you as being bonkers, that you would consider diverting from THE HEALTH GUIDELINES is reckless. It is people like you and dozens of others on u-tube that have changed my life. I think trying to change the health guidelines is a waste of time when big pharma and the refined food industry has such a big input into what is healthy. U-tube has now become my GP because I do not trust my doctor.
  2. @FaithandFootsteps2026 [3 likes]: I, too, have to give my testimony. I have literally been living in depression for the past 10+ years. My emotions have been an exhausting roller coaster! I listened to another one of his podcasts and decided to give the Keto a try for my mental health. And so far, it's been almost a month and this is probably the most mentally stable I have ever been in my entire life. My eyes have brightened up and I feel so light and free. My cravings are practically gone because I would not trade a piece of cake for my peace of mind ever again in my entire life. Im going to stay on this path and by the grace of God, I am set free for good! This may not be a solution for everyone, but if you are curious and at your wits end, I say give the low-carb life a try!
  3. @devannyounger7660 [1 likes]: Had clinical depression, went on keto and off my meds. No depression and down 70 lbs. I love how he expressed it’s not for everyone and to continue therapy and medication with medical support. I am so happy to see it has helped others. ☺️
  4. @gerardjordaan2969 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video. I strongly believe in the work Dr Palmer has done and read his book. I am part of about 5 or 6 Bipolar support groups on Facebook. Not many people in the group are aware of the keto diets' effect on bipolar. I have been trying to spread the word. I have been on keto for 2 months now and feeling a lot better. Thanks Dr Palmer!
  5. @shevawnprather7162 [1 likes]: I feel sad for all being ‘fed’ false information all of these years and now the elite are trying to take it many steps further. 🙏
  6. @KetoCookbooksCorner [1 likes]: Very informative interview. Thank you 🙂
  7. @mthomas1800: ❤🙏🏼
  8. @smruti3744: I am in sever imtional pain and want to die . Can you help me
  9. @jeremyhorn9961: Does anyone have the names of the studies that show low calorie diets can be a risk factor for eating disorders?
  10. @Ariella-u9v: Last year it was found out that serotonin antidepressants do not work.  They discovered that there were people who had low serotonin who were NOT depressed and some depressed patients who had high serotonin.  In true depression these antidepressants take 4-6 weeks to work.  Was it the patient's own body that started the improvement? Did seeing the doctor regularly and feeling someone is interested have an effect?
  11. @christinwoodard3463: Thank you for this ❤
  12. @taddoerrvandervoortjr.2943: Metal Health is Metabolic Health. :)
  13. @peouspaul1258: Go for vegan keto .. eat very low glycemic carb can give us ketosis.
  14. @valeriegriner5644: I thought that the whole treatment diet for epilepsy was HIGH FAT/low carb. Maybe I'm confused, but I know that FAT is GOOD! Ketosis is GOOD!
  15. @valeriegriner5644: I hope that the ketogenic diet will be used AT THE VERY LEAST in conjunction with psychotropic drugs. Dr. Palmer is really wavering in this podcast...always choosing a DRUG first. Did Big Pharma threaten him?  Is his license in danger?Nearly 100% of anti-depressants have weight gain issues, sexual dysfunction side effects,  AND a warning for "suicidal ideation." I'm not a fan of the antidepressants(having taken most of them in the past). I believe that a "clean" ketogenic or carnivore diet is the ultimate answer.
  16. @anonymous-dk3um: Wait keto and ketamine? Thats basically what I do for fun.
  17. @Netineti_0: 38:20 explains why I’ve felt so good when I first tried low glycemic…now moving on to ketogenic
  18. @didjesbydan: If the first-line treatment he recommends over dietary change includes SSRIs, then this guy is not worth listening to.  I hope that is not what he meant.
  19. @catherinetd9668: Is it the ketones or is it the effect of modulating insulin fluctuations that produces the mental health benefits?
  20. @seniorbob2180: Do you think that it's possible that our DIETS are giving us these diseases?  Is it possible then that returning to a natural carnivore/keto fixes the cause: excess glucose/fructose/galactose along with plant toxins.

- #1 Absolute Best Diet to Reverse Mental Disorders | Dr. Chris Palmer: Kind: captions Language: en I noticed when you went through the diet piece for this hypothetical patient, we didn't bring in ketosis. And this ties back to earlier in the conversation, ketones being an alternative fuel for the brain. How does somebody know whether or not including the ketogenic diet would be a worthwhile piece of this puzzle? You know, I would start with the basic things that I outlined. If those aren't working, then I think you need to start considering more sophisticated advanced metabolic therapies which include ketogenic diets, but can also include things like supplements and vitamins and other things that and I don't want people taking a handful of vitamins and supplements because that can actually be harmful. So, you don't want to oversupplement. You don't want high levels of vitamins. you want adequate levels of vitamins and um other things but um uh you know there's photobiomodulation red light therapy other things so there are lots of metabolic strategies but there is zero doubt in my mind as a clinician who works with very ill people with treatment resistant mental illnesses schizophrenia bipolar disorder chronic unrelenting depression severe severe anxiety that paralyzes people. Um there is no doubt in my mind that ketogenic diets can be lifechanging for some people. Um I certainly don't think everybody needs to do it. Um not everybody is struggling that much and not everybody's metabolism is that disregulated or um dysfunctional so to speak. So the way I think about the ketogenic diet is it's an intervention just like fasting is an intervention. Um now for some people prolonged fasts can be really beneficial as we discussed and for some people with serious metabolic dysfunction. um prolonged ketogenic diets and we're really talking the order on the order of years a few years at least for some people prolonged ketogenic diets can be lifesaving. Um there's zero no doubt in my mind and the clearest example is epilepsy but we now have um we now have over 50 published case reports and pilot trials of the ketogenic diet being used for a wide range of neuroscychiatric disorders. Um Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, depression, um OCD is just getting published by our group. Um so uh wide range of disorders and over 1,900 people represented in those published research studies and countless others um literally thousands of people reaching out to me over social media sharing their stories of how they have healed and recovered using ketogenic therapies. Um with that said, it's not a one-sizefits-all treatment. With that said, it's not a panacea. If you're not sleeping well and you're using lots of marijuana, let me be the first to tell you, ketogenic diet is not going to magically fix all of that. Like, you've got to sleep. You've got to stop the marijuana. Sorry. You can't do your keto and you have your marijuana cake, too. You you you got to give up the marijuana. Um, and I've had patients in exactly that situation who were on ketogenic therapy. It was helpful, but the marijuana was really preventing their recovery. Um, uh, so I I know firsthand um, with patients that what I'm saying is true. So, so it's important to do the whole treatment package, not just one thing. Let's talk more about that multiple year thing. somebody who is going to give this a go and they're suffering severely right now. Well, for one, they should definitely work with somebody alongside what we're talking about. But when it comes to that multiple year ketogenic diet to cause what sounds like permanent changes in the brain, do we know what happens in the brain over that multiple years? It's a really important question. I have a speculation. Um, and I'll share that in just a sec. But I think what we know, you know, because being able to answer that means mechanisms of action, and it means usually it means having to dissect brain tissue and analyze it to see what's happening to it. We are not allowed to do those studies in humans. Let me just say that uh and repeat that. human trials with mechanisms of action like that they are impossible to do. Why? Because we are not allowed to slaughter humans after doing an intervention and then dissect their brain and analyze it. So that means we have to rely on animal studies and the animal studies that we most rely on are mouse studies, mouse, mice and rats. Um now immediately that raises questions, concerns, criticism. Well that's a mouse study. That's not a human. Well, okay, but we can't do this study in a human, so I don't know what you want. But what we do know from mouse studies is that ketogenic the and what we know from some imaging studies in humans, for example, is that ketogenic diets change neurotransmitter balance, neurotransmitter regulation function in the short run. Um uh and so in a study of people with bipolar disorder on ketogenic therapy, the researchers found that their glutamate levels were reduced. Um and that is associated with what's called hyperexitability um or an overactive brain cells or brain regions. Um so but in a nutshell, ketogenic diet changes neurotransmitters. Ketogenic diet also improves insulin signaling and glucose regulation and mitochondrial function within brain cells. We know that from lots of animal studies and other studies and even human studies where we can do imaging to measure some of those biomarkers. Ketogenic diet results in reduced brain inflammation. So we know that from Dr. Nora Vulka, who's the director of NAIDA, a world-renowned neuroscientist. She did one of those studies in people with alcoholism, alcohol use disorder. Um, put half of the people on a standard American diet, half of them on um a ketogenic diet, detox them, and when and when they detoxed, one of the findings was improved brain metabolism and reduced brain inflammation. So I'll stop there with just that that nut nutshell of kind of different mechanisms. We know that all of those things are obviously useful uh beneficial. Um and so it may be that the ketogenic diet is just doing all those things over time. It gets complex fast because the ketogenic diet is also changing the gut microbiome and is changing bodywide inflammation, not just brain inflammation. But it in terms of changing the gut microbiome, that may be one of its mechanisms of action because there's this gut brain connection through the vagus nerve and through other pathways that what's happening in the gut is influencing brain function. So some researchers actually are really more focused on that that the ketogenic diet is changing your gut biology and then that in turn is impacting your brain biology. So it could be through that complex mechanism. At the end of the day, what I believe is happening and we have a good amount of evidence to support this um from animal studies and others that I believe what's happening is the process that we've talked about that your brain cells are slowly but surely getting rid of defective mitochondria and replacing them with new and healthy mitochondria and that your brain cells are actually increasing mitochondrial density. so that they are becoming more resilient and more robust. So that after a few years a lot of people with epilepsy, we have the most evidence within epilepsy. A lot of people with an epilepsy who can become seizure-ree on a ketogenic diet are often able to stop the ketogenic diet after somewhere between two to five years and remain seizureree. So it is not a lifetime treatment. It is a two to five year treatment to kind of heal your brain so to speak, allow your brain to repair itself. And then a lot of patients, not all, because some people do need to do it for life. Unfortunately, we don't exactly know what's going on or why they need the ketogenic diet. Um, but most people can stop it. Most people can stop it and they appear to be recovered. they remain in remission and I think what I can safely say is that somehow something happened that allowed them to heal and um whether it's through inflam inflammation whether it's through the gut microbiome whether it's through mitochondria whether it's through neurotransmitters at the end of the day I'm kind of like who cares I mean it is interesting to me as a scientist great questions to answer but for the time being who cares car matters. All that matters is that this person is better and has a better life and is healed and recovering. That's what matters. If it was you and you were doing say two to five years on a ketogenic diet, if you were in that period of coming off it and seeing how your body reacted, would you just do say after a couple years the odd test day ramping up the carbs for a day or two and kind of just see how you feel? Basically somebody transitioning out, how do you guide somebody? You know, there's actually controversy in the epilepsy field on this exact question. So, some people, some neurologists who use the ketogenic diet to treat epilepsy, you know, when they decide, okay, today's the day we're going to transition off, they'll say, "Eat whatever the hell you want. I don't care. Um, just do whatever you want." Uh, and for some patients, that works out fine. For some it doesn't and and then they have a seizure and then it's like oh you need the ketogenic diet again. Um I tend not to do that because when you tell people eat whatever you want they almost always go for ultrarocessed junk food and they're like oh I've been craving brownies and ice cream and you know all this kind of candy bars and everything so they just binge eat all that. Um, I usually tend to have people gradually increase protein levels, gradually increase carbohydrate levels in the form of vegetables and fruit, um, and see how they tolerate it. So, I'm still keeping them on a whole food diet, real whole foods. Um, but now they're at now they may not be in ketosis anymore if they're eating a lot of fruit or if they're eating a lot more meat. Um, they may not no longer be in ketosis. And then we just assess what's happening. If their symptoms are coming back, especially if they're coming back with a vengeance, then we know, okay, get back on the keto diet, like like let you're not ready. Um, what I find is that the longer people are on it, this two to five year thing really is true. It and it's I know that it that's even a broad range. 3 years is a long time. Um, whether you have to do it for two years or five years, it is a big difference in the grand scheme of life. In the grand scheme of suffering from schizophrenia, it's trivial. In the grand scheme of suffering from treatment resistant epilepsy, it's trivial. Two years, 5 years. The real question is not two years or five years. The real question is seizure freedom or not. The real question is with schizophrenia is do I want remission of my schizophrenia or not? Do I want to live the rest of my life disabled from schizophrenia or do I want to recover from schizophrenia? And then the question of two fi years, five years, it becomes irrelevant to most people. It's like, yeah, that that we'll figure it out and we'll deal with it. And yeah, it might be unfair. Yeah, it might suck, but whatever. We'll suck it up and just do it. And do you find during that 2 to 5 years, people need to be 100% strict? Because it's easy to say between the two of us here, do this in conversation. But when people are out in the real world, you know, there's parties and different one-off events and somebody might just have 100 grams of carbs one day and bump themselves out of ketosis. Would you say if that happens that resets that 2 to 5 year time frame or is there a little bit of leeway there for people to have quote unquote off days? So it it's a really important question. From my experience for people with severe mental illness, from my experience, in the first 6 months to one year, no cheat days are allowed. Period. End of story. Now, people will go ahead and cheat anyway, but they almost always suffer the consequences. Almost always their symptoms come back with a vengeance. So that means their hallucinations and delusions were finally once and for all starting to get better. Maybe they got so much better that the person now thinks, "I'm cured. I'm cured. I don't need this keto diet anymore. I don't need any of it. I'm cured. I'm going to eat whatever I want." They eat whatever they want. Within 24 hours, the the hallucinations are tormenting them. they're louder than ever. They're like trying to drown them out. They're they're, you know, or they're suicidal or whatever. Um, in those situations, first and foremost, I'm a psychiatrist and I make sure that the person is safe and so we work on a safety plan and we do whatever we need to do to keep that person safe and keep everyone else safe. But I immediately get them back on a ketogenic diet. I might even encourage them to fast, do a water fast for 24 to 48 hours if they're open to that because that is the fastest way to get back into a high level of ketosis. And I've been through that many times now with patients. And I want to just say that situation that I just described is the primary reason patients with severe mental illness can in fact do this diet and stick with it. One of the biggest criticisms of this diet from people is like nobody can do a diet. Nobody can stick with it. I tried to lose 10 pounds and I couldn't stick with it. It was too hard. Well, yeah, it was too hard for you because you actually just losing 10 pounds is not that motivating and you don't really care that much about it and you'd rather have your cake and you'd rather have your party with your friends and so you can't stick with that diet. That normal person who's just trying to lose 10 pounds. Yeah, I get it. It's it's really hard for the patients that I'm working with. They are fighting for their lives. They're fighting for their sanity. When they break the diet and their hallucinations come back and torment them, two days later, they're saying to themselves, "I'll never do that again. That that party was awful. I'm not going to parties anymore. Or if I do go to parties, I'm just gonna drink some like sparkling water. That that's I'm gonna drink sparkling water with a lime in it, and that's good for me. And I'll just eat my keto meal right before I go so that I'm not hungry while I'm there, and I'll be fine. But I'm never going to do that again because that was really awful. I almost ended up in the hospital or I almost ended up dead. And that is the reason why I can get patients with severe crippling mental illness to do this diet and stick with it. Um, if they didn't have that negative consequence of breaking the diet, I wouldn't be able to get them to do the diet. Weight loss weight loss experts often can't get people to stick with the diet again because the consequences of breaking it aren't that bad. Actually, they're rewarding. If anything, people feel better. Oh, it was such a fun party. I really enjoyed all that food and it was such a nice time. It's like, well, there goes your weight loss journey. I hear what you're saying there with that piece of reinforcing this is working and adding that extra layer of motivation to stick to the diet from that point forward. But metabolically having that bolus of glucose does that reset the time frame? Do you feel like metabolically they need to go through two to five years again from that point or it's all part of that you know two to five year period even with the odd cheat day and that reinforcement? No. If the if the cheat days are short-lived one or two days um it it by no means does that reset the clock. Um uh and the reason again the way so we know that with the epilepsy field we know that with some other kind of areas. So the way that I think about it is that um again I mean we really don't know the precise mechanism of action of what is it doing and why 2 to 5 years why not one month why not 10 years why not a lifetime like what what is happening magically during this 2 to 5 year period that that is resetting the system and allowing people to then move on with their life and do whatever diet they want and live happily ever after we really don't know but my strong speculation is it's this mitochondrial biogenesis and mphagy and mitochondrial density these issues and that is just a slow process over time that um and one cheat day doesn't like take your cell all the way back to complete utter mitochondrial dysfunction and disregul regulation. It It might take it back a little bit. It might stop the healing process for a few days. It might even take you a few steps back, but it doesn't reset the clock. Like you've you've done some of the repair. You've done some of the autophagy that needed to be done. Um but you haven't finished. You haven't really reset and reestablished a new normal for that cell yet. And that's what we're trying to do is we're we're not only trying to clean out all the waste, buff up the cell, but we're trying to establish a new normal for that cell. A a new normal of resilience and function and regulation. Um, and that process, I think I can say based on the empirical evidence that we have with epilepsy for a hundred years, that process appears to take 2 to 5 years for most people. Okay. So, for somebody that is going to go all in on the ketogenic diet, apply what we've been talking about today, the different levers, really give this a go. You quickly mentioned supplements. any supplements you'd include along with all that to help facilitate these metabolic changes? The two supplements that I most commonly recommend as augmentation with a ketogenic diet are magnesium and light salt. So, a combination of sodium and potassium. Um, so electrolytes can get depleted. A lot of people are deficient in magnesium anyway. So those are kind of standard pillars in my mind. Light salt, you know, the combination of sodium and potassium has been found to reduce cardiovascular events in pretty good population studies like in China randomized control trials I should say in China. Um they've like taken thousands of people. So I stand solidly behind those two recommendations. the other supplements that are plus or minus depending on your lab values and other factors. So, I don't universally recommend these to people, but the other ones that might get included are carnitine, creatine um and then there are lots of others. I mean, some people use CoQ10 um or other CoQs. Some people um use different vitamins and anti-inflammatory agents and resveratrol and I mean there are all sorts of other things that are all related to everything we've talked about metabolism and mitochondrial function. Um but uh I again I don't universally recommend those supplements. And the biggest takeaway I want to just say with supplements, cuz everybody hears a pill that you can take and then they don't want to do the other work and they just want to take the pill. Let me be clear. If you are not going to change your lifestyle and you're you think you're going to get away with only taking carnitine or creatine, good luck to you. I I I don't I don't I'm not wishing you poorly. If it works for you, great. What I can tell you is I don't think it's gonna work. And don't be shocked when it doesn't work because you're gonna have to do the work. Um, you're gonna have to do the work to get it to work. And the work is changing diet and lifestyle and other things. And then the supplements can be added when needed. when you're doing the work and it's just not yielding the results that you we should expect or when you reach a plateau and something just it seems like you need a nudge to get to that next level that's when some of these supplements vitamins can intermittently be good interventions. How do you feel about uralithna? There's a lot of talk in our world about that in general and it directly relates to mitochondria. What do you think about it? So, urthan a we actually it is a mitochondrial supplement um uh that induces mphagy and mitochondrial biogenesis. We have reasonably good data actually in elderly people that just just taking ural with an A can increase muscle capacity. it can increase strength and muscle endurance. Um, just taking the supplement. Now, obviously, exercise is the better way to do it, but if you add some urolithna with your exercise, you might get a little more bang for the buck. Um, so I'm not opposed to urolithna. Again, I'm I'm you often reluctant to talk too much about supplements because the takeaway for too many people is, "Oh, I'll go out and take that supplement and not do any of that other hard stuff." Um or or they hear that stuff and they're like, "Well, I'm on a healthy diet." Well, they're not actually not on a healthy diet, but they tell themselves, "I'm on a healthy diet. My diet is fine. I eat whole grain cereal every morning and I, you know, with skim milk and I, you know, and I have my neutra grain bars, which are ultrarocessed foods that are loaded with sugars and other things and and they really do tragically think that they're eating a healthy diet because some dietitian told them that was a healthy diet and it's not a healthy diet. So in and and unfortunately taking uroliththna probably won't do much for that. But yeah, as an augmentation strategy to promote mitochondrial health um especially if somebody just needs a little extra edge, yes, I am all for it. Do I think that uralithn on its own will will stop seizures? No. There's no reason for me to believe that uralithn on its own will stop seizures. But a ketogenic diet will sometimes at least it doesn't for everyone. But a ketogenic diet can stop seizures. And that is really really powerful and life-changing. If you enjoyed that clip, you're going to want to head over here and catch the full episode. I'll see you over there. There is zero doubt in my mind as a clinician who works with people with that ketogenic diets can be life-changing for some people. the very first signs of Parkinson's disease.

  Top Comments:
  1. @b-rad0705 [106 likes]: For anyone scrolling the comments, desperate for inspiration.

2 years ago i was embroilled in a toxic soup of severe OCD, anxiety, panic disorder and mild depression.

Now, thanks to a keto/carnivore lifestyle, I am 80-90% free of these symptoms. I have since garnered the motivation to quit alocohol, vaping and other habits that destroy my quality of life.

Ive lose 10kg (weight loss has stalled, but im trusting the process), and am building a business. Im in a job now that im happy with, when 2 years ago i was too scared to make a change.

Ive suffered 3 bereavements the last 6 months, and have remained unwaivered. Ive developed resilience!!! I never had this before.

My life has changed.
  2. @dylanlyon22 [37 likes]: Carnivore cured my lifelong depression!
  3. @jf7952 [16 likes]: Absolutely LOVE Chris Palmer!!! He is brilliant, knowledgeable and humble!!! What a combination... genuinely helpful and overall great human!!
  4. @suebrookes7136 [10 likes]: So IT IS THE GUT.THST MAKES SENSE TO ME BECAUSE WHEN MY GUTS OFF MY ANXIETY DISSORDER IS BAD.
  5. @JesseChappus [9 likes]: Watch the full interview with Dr. Chris Palmer on YouTube 👉 https://youtu.be/5SGyYOC3OOU

Thanks for watching! If you're enjoying this clip, please click the LIKE button on the video and let me know. -Jesse 💙
  6. @bruceberry1111 [9 likes]: Another possibility is that ketosis is the preferred human metabolic state. That it is not some unusual or aberrant condition to be approached with hesitation, but that its the natural way we were evolved to live. High carbohydrate intake is the bizarre and (biologically) very recent practice, as evidenced by agriculture being only a few hundreds of generations old.
  7. @aguy559 [7 likes]: “You’ve GOT TO sleep” is the mentality that leads to sleeplessness.
  8. @suebrookes7136 [5 likes]: I have Anxiety and my starts when my gut is off.
  9. @dayanaocampo1190 [4 likes]: I've suffered from a very rare autoinmune disease for over 30 years. I started the carnivore diet almost 3 years ago, and I stopped having the very painful and frequent flare-ups. I've noticed that if I cheat a lot or get off from the diet, a flare-up will immediately start. Sporadical cheat moments are ok, but it's not worth it in the long run.
  10. @GavinMaGrath [4 likes]: Dr.Palmer is kinda full of it in public.  I believe he is way, way more extreme in reality. He puts his patients on a 90% fat diet if they have serious psychiatric disorders.  I think he's much bigger on the carnivore diet in private. I understand his position as a renound Psychiatrist and Harvard professor, he can't appear too radical. He skips around cancer treatment on his podcast with Jordan Peterson very carefully slips in that it's possible to reverse some early stage cancer without saying it. He's a master at saying you should be in ketosis for everything without saying you should be in ketosis for everything
  11. @dreww1818 [3 likes]: Thanks for this video, Jesse! Appreciate Dr. Palmer's wealth of knowledge concerning diet protocols and mental health treatment.
  12. @ValMoss-vi4zh [3 likes]: Our cells remember
  13. @chriswoyce6285 [2 likes]: Coconut cream saves my keto diet 👍
  14. @dario2rnr [2 likes]: Going back to the food that caused the problem doesn't sound smart to me. Keto for life sounds good to me.
  15. @PeiwenCheong-l3t [2 likes]: I try to died starving which accidentally start ketosis 😂
  16. @lucasvermeulen4454 [1 likes]: I have been doing keto for 4 weeks. But at times, I feel my glucose is too low. I get trembly, horribly depressed. 

Is it possible that glucose is too low to properly excecute primairy bodily functions? And if so, must I make sure this gets to appropriate levels? 

I am struggling with this. Because either:

1. I pull thru this long episode of low blood sugar by denying excessive protein or any carbs, or

2. I give in to this seemingly basic bodily need and statisfy this need by eating for example 200 g pure bio almond nut butter (17 g carbs / 100 g). 

Which option should I choose according to you.
  17. @kaydenl6836 [1 likes]: The tangent about weed was… odd. Weed doesn’t impair ketosis lmao. THC is actually get soluble so… you consume fats to take edibles. That’s why gummies often don’t hit as hard as chocolates or straight cannabutter.

Does weed make some people anxious? Sure. It also helps a lot. For me, it helps lessen the intrusive thoughts. It slows my brain down and stops it from jumping from thought to thought as much.
  18. @GabrielaFelt-hw1wx [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video. It’s so helpful.❤
  19. @ГалинаМаринова-м5д: I tried to find some medical keto recepies and found out that there are many websites that promote processed food as keto. Keto powders, mixes... I saw people making videos for medical keto, eating ham or fillet (probably someked) - its full of bad things. I think that the right way to follow the therapy is to minimize or eliminate all processed foods. To cook the food at home from 0. To use only sea salt, pepers and natural herbs. To eliminate not only the sugar, but all artificial sweetners, because they are worse than regular sugar.
  20. @aguy559: I’m on keto at the 1.5 week mark. I’m taking it for my OCD. I thought the keto flu was just supposed to be a few days but I’m feeling rough.

- The Story of Doris: The Ketogenic Diet for Treating Schizophrenia | Dr. Chris Palmer, MD: Kind: captions Language: en foreign Why Don't We Begin right in the action with a case study could you please tell the story and I do not know the full story at all I really just have a prompt in front of me and that is the story of a 70 year old woman who had chronic paranoid schizophrenia for 53 years why don't we start there if you wouldn't mind I'm gonna actually use her real name because she gave me permission to use her real name and the book I call her Mildred but her real name is Doris and Doris had a horrible childhood she had a lot of PTSD depression other things at by the time she turned 17 she was diagnosed with schizophrenia she had daily hallucinations and delusions over the ensuing decades she tried numerous antipsychotics mood stabilizers antidepressants and other medicines none of them worked to stop her symptoms she slowly but surely gained massive amounts of weight and you know by the time she was 68 she was miserable I hated herself hated her life from the ages of 68 to 70 she tried to kill herself at least six times and was hospitalized for those suicide attempts and at the age of 70 she was referred to a weight loss clinic at Duke University where they were using the ketogenic diet as a weight loss method and she decided to give it a try for whatever reason and within two weeks not only did she begin losing weight that she spontaneously reported that her long-standing auditory hallucinations were going away within months all of her symptoms of schizophrenia were in full and complete remission within six months she was off all psychiatric medications and remained in full and complete remission Doris went on to live for another 15 years she lost 150 pounds so the weight loss thing was secured but much more important she remains symptom-free from symptoms of schizophrenia she remained off psychiatric medications she remained out of psychiatric hospitals she never tried to kill herself again and when I last spoke with her she actually said she was happy to be alive she attributed her she attributed her recovery primarily to God that she really felt that it was a miracle from God and uh and she asked me to tell her story far and wide to anyone who would listen in the hopes that it might help even one other human being spare the suffering she endured for decades sadly Doris passed away this past January of coveted pneumonia

  Top Comments:
  1. @celestialxdiva [19 likes]: Thank you Doris, Dr. Palmer and Chris. My brother has suffered from schizoaffective disorder for over 22 years and I have helped him go on a Whole Foods diet and he said 50% of his symptoms are gone. I'm about to help him with a ketogenic diet now in hopes 100% of his symptoms are gone because is 80 pounds overweight due to the pharmaceutical drugs. Which in turn caused him to have metabolic syndrome with Type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure
  2. @mannye21 [6 likes]: Thank you Doris and Dr. Palmer!
  3. @gavinsymes-wizardot [4 likes]: We can only hope this becomes a mainstream intervention that overcomes out of date nutrition dogma. Shout out to Chris Palmer.
  4. @Freespirit77778 [3 likes]: Isn’t that telling you traumatic child hood might be the cause of some people mental illness? Stressful situations can trigger our symptoms. It’s sad we just can’t be around toxic people. Toxic people are the reason for traumatic childhood or tragic event like car crash or seeing your love one being killed. When we are kids our brains vulnerable. That’s why kids need to have a good childhood so they can live right in their adulthood. If your childhood was full of love you are truly blessed. Toxic people destroys children even evil children can destroy other children. That’s just what I believe.
  5. @Kiswa_Art [3 likes]: Thank you sooo much for sharing her story it gave me soo much hope for my patient God bless you
  6. @joycelawrence1396 [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing Doris' healing story for all of us to learn from.  I am passing it on.
  7. @Unbreakablesoulsallennvee [2 likes]: Omg i needed this
  8. @TheQuietLensAU [1 likes]: Doris will be amongst those resurrected in paradise. She gave glory to God and He will reward her.
  9. @bebrave1110 [1 likes]: 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  10. @yampana1245 [1 likes]: I think fasting/keto is a cure. Even Jesus said some "demons" can only be removed through fasting and prayer. Open mind kind of needed to accept this. Jesus says to have faith, and I wonder if certain drugs work well because of the faith the person has that it will work. Just a thought
  11. @Itzjoe2557 [1 likes]: Love you Doris I’m there for you ❤️
  12. @LeaLopez-777 [1 likes]: Amem 🙏🏼🙌🏼
  13. @byoutopia [1 likes]: Amazing account except makes no sense to attribute any recovery to a supernatural deity instead of the ketogenic therapy after the poor woman suffered for decades.
  14. @bettycano7: Amen
  15. @Voytek_followerof_JesusChrist: Amen 🙏🏻
  16. @orphan04: Do you think dr Ken Berrys carnivore diet would work too ?
  17. @jennyturner5849: Thank you so much for sharing this
  18. @eugeneokorie2598: Ul
  19. @KingAidan98: As a schizophrenic your brain won’t stop over flooding with dopamine and serotonin simply by cutting out sugar. The brain produces these chemicals naturally too much as a schizophrenic. I was starving and on keto when I had my first episode psychosis mainly cause I thought all my food had been positioned. More misinformation. Delete the video
  20. @KingAidan98: Miss information. Then why isn’t this part of our growing understanding in the scientific community

- Keto and Metabolic Treatments for Mental Health w/Dr. Chris Palmer: Kind: captions Language: en so many people are taking their pills they're doing their therapy they're doing everything in their power and they're not getting better they are not getting fully better yeah and they are struggling and what I'm here to say is there is hope there is hope for those people for you you if people understand the metabolic Theory the metabolic basis of brain disorders we can help people heal and recover and as we talk so it helps us understand current treatments a little better but it also opens up entirely new possibilities in terms of new medications we might think about weight loss drugs maybe for your brain health as well but also dietary interventions like the ketogenic diet or other exercise sleep and other things hey everyone I'm really excited to have a special guest on today it's Dr Chris Palmer he's a Harvard psychiatrist who's been researching the connection between metabolic disorders and mental health disorders he's also the author of the book Brain energy which is the case for metabolic disorders underlying or being the cause of many mental health conditions and he's starting to see a lot of results uh with metabolic treatments which include keto diet intermittent fasting um certain medications sleep exercise and other metabolic treatments having a really massive impact on improving mental health and this is kind of the Leading Edge of the future of mental health treatment so really excited that he was willing to take a few minutes out of his busy day to uh talk with us let's jump in thank you so much for being here really really appreciate it thank you for inviting me yeah so um can you tell us as briefly as possible um what's the underlying theory behind metabolic treatments for mental health so the underlying Theory really is that the brain disorders that we call men mental illness are largely metabolic disorders impacting the bra brain and although this gets metabolism gets really complicated fast the reality is that there are some treatments that are actually quite simple diet exercise sleep lifestyle factors that can actually play really a foundational role in treating mental illness and I think the stocking things so most people hear that and they think well yeah of course good diet is good for your health and maybe mental health the shocking thing is that when you actually understand the science you can use specific dietary interventions for example like the ketogenic diet to treat really serious severe chronic brain conditions like schizophrenia bipolar disorder and other mental health conditions yeah it's it's fascinating to me and I'm so so excited to watch these studies roll out and to see like this nutritional mental health approach or this holistic or metabolic mental health approach I've been following um and talking with Lauren from Living Well schizophrenia for a couple of years are you familiar with her story I am familiar with her story I just was in in a retreat a metabolic Psychiatry retreat with her in Florida couple weeks ago and Lauren is just a phenomenal person she's awesome I love the work she's she's been doing and I'm going to play a short clip of her for my audience but I also have seen other people experience some pretty big changes when they've made these metabolic shifts so we're going to talk a little bit about I want to hear your perspective on the ketogenic diet and how that impacts metabolism but first i'm just going to share a quick story is that my friend who is also a therapist has had horrible migraines um for years but recently she's going into par menopause they're getting worse and worse to the point where she wasn't able to work anymore and she tried about 10 or 15 different treatments including medication including Lifestyle Changes including seeing a chiropractor and um finally her migraine doc said let's try a medical keto diet and um she's basically not having any migraines anymore she ate some chocolate on Halloween and got a headache the next day but it's like her symptoms have gone down by 90% wow congratulations you that's that's an amazing story and to me the thing the thing that's so hopeful about story like that is that it's not that medical keto is going to cure everyone but it it opens up entirely new ways to understand these illnesses and completely different strategies other than just try another pill it opens up completely new strategies that we should be considering I love okay let's step back a little bit because I love your take on that I've read the first three quarters of your book and I love how you explain from a medical doctor's perspective how the overly simplified explanation of oh a chemical imbalance or low serotonin is not the most effective way to explain the underlying cause of mental health conditions I know this is complicated this is like four chapters in your book can you give us a very like a brief explanation of how metabolic conditions or can you debunk the chemical imbalance theory in one minute so the chemical imbalance theory has been debunked if for people who don't know it and researchers have spent decades doing brain Imaging studies they've been biopsying brain tissue they've been looking at the fluid surrounds the brain and the spinal cord they've been tirelessly looking for the chemical imbalance and it does not exist so that is unequitable now that does not mean that medications that affect serotonin don't work that's right it just means that our understanding of how those medications work work is wrong it's the medications are not correcting a chemical imbalance and instead what I encourage people to think is that the medications including ssris are actually improving brain metabolism that when they do work that is how they're working so the the bigger picture though is once you understand that brain metabolism is fundamental to the function of the brain brain once you understand this bigger picture you can better understand how some medications might reduce symptoms and how that might actually not be good over the long run that medications that impair brain metabolism can sometimes paradoxically reduce symptoms in the short run that might become addictive and or lead to Chronic disorders in the long run and so understanding the details gets super complicated but it is understandable certainly for clinicians and for people who are interested in science they can understand this but once you understand it it opens up entirely new ways to think about and treat mental illness yeah I found that fascinating as I read your book and I I loved your description of how the metabolism is connected to our brain health and our brain functioning overall the easier simpler version that I would offer is that when we put food into our mouth and it gets absorbed and goes through our bloodstream it gets broken down serially into smaller and smaller pieces components molecules chemicals okay and our cells need those chemicals from the food our cells need those those byproducts from the food and they use it for two things primarily they use the the our food for energy production so it creates energy so that our cells and our bodies work but it also gets converted into the building blocks that make up our cells that make up our bodies and so that is what metabolism is and metabolism is actually kind of fundamental to the definition of living organisms so it is massive super complicated the simple version is food into energy and building blocks and that's what powers our brains that What Makes Us function that's what makes us healthy and or not healthy and when there are problems with metabolism fundamentally there will be problems with the way cells function and when cells in your brain are not functioning properly you can have symptoms of mental illness yeah okay that thank you so much for giving a a more clear but specific definition of that so understanding mental health from a metabolic approach what options does that give us as far as treatment and what are we learning from from the research and studies so I think one of the things is that we're not going to throw out what we already know so of course Psychotherapy works for so many people and of course medications work for so many people yep but this Theory helps us understand how and why maybe those are working in more sophisticated terms and more complex terms and we curently maybe think about them so again like we discussed before the medications aren't correcting a chemical imbalance instead I want you to think about them is modulating your brain metabolism and once you understand that then you can understand is this helping brain metabolism or is it hurting brain metabolism both can actually have beneficial effect in the short run paradoxically but once you understand that then you can make more rational decisions about What treatments you should do maybe in the short run because you're in crisis or because you're suicidal or because somebody's having a psychotic episode or a manic episode or severely depressed that yes we're going to use whatever we need to use to save people's lives and to help people you know be okay but then we can think more in a more sophisticated way over the long run how can we help this person heal and recover and so many people are doing the best treatments they've got so many people I see them every day in my practice so many people are taking their pills they're doing their therapy they're doing everything in their power and they're not getting better they are not getting fully better yeah and they are struggling and what I'm here to say is there is hope there is hope for those people for you you if you people understand the metabolic Theory the metabolic basis of brain disorders we can help people heal and recover and as we talk so it helps us understand current treatments a little better but it also opens up entirely new possibilities in terms of new medications we might think about weight loss drugs maybe for your brain health as well but also dietary interventions like the ketogenic diet or other exercise sleep and other things that's fascinating I that that's such an interesting lens to take on this and I think when we look at whole body Health maybe we could we could see anecdotally or through studies that sleep really helps mental health like healthy sleep and a healthy diet a good Rich diet helps mental health and exercise is one of the most effective treatments for M moderate depression for example but understanding them from a metabolic lens these all help support a healthy metabolism correct absolutely exactly and and that's why you know on the surface some people say well we already kind of knew this this is so obvious everybody knows it and yes that's true unfortunately not everybody going to Mental Health professionals is getting that kind of advice sometimes they're just being asked to take another pill and another pill and nobody's really talking to them about how can you get better sleep how can you improve your diet how can you get some exercise or build some exercise into your routine sometimes we're not taking the time to do that with people and then as I said for even severe chronic cases if you really understand the science you can get super sophisticated and think about ketogenic therapies to treat very serious disorders like schizophrenia and bipolar oh yeah so let's jump into that I've read a couple of the studies that have come out where they're treating yeah schizophrenia bipolar disorder with a medical keto diet a medical keto diet as I understand it is tell me if this is correct under 20 carbs a day is that about right or even less usually yep and one of the studies out of France they took 30 people in a psych wward they did uh ketoy and some massive decreases and symptoms um with the 27 who were able to stick with the diet yes the so those were patients who had treatment resistant schizophrenia bipolar and depression and I think it was 28 of them who were able to do the diet total and of the ones who were able to do the diet 100% had at least Improvement in symptoms but 46% had remission of illness that doesn't happen with current treatments remission of illness and these are people with schizophrenia bipolar chronic unrelenting depression yeah pretty pretty crazy so what can you say about that are there other studies showing that efficacy where are we going with this there are so right now the great news is we've got about 20 clinical trials worldwide of the ketogenic diet for mental health conditions eight of them are randomized controlled trials meaning that patients are getting either a ketogenic diet or something else like a different dietary intervention so that we can compare it and so a lot of that research is going on but we had a study just published a few months ago from Stanford Medical School looking at 21 patients who had treatment resistant bipolar disorder and schizophrenia and I think it was uh over 70% of the patients had clinically meaningful Improvement in their symptoms everybody who came in with metabolic syndrome reversed their metabolic syndrome most of the patients lost weight and then there was another study in the UK in patients about 20 patients with bipolar disorder what they found was that that patients who did the diet the higher the level of ketones the greater the Improvement oh yeah and they yeah they noticed Improvement in impulsivity mood anxiety and other symptoms of bipol disorder and they could correlate that with the Ketone so just to back up when you do a ketogenic diet you're shifting your you can tell me if I'm correct on this shifting your your energy Supply basically from carbohydrates to ketones yes the body will always use some carbohydrates so they're always and even if you don't eat any carbohydrates your body makes glucose on its own okay but but yes you're definitely shifting metabolism much more toward fat and Ketone uh energy and that's that's a more stable source of energy how does that improve metabolis so that's the that's actually kind of a paradox okay so that a lot of this work is actually based on this Century old observation that fasting has healing potential in humans oh yeah so pretty much every culture has used fasting for healing um my relig tradition we fast one 24hour period every month and there you go now the perfect Testament to it and I think that so many religions and cultures have figured this out and the reason they built it into to their practices because they recognized this is actually beneficial for human health humans live longer we're thriving more we're happier we're more connected we're more connected to God even we're just we just feel more alive we were in touch with ourselves with our bodies with the spirit more when we're practicing fasting and you know discredited by Western medicine Western medicine that I'm I've been a part of I've been at Harvard for almost 30 years most western medicine thinks that's all just a bunch of religious folklore and it's just that it's nonsense there's no way any of that's true yeah the science is catching up the science actually tells us no there it really is true and now we can actually understand these biological mechanisms through which it helps interesting okay so if we take this to a practical level we've got people watching this channel thinking I want to improve my mental health how can I apply metabolic treatments to this I think people could access the resources to improve their sleep to improve their exercise potentially improve their diet in a more moderate way like shifting over to maybe a more Mediterranean diet approach or more fruit and vegetable or vegetable heavy approach but if they wanted to do other interventions should they try keto how should they go about it on a practical level what do you recommend where would they find someone to help them with this yeah so this is the frustrating answer that I just have to give so if somebody's got a mild to moderate mental health condition I think it's fine for you to try a ketogenic diet or low carbohydrate diet on your own there there very little risk Millions literally millions and millions of people around the world are doing it to try to lose five or 10 pounds yeah it is unlikely that is going to be harmful here's the frustrating part the frustrating part for a lot of people is if you have a serious mental illness chronic depression suicidality bipolar schizophrenia I really implore you to work with a mental health professional on this and it's not because the ketogenic diet is dangerous it's because those conditions are dangerous those conditions are life-threatening mental health conditions and the ketogenic diet is actually a power F intervention and when you pair a powerful intervention with a life-threatening mental health condition you may not always be safe and you may just not you need the best advice you can get and you need to know how to effectively do it I also want those people to make sure they're doing it right yeah like if you just wing it you might do it right but a lot of people don't they're not doing it right they're they're doing it wrong they think they're doing it right and if you have a severe mental illness you deserve a chance at remission like these other people are getting like Lauren got yeah you deserve that chance and Lauren's a perfect example Laur you know Lauren I had gone on her podcast probably a year and a half ago she had actually told me then I tried that keto thing and it didn't work and only when she started working with a mental health professional who knew how to do the medical version of the ketogenic diet has she achieved remission now and so she's a perfect example of somebody who she did her best she is such a brilliant smart kind person yeah but how would she know what a medical keto diet looks like we can't expect people to know this just off the top of their head and so when you're treating really serious mental health conditions I do ask people to work with their mental health professionals here's the thing that I think people experience on a practical level let's start with depression someone has severe depression they try studying they try being grateful they try sleeping better they try eating better they go to their doctor they try medication they're still really depressed they go to therapy they go to more therapy they try a psychiatrist try some medications those medications maybe help a little maybe don't help that much and at this point they're like okay I did talk to a medical professional where would they go next where would they go next my heart is breaking just listening to you describe and and you and I know there are thousands if not millions of people like that in the world world yeah yeah and it is it really is heartbreaking because they are doing their best they are trying things and they're not getting better yeah and here's the real answer unfortunately the real answer is that this is a new field a lot of mental health professionals don't know about it they don't understand this science they don't understand kind of uh metabolic interventions and they may not be able to help you right now I think what I would recommend is there are resources so if you you can come to brain energy.com which is a website I'm doing you can go to another website nonprofit organization called metabolic mind.org you can go to a website called Charlie Foundation all of these are providing professional and patient and family resources for people who want to learn more about these interventions and what they can do and how they can do them safely and even like where they might find clinicians who know about this but the field is in the early phases it's really exciting because more and more clinicians are learning about this and coming on board so I'm really hoping soon we'll be able to help even more and more people but there are resources available and I would just encourage people to seek out those resources and try to get help that's awesome I really appreciate that and I feel like my audience is the kind of people who are like I want to know enough to know like the right questions to ask and the right people to go to so that's that's really helpful I've used up the amount of time do you have four more minutes or you gotta go sure is keto sustainable in the long run so that's a really common question and the reality is it is sustainable and first I want to just point out that if you're using a ketogenic diet for a mental health condition it's not at all clear that you need to do it for life and that so this is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy it can stop seizures even when medications don't and usually when people use it to treat their epilepsy they only need to do it for somewhere between two and five years so it's not a lifetime treatment it's usually for a few years and then you can stop the diet and your seizures stay away and what we're hoping in the mental health field is that the same brain benefits will apply so that people can do a ketogenic intervention for a couple of years and then maybe be able to transition to a different type of a diet maybe more of a paleo diet or Mediterranean diet or something else where they can still maintain the health benefits and still stay well and REM remitted and recovered but not necessarily have to do the diet but even for people who end up do having to do the diet there are people with epilepsy who've been on this diet for more than 40 years and the reason it's so sustainable for them because this is perplexing to a lot of people because a lot of people have trouble losing even five or 10 pounds oh yeah keeping it off most people do so it's like how do these patients with severe mental or neurological health conditions how do they do it for so long these people are fighting for their lives they're fighting for their brain health it is so much easier to do a ketogenic diet than to have severe crippling suicidal depression it's not a it's not even a close contest it is so much easier just to do a diet the friend that you just described who had migraine headaches that were treatment resistant it's probably a lot easier to do a keto diet than to have migraine headaches and be in bed incapacitated y um I asked her I said is it hard to stick with she's been doing it for six months now and I haven't stuck with a diet for six months first off I'm not really pro- dieting I'm not like I'm not a restrictive Dieter I don't encourage that but second I was like is this hard like do you miss and she's like no it's not I choose between eating keto or being in bed with a migraine it's like an Easy Choice exactly and so I think for again for people who don't need a ketogenic diet I'm not at all suggesting that everybody goes on a k di this is a treatment for pretty serious health conditions but yeah for the people who get remission it feels like it really feels nothing short of a miracle to a lot of people they really do feel like this is a miracle and I've had a lot of patients even say that directly to me they really feel that even God intervened for them and that God somehow brought them this treatment and has shown Mercy finally once and for all and help them help them feel better it is that powerful of a treatment I believe it well I'm seeing it I'm seeing it okay I've got one last question for you OIC Zep bound wovi all these new weight loss drugs they helpful with metabolism they are unequivocally helpful with metabolism I think that is irrefutable at this point so for people who don't know the whole story with them they're actually diabetes medicines yeah they were developed for type two diabetes and then oh it turns out wow some people not all but some people at higher doses can really lose a lot of weight so they seem to be helping regulate metabolism and appetite and now we've got more and more growing evidence that they're good for heart health they might be good for Liver Health they might be good for arthritis associated with obesity but guess what the human brain is an organ too and the human brain for some people can benefit and so we actually have clinical trials now underway of OIC and other medications like it or depression bipolar disorder schizophrenia and many addictions alcoholism cocaine addiction nicotine addiction and others Oh I thought that was fascinating how these metabolic treatments help with alcohol addiction too it's so fascinating because that's an easy one to look at someone and be like you just need to stop the behavior you just need to stop the behavior and it's like no like get the brain healthy and it'll make it a lot easier to stop the behavior right is exactly the way to think about it and this solution is so obvious stop drinking and yet when your brain is metabolically compromised it makes it harder for some people to be able to stop oh yeah and and if you can help with a metabolic treatment whether it's a ketogenic diet or OIC or something else if you can help restore their brain health then yes then somehow they have the willpower determination and capacity to do it so cool it's so cool thank you so much for the work you're doing you're making the world a better place really appreciate you taking the time to be here today thank you so much for inviting me it was nice speaking with you yeah great talking with you too hi there if you found anything in this video helpful I would really appreciate it if you could give it a thumbs up or share it with someone who could benefit from it today

  Top Comments:
  1. @El-aitch [22 likes]: When I cut out processed “foods”, go low carb and enter ketosis, my anxiety issues improve markedly. I’m hoping to one day get off my SSRI and use food and movement as my medicine. Taking the plunge is hard though.

Thank you for being willing to go against the grain and look into causes for mental health issues instead of just masking them with meds.
  2. @robertomarquez1512 [4 likes]: Thank you for stating that ssri don't fix chemical balances.  I'm a 20 yr Infantry veteran and these did more damage to my friends and troops from my observations.  I started eating blueberries, strawberries, evoo every morning and adding it to as much as I could, eggs, lots of avocado, chamomile teas, cilantro for heavy metal extraction,  fasting, and psychotherapy whenever I could afford it.  THerapy in a nutshell is a Godsend and educating and empowering many minds that can understand their  situation.
  3. @bubbashrimp [4 likes]: When I tried keto for 2 weeks my anxiety, depression, and irritation improved DRAMATICALLY, but it was so hard and unappetizing to get enough calories - I hope to get back to some of those benefits without being so extremely limited for diet, I was doing like <10g carbs a day it was really hard bcs u cant do a lot of vegetables either
  4. @heidirees9647 [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing this information! The last few months I’ve been hearing about how ketogenic diet can help people with mental health illnesses. I’m a 45 year old female who was diagnosed at 39 with ADHD. I’m also a nurse and have worked in psychiatric-mental health the last two years. I was curious if it would help my ADHD symptoms and if I could get off my medication. It’s pretty early for me to say conclusively but I do feel better, less sugar cravings for sure! I’ve been telling my family and friends about my experience. I would love to share more information with the physicians I work with and see if it can help our patients! This kind of science and research gets me excited! Thanks again for sharing!
I’m also curious if the ketogenic diet can help with perimenopause symptoms!
  5. @nisapl [3 likes]: My best friend and I, we live in Luxembourg, have been making a round with doctors to resolve multitudes of problems that may not necessarily be categorised as severe, but affecting our qualities of lives. We have a theory, based on already established science of course, that the key is our gut health. Unfortunately, not one doctor/specialist is well informed enough in the science from a holistic PoV that someone can actually help and guide us. Our therapists are awesome and they hold the same belief but they're not medically trained on the subject. I felt a massive relief and felt like crying to listen to someone who is the expert in the field finally connecting those dots and validated our theories that no medical practitioners we've seen/worked with could comfortable validate. I know it will be a long way away for this to be the common practice in the medical field in this country, but now I feel like there's hope. Thank you for bringing him in and shining some light on this matter.
  6. @InstinctiveWisdom [2 likes]: Excellent info!  And very promising! Thank you for all the work you do to bring awareness to the masses about the truth about medicine
  7. @primtivee9469 [2 likes]: Too bad more mental health professionals don’t even consider this totally ignoring metabolic effects on the brain and serve “snacks“ during a session to children and teenagers that have food colorings, BHTQ inflammatory oils high in omega six… seriously!
  8. @Brody.W [2 likes]: God help us metabolise all this sugar in our diet today in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth...
  9. @c.k.1530 [1 likes]: Please research Parasites as the cause
Their episodes have a schedule
with the phases of the Moon

Reaserch 
Parasites they affect Seratonin levels as well
  10. @Novilty [1 likes]: The problem I have been facing for years is, I can see 20 different Specialists and they have 20 different solutions. There is no one that's all and there are many of us you have already tried everything you are talking about and it did not work
  11. @kaustubhgupta3950: I am eating burgers and sandwiches for 4 months now
  12. @kaustubhgupta3950: I have worked with my mental health professional. My relationships are intact now.
  13. @kaustubhgupta3950: Yes. I am talking to my family, friends and relatives with face-to-face meetings
  14. @fcsfan2012: So what is a good cookbook to use for the Ketogenic diet? Can I get some help with this ??
  15. @CuriousBirds: I'm a believer in resetting metabolism to help with anxiety, migraine, fibromyalgia, and to lose weight. While spending two months researching how to lose weight on-line myself bcause no dietician was available to me unless hospitalized, I got food poisoning from a new salad bar at a local health food store. Prepared, and already taking pre- and probiotics, bowels cleaned out unexpectedly, I continued on a low caloric diet with increased vegan protein, oat fiber with kefir for breakfast, and eliminated protein bars for quick meals. Less sugar was natural transition but not entirely eliminated. i've lost over 65 lbs in two years, and have greater flexibility now. Reduced stress is a huge factor in this weight loss, and regular therapy. Best wishes to all. You can do it after 50!!!! Not keto diet here, just low calorie, more protein with low satuarated fats overall, more fiber, and mild fasting from time to time. I was initiially studying non-alcoholic fatty liver disease diet.
best Wishes again! Stick with therapy for trauma and more too! 

I must recommend seeing a regular doctor or health care professional to address any underlying diseases, and changes to diet. Unfortunately nothing my primary care doctor addressed helped with weight loss, this included various prescriptions for other illnesses. My health insurance did not approve Ozempic when inquired about two years back, but now I"m thankful it wasn"t approved. Peace
  16. @mismay360: I have always believed this hypothesis.
  17. @primtivee9469: Too bad more mental health professionals don’t even consider this totally ignoring metabolic effects on the brain and serve “snacks“ during a session to children and teenagers that have food colorings, BHTQ inflammatory oils high in omega six… seriously!

- First Clinical Trial of Ketogenic Diet for Bipolar & Schizophrenia - Shebani Sethi, MD: Kind: captions Language: en I want to first uh go into why I started this clinic and how I became interested when Chris was talking about how metabolism and research has been around ketogenic diet has been around for for a long time that's true and my experience with with it initially was when I was in medical school I was in Eric westman's Clinic I saw the ketogenic diet actually help someone who was 70 something years old it had schizophrenia and symptoms really improved but this lady came into an obesity Clinic with this mental health issue as well and so when I saw the difference and Chris published the case so I had very early experience early on seeing this patient along with Eric and that inspired me to go into Psychiatry with an interest in metabolism so primarily I see myself as a clinician as a psychiatrist as well as an obesity medicine physician because my my passion my interest has been and well how do we treat obesity or metabolic dysfunction or insulin resistance and I found that the mentors I had at the time were obesity medicine doctors and they knew how to treat it and it was not a common thing that that people knew how to do so I feel very fortunate that I was able to get that experience Financial disclosures I do advise multiple companies in the Bay Area it's hard not to when you live in Palo Alto I like to start my talks first by just mentioning that words have a lot of power and how we talk about patients with schizophrenia or with bipolar disorder I don't like to say schizophrenics I don't like to say diabetics just in the same way so I just wanted to remind everyone although I think this audience doesn't need a reminder so obesity early on my exposure to that I noticed that there was a lot of stigma against obesity so likewise mental health so I think that makes sense as to why I ended up combining them and working in this in this area so metabolic Psychiatry was a term that was developed to describe the treatment of metabolic dysfunction broadly whatever that dysfunction is and using that to improve psychiatric outcomes so Improvement of these metabolic abnormalities whether peripheral or Central whether brain or periphery in order to treat psychiatric illness as well as evaluate the metabolic root cause of the illness itself so generally U.S adults with severe mental illness do die a lot earlier primarily because of cardiovascular disease the prevalence of obesity itself in schizophrenia is about double that of the general population so that's pretty high and it's already pretty high in the general population so it's something that we do need to care about it's also reached epidemic proportions in those with bipolar illness and metal block syndrome is seen in 37 percent in those with bipolar illness and abdominal obesity is in 75 percent of women but medications do come with metabolic side effects so antipsychotics are medications that do work well for symptoms and control but they do have peripheral side effects and that includes on the pancreas that includes the liver you have hepatic glucose production you have more insulin secretion and so it's not just acting in the brain to increase appetite and increasing carbohydrates but it's also directly acting on peripheral organs and so that's another reason why we need to think about the metabolic side effects also that that patients are on medication for I put this slide here just to remind everyone that medications although they have side effects they also do help save some people's lives and it does actually save the brain so the more relapses that someone has with this illness the more brain damage that actually does happen and we do see that on MRI data there's an increase in lateral ventricle size a decrease in Gray matter and volume as you can see with eight relapses versus one so how do we address that problem so on one hand medication is saving and preserving brain tissue and then on the other hand there is an exacerbation of metabolic side effects so reason that we started this program and advocated for this program at Stanford was to address this clinical need and this is a picture of hoofer Tower and so the campus if you haven't been please come visit us the clinic is housed in the department of Psychiatry so it's a picture there on the left bottom and all the conditions we treat it's it's not just serious mental illness but also a lot of other mental illness conditions as well our pillars of focus include clinical work research as well as Community involvement public education so we're really looking to put this message out for more people to understand this connection because we all know that there's connection here in this room but a lot of people out there don't our clinical program focuses on working relationships with various departments so we do work with primary care as well as Endocrinology bipolar Clinic we have sub-specialty clinics at Stanford so there's OCD Clinic bipolar Clinic sleep medicine Women's Wellness as well as eating disorder and addiction clinics so we we try to have good working relationships with all clinics so that so that we're able to partner together so improving metabolic dysfunction includes several methods there's also a pilot study that we did looking at an eating disorder population of binge eating disorder and bulimia and it was a medication as well it was actually an obesity medication Phentermine to impairment combination extended release basically an example of improving metabolic dysfunction as well as mental health symptoms eating disorder Behavior essentially but I am going to focus on the nutrition and the ketogenic diet in our pilot study very soon but also wanted to mention that a colleague in our department did study in schizophrenia with movement also just running and that actually increased bdnf and improved cognition I'm also going to briefly just mention the ketogenic diet in binge eating disorder as well we did publish a case series that looked at three individuals that had improvements in depression scores in binging severity as well as the Yale food addiction scale in fact even the obsessive thoughts of food had decreased with the ketogenic diet in these individuals and we do see a lot of and visual bipolar disorder have a comorbid diagnosis of binge eating also this is another study we published on more like a review of just looking at the biological mechanisms as to why a diet that's devoid of ultra processed food or a ketogenic diet could actually alleviate some of the eating disorder symptoms and largely the main argument here is that we're preventing this cycle or preventing the rapid spike in glucose and the shift and the change in insulin a lot of times with when we think about drugs of addiction there's a rapid change right in concentration and blood concentration that's priming your meso limbic dopamine pathway reward Pathways we're actually preventing that and then we're preventing Cravings the physiological Cravings that come with such a shift in the glucose which ultimately also prevents the over consumption of the ultra processed foods as well so if we look at the current state of evidence for ketogenic diets right now in these three illnesses binge eating bipolar as well as schizophrenia and we look at what we consider in science as most rigorous we don't have rcts we don't have systematic reviews although that's something that's going to change and we're all very grateful for that so we have expert opinion in all three illnesses we have a case series and case reports some observational studies in binge eating disorder and now if we think about the pilot study that I'm going to talk about is is a non-randomized controlled trial it's an open label study and this looks at the ketogenic diet and population of those with bipolar illness or schizophrenia looking at metabolic outcomes and psychiatric outcomes it is a four-month study so it's about 16 weeks long it takes place in the outpatient setting we were able to successfully make it a remote study at some point which was great and wonderful so we have people from all over the country now as part of the study which has been really exciting during covid we are looking at exploratory outcomes weight BMI is part of that in the cardio metabolic parameters as well as waist circumference we're looking at Absolute and visceral body fat and one of the things as to why we looked at visceral is because the cytokine release from excess visceral fat and how that might play a part or a role in in symptoms looked at hemoglobin A1c Homa IR blood pressure high sensitivity CRP inflammation and advanced lipid testing as well so the change in psychiatric symptoms we were looking at basically CGI clinical Global impression for schizophrenia as well as bipolar illness and also looking at Global assessment of functioning the Manchester quality of life scale and the brief psychiatric rating skill so we did include those 18 to 75 actually we had made a change from 65 to 75 this year because there was a patient that really really wanted to and I couldn't say no they had to meet a DSM-5 criteria for schizophrenia or bipolar illness have it for at least a year be clinically stable no hospitalization over the past three months before entering the study we want to make basically make sure that they can adhere to the diet and so since we're measuring that and everyone had to have at least been on a medication had some metabolic abnormality because I was interested in looking at whether with medication we could reverse those effects of course they had to be willing to consent to all study procedures attend follow-up appointments and motivated to follow the program we excluded those who are pregnant or nursing had any comorbidity of developmental delay any renal insufficiency hepatic insufficiency or cardiovascular dysfunction like congestive heart failure angina or arrhythmias cardiomyopathy we also excluded for active substance use that includes cannabis I did exclude for that especially if they're smoking heavily or adjusting heavily alcohol over seven drinks per week I did not take anyone of course if they had a severe medic episode or psychotic State when entering the study then that would prohibit compliance so we excluded for that as well so the timeline is basically when they started the diet they were taught for about an hour and they were assigned a coach and after that they saw me weekly for the first month that after that every two weeks and in the last month basically I told every every participant that I'm going to teach you so well that you don't need me anymore so in the last month they were seen once and with most of the visits we we so we did vitals and ketones every week we also did zika measurements which are the body composition analysis we did that about four or five times during the course of the four months and we did assessments blood assessments Baseline final and in the middle we did assessments that were Psychiatric so there were three time points for that Baseline final and midpoint I did not advertise for the study I only put it on clinicaltrials.gov I got 90 inquiries actually more but I just couldn't go through all the emails to count them up phone screen about 55 total that enrolled was 24. we did have one drop off and the reason was that I didn't want to cause any problems in the marriage of this person because there was an issue with her being vegetarian and starting to have animal products and meat at home and that caused an issue so so we mutually decided that it would make sense for her to drop out of the study so maybe something to learn for future studies 12 have completed the study to date we have 10 right now that are currently enrolled and they will finish in early June so the data that I'll present to you now is based on this preliminary cohort of 12 people so small numbers but you can take the data with a grain of salt so just to Define adherent versus semi-adherent the way that we defined it is that out of all the Ketone measurements that we took if between 60 and 80 percent were between 0.5 and 5 nutritional ketosis we would say that they were semi-adherent if they were 80 or above they were adherent so the data separated into total adherent and semi-adherent in this cohort we had more of those participants with bipolar illness we had about 82 percent Caucasian 17 Asian number of suicide attempts on average was about one so this is not a mild disease population comorbidities in general for pretty much almost everyone had more than two comorbidities there were 2.6 I guess overall of psychiatric hospitalizations on average you would see that for semi-adherent there's a lot more than the adherent category so that probably isn't surprising so these are box plots looking at body weight and BMI being reduced over the course of just these 16 weeks this is systolic and diastolic blood pressure being reduced in these 16 weeks same with waist circumference and visceral adipose tissue this is fat mass and fat mass index skeletal muscle mass is very slightly decreased but I would say this is maintained or slightly decreased and that's normal when you're losing weight to have a little bit of that High sensitivity CRP also decreased hemoglobin A1c as well decreased total cholesterol increase and that's to be expected with the ketogenic diet small dense LDL was reduced in HDL increased LDL increase here triglycerides decreased cholesterol HDL ratios well improved and then the CGI which we looked at CGI so step BD was the largest Federal funded treatment study which most of you already know about and it was a long-term outpatient study we did look at CGI because Stanford was one of the sites for that trial and it was a quite an easy assessment to do if you look at difference between one or two it's quite a bit so a point drop in CGI is significant and two points drop is actually like a win I would say that's a win we got close to two points drop in this cohort quality of life improved anxiety decreased depression phq-9 also decreased and psqi is the Pittsburgh's Sleep Quality Index that also improved I just want to highlight here in the table that we did have a decrease in weight by 10 change this is no without a drug most insurance companies cover obesity drugs at 5 and 12 weeks five percent reduction in body weight gets your insurance company to pay for your your drug BMI reduction 10 is another 10 percent um so a drop of about 3.8 points visceral adipose tissue is 31 reduction fat mass is 19.4 percent reduction and then that translates to 19 about 19 pounds the triglycerides went down by 39 points and the small dense LDL went down by 37. phq-9 again about 25 reduction CGI 33 reduction Mansa 23 Improvement sleep Improvement uh 27 the main thing I wanted to just mention here is that if you look at the blue is higher in most of these categories because that's the group that was most adherent in the red they're semi-adherent but they're still getting benefit on all these markers I wanted to point out that adverse effects actually didn't last more than three weeks and the medication changes here in this group about 58 didn't have a change in meds but there's an increase in 25 about 25 and decrease in Med 17 and this is tricky because there's a lot of different types of medications and it's a small cohort I did have a short little uh testimonial these are participants in the trial as well as patients in the clinic as a person who is the victim of severe trauma sexually emotional and physical incest and other abuse I had a very different difficult time eating and living a healthy life eating was very traumatic for me as I was punished for eating quite severely and I developed several eating disorders in my life and ended up in an eating disorder treat the center ultimately where I stayed for almost three years and I was diagnosed with several eating disorders and oscillated between a very high weight in the 300s and to a very low weight where I was underweight I was very stressed always about eating when I go to the grocery store about what to eat what not to eat how to eat it and it contributed to anxiety and depression and dissociation after several months I have lost a hundred pounds and I'm no longer stressed about what to eat it is so easy along with being bipolar I started to develop visual snow syndrome was like a neurological visual disorder and that's combined of just a regular mood swings of bipolar II just severely made my swings like bigger than usual and I maybe remember when I was around 16 17 I did keto I think for six months and I lost a bunch of Weights um you know I I felt better than I had you know in years and um I I struggle a lot when it comes to like a binge eating disorder I've had that since I was like eight nine years old like longer than I've had bipolar for and keto just complete or moves that and just the fact that I was able to notice how much different I felt energy wise and mood-wise and it was late to the ketosis meant the world to me now that brings my next point about comparing it to medications personally for me it's just like therapy is like five to ten percent for me medications are probably like five to ten percent for me and then keto is like 80 for me in my late 20s I was diagnosed with bipolar type 2 and ADHD inattentive and in recent years I've been stable with the combination of 200 milligrams of Lamotrigine 100 milligrams of Sertraline and take the methylphenidate La 60 milligrams to manage the ADHD the ketogenic diet for me has been beneficial obviously from the weight loss that follows but mainly from The increased energy that I feel even after a good night's sleep of eight or nine hours I would still feel tired in the middle of the day and felt the need to nap whereas now I don't feel that need at all and can get through a day and still have energy at the end of the day to clean house or cook whatever I might need to do I've been diagnosed with schizoaffective disorder my before I was on ketosis I was having hallucinations probably once every two weeks or so and it was always something like small that made me question reality or looked like a glitch or something my paranoia was much worse I would uh have paranoid a couple times a day focused around people moving against me or um having a connection to the people that talk to me in my What I Call my channel in my brain the frequency that I pick up but that has decreased significantly since I've started ketogenic diet I first started I had a slight increase in hallucinations and then they were away very quickly I had high anxiety levels where my whole body would be shaking and I couldn't do anything or think about anything I was very anxious and anything could set it off since being on the ketogenic diet I haven't noticed any significant anxiety levels or attacks and I've been able to work through basically everything I've come across when I'm in high ketones my mind is in a mental state where I feel like I can accomplish things and I can focus on positive things rather than negative things I just wanted to mention that the last patient he's in the study he's an engineer at Tesla the previous individual who talked about the bipolar illness and the visual snow he was on disability for many many years and actually wrote a Reddit uh post that he was thinking about assisted suicide looking for options on how to figure out how to do that and he enrolled in the trial and he's feeling a lot better actually spoke to him last week even though he's completed the trial he's no longer on disability as a personal trainer he has a job and he's a lot happier and he's still on keto so I think I'm going to end here although I had more but I clearly have to end okay thank you Siobhan

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zaeiouy_dB [12 likes]: Thank You for sharing this research via YouTube.  I have over thirty years of various experiences of trying to assist my wife with her illnesses, but as of yesterday after seeing Dr. Chris Palmer's interview discussing Ketogenesis as a treatment for Bi-Polar /schizophrenia illness and now your research I'm feeling much more hopeful.  Since we relocated I haven't found a psychiatrist that has been willing to take my wife as a new patient, but now I know in more detail the type of Psychiatrist I will be looking for.  You have given me hope...I will try to get her to watch this video presentation.  Thank you
  2. @arica1798 [4 likes]: I'm bipolar.  Stopped eating fast foods and suger. I eat whole food, and my life got better
  3. @jacp3276 [1 likes]: Ketogetic changed my life with binge eating. I have bipolar disorder, and my psychiatrist doesn't seem to have the time to listen or make notes.
  4. @dreamer7-e3r [1 likes]: How hasn't this gone viral yet!? It should have millions of views🙌
  5. @rainbowgirl4795 [1 likes]: Congratulation. great study that gives me hope..i am schozofrenic and i started one week ago  keto. I am happy , i am loosing my weigh and i am full of good energy.
  6. @pmccord9 [1 likes]: Very compelling presentation. My own suicidal ideation has vanished with low carb carnivore.
  7. @tanyita5846: This metabolic response in schizophrenia was noticed over a hundred years ago in mental hospitals, If I recall correctly.
  8. @robertlaveyra9940: Wow, heart wrenching with great outcomes, so inspiring.
  9. @3duardable: Any update on the study?
  10. @LimpWristedSailor: I just started keto. Does anybody have any tips for me to be successful? I really want this to work.
  11. @FrancisDocherty-u1y: Thank you
  12. @deegee787: Hi can anyone explain what happens since keto us high fat and cholesterol increases. Isn't that bad
  13. @melihapaydn2137: Doctors of drugs
Betrayer and liar
You are their profit
You are their benefit
Suffering mentally
Remember you lost your appetite
You will sleep ketosis all night
Healed and relieved
Remember past
Fat and meat
All we eat
  14. @rickcantu6241: LOVE YOUR U-TUBE CHANNEL. I RECOMMEND COLONIC TREATMENTS. FIRST START WITH A CLEAN GUT.
  15. @ginnyrandall345: What about drugs like ozempic that puts you into ketosis would that be similar
  16. @ananthaagasthya2954: Very happy to see the preliminary results. Congratulations to Dr Sethi for the initiative in this direction.  I have a question abt whether a vegetarian (not vegan) based keto diet will have similar benefits.
  17. @mbrochh82: Here's a ChatGPT summary:

- Dr. Shebani Sethi became interested in the ketogenic diet during medical school after observing its positive effects on a 70-year-old patient with schizophrenia.
- Dr. Sethi's early experiences inspired her to pursue psychiatry with a focus on metabolism and obesity medicine.
- She emphasizes the importance of language in discussing mental health and obesity, advocating for respectful terminology.
- Metabolic psychiatry aims to treat metabolic dysfunctions to improve psychiatric outcomes.
- US adults with severe mental illness have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease and obesity.
- Medications for mental illnesses, such as antipsychotics, can have significant metabolic side effects.
- Dr. Sethi's program at Stanford addresses the need to balance medication benefits with metabolic side effects.
- The clinic at Stanford focuses on clinical work, research, and public education, collaborating with various departments.
- A pilot study was conducted on the ketogenic diet's effects on binge eating disorder, bulimia, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.
- The study included 24 participants, with a focus on those with metabolic abnormalities and stable mental health conditions.
- Participants were taught the ketogenic diet and monitored for adherence, metabolic, and psychiatric outcomes over 16 weeks.
- Preliminary results showed significant reductions in body weight, BMI, blood pressure, waist circumference, visceral fat, and inflammatory markers.
- Psychiatric symptoms, including anxiety, depression, and sleep quality, also improved.
- Adherence to the ketogenic diet correlated with greater improvements in metabolic and psychiatric outcomes.
- Adverse effects were minimal and did not last more than three weeks.
- Testimonials from participants highlighted significant improvements in mental health, energy levels, and overall quality of life.
- Main message: The ketogenic diet shows promise in improving both metabolic and psychiatric outcomes in patients with severe mental illnesses, warranting further research and consideration in clinical practice.
  18. @ez2u1: Branch off of Abram Hoffer studies
  19. @Fröhlich1985: Thank you ❤
  20. @pzwarich: This brings so much hope.

- Keto for Brain Health and the Booming Field of Metabolic Psychiatry | Dr. Shebani Sethi: Kind: captions Language: en Shabani is a a double-board certified physician in obesity medicine and psychiatry. She's clinical faculty at Stanford University and founding director of the Stanford University medic metabolic psychiatry program, of which I am a proud proud advisory board member. Uh and she's also the director of the Silicon Valley metabolic psychiatry new program in San Francisco um in the San Francisco Bay Area focused on optimizing brain health by integrating low-carb nutrition, comprehensive psychiatric care, and treatment of obesity with associated metabolic diseases. Thank you very much Shabani for being with us. So, can you tell us more about uh metabolic psychiatry and and the link between brain health and metabolic disease? Yeah, so metabolic psychiatry is a a subfield uh really and it's really about describing the assessment and and treatment of metabolic dysfunction and and that as a means of improving mental health. So, there's a crucial link but a pretty complex relationship between metabolic dysfunction and food and and mental health. So, this idea of food as medicine is is not a new concept and the field of nutritional psychiatry has really grown over the past few decades by several prominent psychiatrists and researchers. However, there's been uh a focus that has been largely looking at specific foods or eliminating maybe certain things from the diet um looking at the microbiome or looking at how how diet uh affects depression symptoms. So, these are all very important questions but what what metabolic psychiatry's focus is is to distinguish that of how the treatment of the metabolic dysfunction can affect psychiatric symptoms. So, a lot of you know, majority of the US population has insulin resistance or obesity. It's you know, 50% over 50% now. So, we're really looking at well, what does this do to the brain? What does this do to brain health? Um we know that it affects different organs in the body. Uh but we often overlook brain health. And so, that's that's the focus of my study. It's interesting because mental illness rates over just the past 20 years have doubled. And we have very different phenotypes uh within mental illness. And we know that mental illness such as depression or bipolar illness and psychosis even are strongly associated with this increased inflammation. So, research is uh showing that there is an energy deficit in these brain illnesses. Um which I can talk more about uh but that's that's a big link uh between you know, looking at metabolic health and and mental health and how how these um energy deficits are causing downstream brain signaling changes. And we we see differences here in in inflammation like I mentioned, but also insulin resistance um and so, we're looking at how to improve how to improve that. So, basically, you are saying that uh obesity and metabolic disease um uh are associated with an excess of energy in terms of calories, but actually a deficit deficit of nutrition. And uh this deficit of nutrition of true nutrition of nutrients then is affecting brain pathways and the brain health, right? Yeah, that's exactly right. So, you know, a lot of times we you know, we're thinking about this excess calorie relationship, but it's really not about that. It ends up that a lot of the folks end up being malnourished. Um very significantly malnourished, um whether it's vitamins or minerals or whether they have insulin resistance, their brain, um so to speak, is bathed in sugar. Um so, our brain is surrounded by fluid, right? It's the CSF and we have sugar that can enter, right? So, glucose can enter and so, if you have more sugar around the brain, that affects the brain and that's not a normal state. This insulin resistance is not a normal state of being. And so, we see that that's um yeah, significantly associated with uh definitely a higher um prevalence in in this population. And this is such a beautiful message and uh uh especially for this course in which uh I I just I I'm making my students familiar with the concept that uh being we think that having a uh so, having our brain just uh feeding on glucose is the normal state and we never allow us to switch from uh glucose to fat as a fuel by eating from time to time less carbohydrates or fasting, which has been a [laughter] a natural state during evolution. And now you are telling us that these has also some impact on the brain because actually what is not physiological is having always this high level of blood sugar and can can can be toxic toxic to the brain, too, right? Yes, that's right. It's It's really interesting because when we think about what the brain is made of, right? There's uh myelin, which is surrounding the, you know, neural communication, right? And then we have neurotransmitters and proteins in between. But it's a lot of fat, actually. And so this idea of fearing the fat has been detrimental, I think, for for brain health. Uh we need significant amounts of uh fat, adequate amounts of fat. And our brain does not work well. The speed of communication changes when we don't have the right uh nutrients and the right fats. So, when you ask me about the relationship between mental health and metabolic disease also, we know that it's bidirectional. You know, that means that if you have a mental illness, you're more likely to have metabolic disease, and vice versa. So, isn't that really interesting that there is this relationship? There's something about this relationship that we don't yet completely understand, but we know there is one. Uh so whether that is an increased brain inflammation that leads to downstream changes in the chemical messenger signaling or some other process that leads to worsening symptoms, um is really interesting. And And the medications that we use to treat uh a lot of mental illnesses are, you know, life-saving for many, but they are uh associated with some undesirable side effects, some of them. And that can worsen metabolic health. So, on one hand, we're, you know, helping with improving, you know, brain communication, but on the other domain, we might be, you know, intervening in some way kind of the long-term um aspect of improving symptoms if metabolic health is is deteriorating. And so, there isn't a one-size-fits-all approach, but I think it's it's a important field of of research and and and clinical work. Yeah. So, once again, focusing so having a a a reductionistic approach in medicine, like just treating one looking at one piece of the puzzle and not at the system perhaps is is not an effective approach and can in the long run actually be counterproductive. Right? I think this is another example. And I think, you know, we we have known that brain health, mental health is it's it's about a relationship between genetic predispositions and environmental predispositions, but I think that people think more that these environmental exposures are exposures, life exposures, life life events, especially in the childhood trauma, which which of course is true, but also the environmental exposures are our dietary habits, nutrition. And I think these has been neglected for a for a for a long time. And in my course on diet and gene expression, I teach how all these exposures are important and I I I used the the the term epinutrients to describe all the nutrients that are in the in the whole foods and the the you can probably elaborate on that can affect our health through epigenetic mechanisms. And I think it's very likely that the the deficit the nutrition deficit you are talking about in for mental health is is probably you know due to to the lack of many of these epi-nutrients. So I'm I'm curious to know more about that. So what what nutrients are most commonly lacking or missing for people that have metabolic disease and then are more likely to develop brain health issues. Yeah, it's an interesting question and uh to kind of make comment on something said earlier is that there isn't psychiatric illness is very heterogeneous. So we [clears throat] know that diet and exercise can help with depression or other symptoms cognition things like that. Um that that data is there and that's from randomized clinical control trials. Uh with looking at you know we we don't have like a single gene or a mutation or lesion that we can point out for mental illness because it's a complex relationship of multiple genes and environment. Uh but you know if we can improve if there's a relationship between metabolic disease and mental health and if we can improve some part of that population then we're really helping you know cuz because it's heterogeneous if we can focus on some population that is going to improve because there's abnormalities metabolically then you know that's a pretty big win for our for our field and for our patients. So uh with regard to specific nutrients, I mean some vitamins like, you know, iron or vitamin B12 sometimes can be uh abnormal and seen as abnormal um you know, when we screen. And there are uh other important other important nutrients. Most of the time it's I see what I see most of the time is that there's insulin resistance or higher inflammation. And just reducing the amount of carbohydrates, the the refined carbohydrates especially, as well as the ultra-processed foods, when that is decreased, then even the absorption of other food becomes better. And so, you won't necessarily have uh low deficiencies [clears throat] or vitamin deficiencies. Um so, that's a really big piece and most of the time I do a lot of teaching with that. Another uh vitamin I do see that's low quite often is vitamin D. And um there were some recent meta-analysis that showed that a vitamin D level you know, above 45, which is not which hasn't been the standard of what we try to achieve, uh has actually shown decrease in mortality. And increase in mortality if it's lower. So, that's quite interesting and we know that vitamin D plays a role in immunity, it plays a role in uh as well as uh you know, with infection and with memory and concentration and even mood. So, it's very relevant for for mental health. Yes. Yes. And uh most of the guidelines, the recommendations are are based on uh on on levels that should be met to avoid disease rather than to optimize health. So, this is something to to with very in mind. Yeah, this is fascinating and so you you talk about ultra-processed food. Can you define that uh in in more detail? Yeah, so there's different categories of what we think of as processed foods. And ultra-processed food is category of foods where we're really looking at the kinds of things that you know you know, are unhealthy, right? Those cookies are highly processed or cakes or ice cream. Those are Coke, you know, those are things that we know inherently are unhealthy. Um and and they're ultra-processed. Now, there are other categories that goes mentioning of processed foods that you know, some amount can can be processed, but I don't know that you know, we don't know that that's necessarily unhealthy [clears throat] as much as the ultra-processed foods are. And and we think that's the case because ultra-processed foods raise glucose levels uh much higher and faster. And that is in some essence what we worry about with um insulin resistance and also what we worry about when it comes to addiction. So, there's this idea of food addiction and this idea of well, we're we're shifting the glucose uh so so quickly and that means that we're also shifting other hormones like insulin and what does that do to the brain? And we know that that does directly affect uh directly and indirectly affects uh neurotransmitter levels. And it also affects dopamine reward pathways. And so that is uh a very, you know, interesting area of study as well that we're looking at when it comes to overeating um and binge binge eating specifically. Exactly. And I think this is a very interesting point because I think some food processing has actually been useful also during evolution like cooking for example because it makes like nutrients more readily available and and actually was was a was a an important reason as to why we develop big bigger brain and we thrived as human beings but at the same time food processing modifies the availability of nutrients and the the speed of that we we we so these nutrients become available to the brains and our organs and this is there is a trade-off sometimes it's it's good sometimes it can it can also affect us like I always think about the the orange juice example right so a glass of orange juice it's probably made of three or four oranges depending of the of the size and and we can drink it in a couple of minutes would you be able to eat three four oranges in a couple of minutes and so this is clearly modifying the our ability to get so much nutrients in a given time and I of course there are I do use some processed food myself olive oil is a processed food we in a in a in a because it's processed in a in a in a spoon of olive oil I think there are 28 olives so it's it is a it is a kind of processed food but this is as far as I get and then that kind yes yes this is we all we all eat some processed food but ultra processed food there is not a strict definition I think some people say if there is there are more than five ingredients on a on a on a food uh package food is a an ultra-processed food. There's There actually there's not such a definition but it's uh more or less is a good rule of thumb. Usually I only buy products that have one ingredient because then I mix things by myself so I'm on the safe side. But uh yeah. So and uh um so based on what you share with us, so lowering insulin resistance then can actually beneficially impact our brain health, right? And uh how a ketogenic diet may help within the this context with the with the mental health uh and disorders like bipolar disease for example, food addictions. Yeah, that's a big topic. Uh I'm happy to go through that so just comment on the ultra-processed foods. You know, those are usually packed with a lot more sugar and combined fat. Uh so that's There you're right, there isn't a strict definition on it but the there's a NOVA classification and they they have a NOVA four foods and they consider the ultra-processed foods having that, you know, high amounts of sugar and and fat combined which makes it addictive. Um It So in terms of the ketogenic diet, I think we need to understand first what are the deficiencies in some of the the illnesses that we're studying. So So with bipolar illness, there are deficiencies in, you know, what we think we understand is that there are deficiencies in energy metabolism. So some of these mitochondrial dysfunction is is a big a big part of that as well as certain enzymes that are not working optimally. And when we think about uh neurotransmission as well, that that's affected. And so, oxidative stress and inflammation are are other uh mechanism as to why why we think that there's a deficiency. And so, ketogenic diets can be a good intervention, we think, because it bypasses some of this energy metabolism uh deficits. And And it does that because there are two pathways that it can take, right? So, you're breaking down with the ketogenic diet, you're breaking it down into ketones. And you're breaking down fat, and you're not You're shifting your metabolism from the carbohydrate-burning state to a fat-burning state. And so, some of this ATP that's created, you know, it bypasses certain parts of the Krebs cycle, and you're make You're still producing ATP. So, these cells in the brain that are using ketones now, they're they're bypassing what they would normally have been doing where they are not making enough ATP. And so, this is one uh mechanism as to how we think it helps. And, you know, the other thing is glycolysis, right? So, So, that's another uh place where you can create glucose in a different uh fashion. And so, oxidative stress is another uh reactive oxygen species is is another mechanism as to why we think ketones can actually act that that way as uh reactive oxygen species itself. And so, um if we if we have too much stress around the cell, that's what we call oxidative stress. And so, what a keto ketogenic diet does is that it decreases that uh reactive oxygen species. And and inflammation. Yeah, so So to sum up, uh basically, what you're saying is that um the ketones and fat burning in general is more energy efficient. It produces more energy per oxygen molecule oxidized. And so unless unless oxidated damage during the process per unit of energy. So basically because we know that mental health is also oxidative stress is an underlying problem in mental health. You are addressing that component, right? Yeah, exactly. So that's one mechanism that we think is helpful. But ketogenic diets have been studied for a long time actually and it's been it's been well known for its success in pediatric epilepsy, with diabetes, obesity, and insulin resistance as well more recently, but um it's there's some improvements that have been shown in the neurodegenerative conditions and developmental disorders like Alzheimer's or autism. And so that was one one way, but we also think that it it does other things with you know, changing the hormonal shifts like I was mentioning before so that it actually modifies that natural and drug reward pathway in the brain. So your hunger hormones are not going awry anymore and it can actually uh you know, change the reactivity of the dopamine system. And so when you are having excess carbohydrates, these foods will cause rapid shifts similar to what drugs of abuse do, the pharmacokinetics of drug drug abuse. And so you're also changing that system too with the ketogenic diet, at least as that's what we think. Yeah. Well, this is very interesting and it's something I still didn't discuss in with my students and I would like to ask you. So, um that um there are So, studies show that the ketogenic diet uh decreases uh the the level of both ghrelin, which is a is a appetite our appetite hormone, and uh that increases appetite, and then uh leptin, which is actually known as the satiety hormone. And so, you may think, "Okay, so this is a bad thing because if my satiety hormone goes down, then I should be be more hungry." But, uh it seems that actually uh uh the ketogenic diet is enhancing our sensitivity, the way our body responds to leptin and other hormones, including the thyroid hormones. So, there is a mechanism by which our body somehow becomes more efficient at responding to some hormones signaling, so that our body needs to to doesn't need to be so loud with hormones and bombarding a lots of hormones in the bloodstream to have high leptin, high thyroid hormones, because our cells become more sensitive to respond to those to those signals. Can you elaborate on that? Yeah, so I think you you made the point there that's most most critical is that it makes it more sensitive, right? So, the the sensitivity piece, where it's insulin sensitive, leptin sensitive, that changes when you're not having these excess carbohydrates that are essentially raising the insulin and uh changing the reactivity. It makes it more reactive, right? So, I think ultimately if you dampen down the response by having a more stable blood glucose, you also have a more you have a lower insulin level. You're making you're making it more sensitive the cells are more sensitive to to the hormones. But beyond just that, it's also down regulating our dopamine receptors. Mhm. So, uh that's uh it's sorry, the ultra-processed food and sugar down regulates the dopamine receptors. So, that More. Yeah, that makes us eat more compulsively. And so, you know, that the highly processed foods will trigger the dopamine reward pathways and induce that addictive like behavior where we have those intense cravings or feelings of withdrawal when cutting down on ultra-processed food or uh continued consumption, right? Despite knowing adverse consequences and so forth. So, that's how we think about addiction. Um Yeah. Yeah. And so, dopamine just for for those who are yeah, not um biology experts is is known as the feel-good hormone, right? Or the the the yeah, that it's it's controlling the reward pathways as Shabani mentioned. So, that it's involved in many addictive behavior. behaviors. Um yeah. And so, so that's how a ketogenic diet can help regulate this system. Do you have Do you know whether some some studies have investigated the effects of ketogenic diets on the dopamine system? Yeah, there was a study that where they looked at uh a ketogenic diet in those with alcohol use disorder and they also still they should they showed that there was a reduction in alcohol consumption and also showed an an increase in mood. Uh, and so that was uh that was a helpful study, but there isn't enough research yet in in this field and and more people are starting to um do research in this field which is very needed and very interesting and so one of the things that I'm working on um is looking at how the ketogenic diet affects uh mood in bipolar illness as well as uh schizophrenia. So there's been some reports and case studies about schizophrenia improving specifically the psychosis symptoms improving with the ketogenic diet and with bipolar illness it you know it it makes a lot of sense because theoretically uh you know there's this thing we it's called uh BDNF and that's brain-derived neurotrophic factor. It creates more connections. You can kind of think of it as miracle grow for the brain and a ketogenic diet will stabilize blood sugar so you avoid those hormonal shifts, but it also uh increases the expression of this miracle grow and that's been associated with the lower food intake and the diet's kind of higher in sugar and refined carbohydrates actually have shown to you know decrease that expression and so we think that might be another mechanism as well uh for binge eating and with food addiction and as well as mood disorders. So the ketosis can what we think is it dampens down reward with signaling so I mentioned that before, but I didn't explain the specifics and the there's excitatory activity in brain. Your brain is, you know, constantly communicating from, you know, one part of the brain to another. You have electrical signals. And those electrical signals are given by these chemical messengers. And there's always this relationship of how much of this chemical messenger and how much of this. And the levels are changing constantly. And so if there's a rise in one and there's a decrease in the another another that gives the brain a signal to do X. Um to either fire or not to fire. And so with a ketogenic diet, what happens is it actually decreases the excitatory activity in the brain, which is very helpful in conditions like uh addictive um you know, diseases, alcohol use disorder, even opiate use disorder. Um and and binge eating and food addiction to that to that effect as well. So we see that so there's this neurotransmitter called GABA. And that inhibits response. It dampens down that excitement in the brain. Uh and there's glutamate, which is uh an excitatory neurotransmitter that increases the firing in the brain. And so when we have too much carbohydrates or we have too much refined sugars, we're actually increasing that excitatory activity more and we're not having enough of that inhibition that we need. Um you know, in in certain conditions like bipolar illness, for example, we have much more of that excitatory activity. And what we do in the you know, pharmacotherapeutic agents that we use, we we use these drugs that actually stabilize the mood and dampen down that excitement. So what a ketogenic diet will do is dampen down that excitement with food. All right? It's It's really an intervention, not just a diet. It's really changing uh the signaling in the brain in a way that uh the medications are doing. So, indirectly, it's it's altering neurotransmission. And so, there There There may be other mechanisms, but certainly this is a is a big one that we think is responsible for making changes mechanistically. Yeah, and I want to make a comment on this beautiful concept that you just described because the ketogenic diet is a a therapeutic intervention, uh and uh it can be uh viewed as a one of the first examples of an epigenetic intervention based on on what you just said. So, a diet that is known to be associated with specific gene expression pattern, and Shabani described how there is the upregulation of inhibitory pathways in the brain, and down regulation of excitatory pathways. And really, this is I think one of the I I teach a class on diet and gene expression, and some of my students ask me, "Are there any examples of uh uh dietary interventions that uh have epigenetic effects?" This is one. Uh it is strongly associated with with the with these major shifts shifts in uh in uh brain pathways. And uh I think that's that's This is This is very exciting. You know, we are also trying um in the DIETFITS study to make these associations with the you know, what what are the the pathways that are activated by a low-fat diet and a low-carb diet. And we do see differences. Uh we the diet that we tested is not a ketogenic diet. It was a a strict low-carb diet only in the first 3 months and then uh slowly shifted to a I would say like the high carbohydrate diet. But anyway, um but we do still we see differences and we see that the low-carbohydrate diet is activating more immune pathways so pathways associated with immunity and the low-fat diet more pathways associated with the cancer biology. Anyway, my point is this is that the the ketogenic diet is one I think the most the first and best established examples of epigenetic interventions. So, thank you very much, Shabani. I would like to um uh invite my students to ask you some questions, but before I do that, would you like to make any final remark or things I didn't ask ask you and you wish I had asked you? No, Lucia, that was great. Uh I guess the one thing that [clears throat] I could mention that I think would be would be interesting is that you know, the the prevalence of obesity we all know has been increasing, right? And and and eating disorders in particular, binge eating also and addictive like eating have really risen. And it [clears throat] also has you know, risen in concordance with the increasing dominance of of ultra-processed foods and and refined sugar in our diets and in the modern food environment. And I think that's really a something to think about because the way you know the way we think about diets is you know you're temporarily on them and then you're off them. But if you think about it from a lifestyle change perspective, there's something that we're doing right now that is not good, right? This the way our standard American diet is 300 something carbohydrates a day. That's our bodies were not meant to metabolize so much of the uh excess carbohydrates. And so it's very interesting that you know, our research now is focusing on changing dietary patterns just to improve these higher and higher rates of disease. So it's not just mental illness, but there are many other medical conditions that we're seeing. Blood pressure, diabetes. 50 years ago we we didn't see so much of this. Uh you know, it was something that we saw in patients who were in their 50s, 40s, 50s. And now we're seeing these illnesses in kids. And mental illness is always something that's been there, but we haven't had so much of so many rates of this. And like I mentioned, it's a heterogeneous condition. So that means there are multiple causes. It's multifactorial, genes, environment, a combination of that. And if we're thinking it like autism rates have spiked. I mean, there's so much we're learning and we we should keep in mind uh you know, what what we're doing to to our brains uh cuz it's not just the liver or the pancreas. Uh you know, it's not just diabetes or uh fatty liver that we're causing. We're really affecting all of our bodies and we're affecting our brain. And so I would just uh you know, end with that that uh concept is is to think think big picture about what we are doing to to our bodies. So, brain and body are connected, so. What a beautiful message to end this this informative and inspiring conversation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @juliesaadwellness [4 likes]: I never believed in this until I experienced it for myself. I went on keto to lose weight. I did, but then I realized my ADHD was pretty much gone and my PMDD was totally gone.
  2. @zadok22 [4 likes]: Wonderful conversation. My wife and I started keto & IF about 1 - 1/2 ago. I have documented over 40 things it has corrected! I have lost 50 lbs, no longer obese or overweight. I currently weigh what I weighed in middle school. People can't believe I am 60. I can outwork my much younger self by a long shot!
  3. @matthunt208 [3 likes]: Thank you Dr's. Aronica and Sethi.  This was a very easy to understand explanation of Metabolic Health and extremely informative.   You guys ROCK!!!
  4. @osamaafif [2 likes]: Thank you Lucia and Shebani 🙏❤️
  5. @hrc6408 [1 likes]: Excellent discussion and so valuable the information! Thank you both. I really miss your classes Dr. Aronica!!
  6. @liviacalvino6775 [1 likes]: Interessantissimo !
  7. @angelafernandez7751: Faccio la keto da 3 anni e mi trovo benissimo. Una domanda: se non bastassi fare la dieta chetogenica per la presenza di insulino resistenza? Grazie Dott.ssa Aronica per l'importante lavoro che svolge e per aver risposto alle mie e-mails!!!
  8. @cosetteworld: I liked this talk but please. Autism rates have spiked because we are getting better at identifying it, especially in marginalized populations. Not because it's a pathology that is increasing with poor diet. Miss me with that eugenics-adjacent pathological approach to my neurotype, please! I am pretty sure an autistic person was a huge part of developing whatever tech you are using to watch this!!!!
  9. @cristinagimli4419: Sono contenta che sto studiando inglese così la capisco... quasi tutto 🤭

- How Keto Diet Can Ease Bipolar Symptoms | BrainTalk Podcast Episode 8 | Dr. Shebani Sethi: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to brain talk a podcast from Project brainstorm about the bipolar Spectrum your hosts are Dr Jim Phelps a psychiatrist and author of several groundbreaking books about bipolar and Sarah schay author of The Memoir brainstorm from broken to bless on the bipolar spectrum and co-creator of brainstorm the film coming to you in 2025 here on brain talk we'll interview new experts each week about their research and expertise within bipolar and listeners will call in to ask questions let's work together to save lives and the stigma and create healing for everyone on the bipolar spectrum and those who love them hey there Dr Phelps what's happening hello Sarah schay nice to see you once again we're going to talk today to someone from my alma M Stanford University so this is an opportunity for me to go home a little bit Dr shibani sethy is coming up and um her work is really interesting because people are always fascinated when we hear about keto and she is um very much dedicated to the keto diet I will'll talk more with her about this she refers to herself I believe as a metabolic psychiatrist which is a different way of looking at this whole elephant um the El you know the entirety of the elephant of what's causing bipolarity is this about you know brain energy and that kind of thing uh what are your thoughts on keto Jim I think you stay in my business long enough you become like a professional skeptic uhhuh um so there are lots of like exciting new treatments popping up and like well cool um but let's see how they really prove out there are some risks that go with it um but probably not as many risks as a brand new pharmaceutical that we don't know anything about we know a lot about ketogenic diets they've been around for a long time it's interesting like whenever I talk about what we've been learning on the road filming for brainstorm the film and various possible treatments people always perk up when they hear about a diet because they think oh that's something I could do myself you know without a prescription we'll find out more all right well let's let's welcome uh Dr Shabani sey to brain talk Dr Shabani sethy welcome to brain talk we're so glad to have you with us it's been a year since I saw you last and um you were deep into your work on keto diet and metabolic Psychiatry and how that's working with people with bipolar disorder so we're really excited to catch up with you and everything you've been doing uh but why don't we just start by saying like how did you get interested in this field yeah that's a great question so in medical school I I had some experience with doing an obesity medicine rotation and in that in that experience I saw patients that had mental health conditions as well and so I ended up asking myself well how how is this connected to obesity um how is this connected to metabolic health and often times when I was in a primary care setting I saw patients complaining about uh blood sugar issues or they're pre-diabetic or onto on their way to to have diabetes and they also had mood symptoms and so that wasn't always addressed maybe there was a referral to a psychiatrist but it just seemed so siloed psychiatry in one place and uh Primary Care andrology in such a different area that just didn't feel connected enough for me and I wondered whether there was a relationship between the two and that's how my interest started uh at that point point in training so when I went through residency I focused on the metabolism and mental health and uh what we know as metabolic Psychiatry today wow it's really fascinating I always love when somebody sees silos and says okay we need to figure out the interdependency between those two or what's the connection and the Gap in care that I noticed was you know those with uh serious mental illness have much much higher rates of metabolic issues uh the percent of those who are overweight or OBC are much higher than the general population a lot of these patients actually don't necessarily have a primary care doctor and you know they're taking uh medications which are also life- saving but at the same time have some side effects as well I felt it was just really important to address that and not not uh dismiss it or ignore it and so that's why I ended up um getting boarded in in obesity medicine as well as Psychiatry and so what is metabolic Psychiatry am I right that you coined that term or did I make that up so when I was in a residency training I had created a pathway um for myself actually and other residents for the future um at Stanford who who are training uh here at Stanford and it is a Eating Disorders obesity pathway um originally and then I started also realizing that this connection is through many different diseases within Psychiatry and so I termed it metabolic Psychiatry because I felt that metabolic uh interventions can be helpful for Psychiatry as a whole um and bringing a name to it has brought a lot of attention to put further research in it and now I'm uh primarily focused on Research at Stanford focused on uh different interventions so ketogenic diet is one of those interventions uh but also I've looked at uh obesity medications and other and other insulin sensitizers that also Target different parts of the brain essentially that uh can be helpful for mental health outcomes Shabani do so metabolic interventions I I imagine they're number you've I know that you've focused um quite a bit on ketogenic diet and uh and our our um work as you know in in this podcast and film is focusing mostly on bipolar Spectrum mood Spectrum challenges what is a ketogenic diet uh and then we'll ask you more about why is it useful and how does it work yeah all great questions yeah so a ketogenic diet is essentially a uh eating pattern that is a low carbohydrate moderate protein and high fat diet um it is a dietary pattern and has been a metabolic therapy for epilepsy I had you know through my obesity medicine experience and training in the past seen that it improved insulin resistance and obesity as well and so when I had originally saw patients with bipolar or with schizophrenia uh through my training they were struggling with metabolic syndrome or they were struggling with other metabolic issues and I figured well if it's helping for other brain conditions uh the ketogenic diet for epilepsy and we have these medications that have side effects could it be helpful for for either I did a pilot study um which looked at 23 individuals uh with a ketogenic diet in schizophrenia or bipolar and we looked at psychiatric outcomes as well as metabolic outcomes so with bipolar we did see the 79% had an improvement by at least yeah some said that it changed our life uh some said that it really they were able to get off disability start working again and it was largely due to a mental Clarity they felt they had um even if with hallucinations or with uh delusions the frequency was less so even if they still had the symptoms it was it there was some tangible Improvement that they that they felt or their family would report that maybe they didn't necessarily notice but their family did why does it work uh with bipolar most honest answers we don't really know exactly um but we do know some things about the brain and what ketogenic diets do insulin and glucose handling in the brain is bit different when you're diagnosed with something like bipolar or with schizophrenia there are handling differences even before you start sumon on a medication there are changes in those areas for these conditions and so if you have a metabolic treatment that's going to circumvent that pathway if there's a deficiency in a certain pathway and you circumvent that pathway to create energy um that's the idea behind a ketogenic diet is that you're you're finding a different Pathway to create energy when your brain didn't really have the energy to begin with OR it didn't have all the pieces together in the Machinery that that are needed so uh your car can run on two different fuels it can run on gasoline and it can run on electricity um but some people's gas engine is just not working that well and so their engine is kind of sputtering and they can't make the car gr very fast um and for them if they can just if you can just push the engine to switch over to using electricity then the the car can function the way it's supposed to is that switching and fuel is that fair yeah that's fair I really like that um analogy as well and it's uh exactly you know it's exactly right the idea of your body going from a primary carbohydrate burning state to a fat Bur State you're producing Ketone bodies that gets um in the blood from breaking down fat and then we measure that in the blood and so in the trial we continually measured uh the BHB level and that's how we knew whether they were compliant uh to the diet or not um I know it's a a pilot study and we would need more data to kind of conclude uh or confirm that but we are working on designing an RCT study right now um a larger one of 120 folks and looking at control versus a ketogenic are yeah and your dose response relationship was the more ketogenic you are the more period of time that you stay in that state the better your symptom response yeah exactly could you give us an example of well what kinds of things are people eating when they're um pursuing the ketogenic diet yeah so for example maybe for breakfast they'll have eggs um and they'll have an avocado could be smoke salmon in the morning with eggs and um you know some cream cheese and it's actually what I eat in the morning so just kind of describing my own breakfast uh so yeah that's that's a keto friendly breakfast you know it could be like a chicken salad um or fish and vegetables and this same thing for for dinner uh it could be um meet you know some poultry and some vegetables and the vegetables are just very carefully picked out that they are non-starchy vegetables versus starchy vegetables so you know I provide them a list of what the differences are and then kind of a you know meal plan to try to understand that we we did some filming of some of your colleagues over across the pond in Scotland to keto people who swear that it changed your life completely from devastating bolar depressions for decades and now they're back and so it's pretty anecdotally really impressive to hear these folks so we did like a little cooking thing with them you know like a like a um British Bake Off they were in the kitchen and they didn't know each other and they were sharing recipes and so he makes us like onions and mushrooms and butter and steak and then they had like whipped cream and berries this looks pretty good you can yeah yeah yeah you can have dessert it's just a different kind of dessert the ketogenic diet As I understood it is um used in kids with epilepsy that was one of the places where I was first really pursued was in epilepsy that was not responding to typical anti-seizure medications this diet really worked but then you have this challenge of parents and children and who's in charge and um so so the good news is man if parents and children can do this and and get a response um yeah I'm presuming somewhat easier for working with adults oh absolutely I mean the more uh support one individual can get the better and I have found you know parents often kind of reach out and they want their you know kid to have this treatment and so it's really important to engage um sometimes the the family together it's helpful especially as they're eating meals together right um and so we're which is why as part of our clinical program we're doing support groups um so any for any patient their you know any caregiver parent or family member or if it's their uh you know girlfriend or boyfriend they can come in and support them uh and that's been helpful uh for patients to have to feel like there's they're not alone I would think that from my standpoint is you know during a bipolar depression I can't even figure out how to open a can of soup you know let alone shop and cook more complex diet um I think there's also craving for carbohydrates but it's it's so it's so difficult to do anything I would think it would be really important at the beginning until you start to have positive response to have a partner spouse Mom Dad kid somebody who's actually helping you implement this um diet what do you think absolutely it's it's so critical um you know there's obviously a selection bias and sometimes who comes to me cuz they're so motivated they want to start uh right away but then there are the ones that exactly what you're talking about Sarah that that do need that um support initially and so we want to provide that as much as possible because we want them to succeed and I know we focus on ketogenic diet right now because that's the you know most recent uh trial and the next trial that I'm currently working on but there are other metabolic interventions U medications that can be helpful too um and so I really try to figure out what the most uh in a personalized way what's going to be most helpful for you know that patient so for example with Cravings there are some people that are just a bit more biologically wired to have a little more trouble with that um and have a draw symptoms even just getting off sugar it really does happen and so having having a you know a treatment approach uh that considers that um can be really helpful too even with medication and like food cravings and so forth to help them with that yeah I wonder and correct me again with my analogy um if someone's brain is just saying come on come on get us more fuel get us more fuel it's thinking get me more glucose um because this is glucose is not working so carbo carbohy craving is like get me more gasoline so the r is getting you more gasoline is not going to work your gasoline ingestion system is not working we need to switch it to electricity yeah exactly e you have an electric vehicle yes hyrid can I go back to something you said earlier about mental Clarity I find that really interesting because one of the things I've talked to Jim about and others is this uh traumatic dramatic decrease in cognitive function that um people like me experienced when we're having a depressive episode like it's like what happened to my brain and it's it's there I don't I haven't heard really good explanations but so can you correlate why why is the keto diet or ketogenesis or this other the electric fuel and Jim's uh metaphor analogy how would that help me with my mental Clarity cognitive function the idea um with these with the dietary changes and what it's doing in the brain is that it's actually changing the structure and function of the brain you know over time uh so with imaging studies the idea is that there's actually more uh connections being formed so you have improvements in uh synapse uh you know changes neuronal prolifer proliferation and growth and so that's that's huge right um to to have something like a diet changing that wow now now if we think about drugs or medications um you know making changes in that area I don't know much about that I don't know how much that has that actually changes structure and function of the brain I my you know Dr Phelps maybe you have some thoughts on that but I think there are probably some changes um but how much is a different story right there maybe more functional connectivity changes that I've seen but right yeah so lithium would be the famous One um lithium's ability to promote neurogenesis to help neurons grow new neurons make more connections just as you were describing for the results of the diet that's been seen with lithium I think it's actually pretty substantial as you probably know there's interest in looking at lithium as a preventive agent for dementia um because if lithium can help neurons grow and survive U maybe it can help them withstand the things that take us toward our dementia but to be able to do that with a diet without and and actually see those same kinds of neurogenesis in the brain with the dietary change that's really exciting and Shaban you mentioned um it's not just a ketogenic diet you have numerous interventions could you tell us about some of the others yeah so I do use uh a lot of insulin sensitizers there's more studies coming out looking at psychiatric um outcomes with gp1s and then there are medications like uh for example alone and broon which are commonly used in Psychiatry but also is a repurposed um obesity drug called contrave um zonisamide is another one there are different medications that act on uh you know either the different way reward pathway or yeah other other areas that's going to affect appetite regulation centers and so forth that that are helpful um in this particular context as well yeah so it's a mix terms I combine it withut yeah yeah and also combining it with nutrition as well I have a daughter who's in her 20s I I'm also an American woman there are there's so much um focus on our body's body image and the concern about people getting um overly obsessed let's say with a particular uh diet pattern particularly if it's a rigid one um and I think with you know I know for myself like it's not helpful to get too extreme about things if that makes sense because when I was younger I could get like oh I'm going to do this diet or this exercise or this and it would like s send me off into not the greatest place how would you deal with body image issues eating disorder eating CH disordered eating challenges while um prescribing a ketogenic diet let's say yeah no I I think that the question that you're getting at really is uh important and I think patients with uh those types of um issues do need more of a nuanced approach um I do really worry about uh kind of too strict and thinking uh kind of overthinking and and the rigidity of that so if there's too much rigidity and I noticed that I I'm very sensitive to that and I increase the flexibility and I don't put rules as much with them and really just focus on what the goal is for them healthwise and then just try to get there and it doesn't have to be like a rigid plan like that it's a a very different approach um I did actually have so I've been trained in Eating Disorders so I do uh DBT therapy or CBT with them and DBT is dialectical behavioral therapy uh which can be really helpful for emotional disregulation and especially with when it comes to food consumption as well it's very relevant well Dr we're going to need to wrap and we know we want to honor your time because you're a busy Stanford researcher and Professor uh what would you like to share with us anything regarding a message of Hope for those of us living bipolar in our families what do you see on the horizon what are you hopeful about yeah I you know I want to say that anyone who's listening that there are factors that are available to that you are able to control you know if you are suffering from bipolar or schizophrenia that maybe you haven't tried and it's worth uh giving it a shot and if it is something that you are interested in or have questions about you know we're more than happy to um triage you whether you want to be involved in a clinical trial or whether you want clinical care or you just want resources um we're happy to support that um metabol psychiatry.com is a good place to start to go and to contact us um so we're happy to be there for you or if you're a provider or a clinician that's interested and you want to understand more or how you could integrate this in your practice and want us to support you we're happy to do that as well please reach out metabolic Psychiatry Labs is the other website so we have two websites and happy to support thank you for having me on your show wow all right well wonderful we'll have to have you back in a year and learn more about what you've learned in the interim that's that's those are great resources thank you so much again uh Dr Shabani sey for joining us this morning thank you for having me yeah okay well that was really cool I feel like every time we do one of these you and I look at one another when we're done we go wow I know it's so fascinating I I what stayed with you Jim from that conversation fuels thinking about fuels switching fuels and you need to do that from inside you can't just cram more of a PO particular fuel that's not working like carbohydrates when people really crave them it's just not going to switch your fuel the way you need to yeah that's that's super interesting I love seeing you get excited about something come up with a new metaphor like like a kid in the candy store very helpful your metaphors I I find this concept of that it would actually change the structure of the brain like that you could actually grow new neurons based on what you eat that's wild I'd love to see a picture of that well when I was training we were still in the era of oh no your brain um you only have a certain number of neurons you were born with and you don't get to make any new ones so don't be drinking that alcohol and killing them off you know well oops sorry that was wrong there are parts of the brain not all of it that make brand new baby neurons all the time at an a remarkable rate so lithium is one of the things that makes that rate go up and now we just learned from Dr Shabani sey that sure enough a ketogenic diet also makes that rate go up which is amazing to think that you have a you know a medication like lithium but a dietary change and they're doing something very similar if not identical you could do both and and um be better off as a result you know like you were saying when we have agency when there's something that we can do to intervene and take control of our own health that's also that's healing in itself indeed right absolutely yeah physical emotional creative and spiritual pecs flex your pecs and I I think about those are the things that we can do to make a difference in our own health and yeah the medication's important therapy if you need it definitely support networks but in addition we can do these things so like I'm you know I don't know I'm over disciplined because I know it's at risk if I don't practice my you know good good diet good exercise good going to bed on time good light in the morning and um all the other things that I do as well and but for people out there just starting don't get overwhelmed that you have to do everything but you know you start what's the next right thing as I know they say in AA but now I'm like you know I'm sort of habituated to you know always get up first thing do exercise second thing do yoga so I guess the keto diet would fall under physical in terms of what what um uh dietary choices do we make right and so you know maybe important to clarify that we're not talking about hey everybody should go on ketogenic diet right but becoming more mindful about the potential impacts of what we eat as having an influence on how we feel um and that we're learning more and more about that um so we've had other guests on the show talking about timed eating for example or Mediterranean diet as having enough impact that they're even studying those in a randomized trial head-to-head against one another so yeah these are you know a Mediterranean diet or a timed eating is really within reach as you say you work your way up to it but this is Within Reach even without an expert like Dr sey trying to help you achieve a ketogenic diet right yeah I do both those time in the Mediterranean I've I've learned over time it just makes sense to me it's like okay shut the factory down at night give it a chance to rest you know open the factory up in the morning Factory being metabolic Factory right so at night you can clear out all the waist and I I just feel like it is stabilizing of my mood not to have like a sugar Spike after 10 at night um when you're probably not supposed to have that and then similarly like it's just ined me okay well if I'm going to have a sugar Spike anytime in the day that's not going to be so great for my mood because then it's going to tank after um so I'm not like uber restricted but I'm like 8020 Ru you know and I I have to eat maple syrup because my husband makes maple syrup we live in the maple tree world I love my maple syrup yeah 8020 rule as you say 8020 good got it let's say thanks to our ERS Luke Meda and Hannah CR who are um our editors for the show and they've been amazing and uh more to come see you soon Jim right great thanks so much for joining us on brain talk our bipolar Spectrum podcast brain talk is a program of brainstorm a multiplatform project about the bipolar Spectrum which includes Sarah Shay's Memoir and a fulllength documentary coming in 2025 we aim to save lives Crush stigma and maximize healing for all people living with bipolar and those who love them for more information head to www.b brainstorm thee film.com to call in to a future episode and ask questions go to brainstorm thee film.com backpod

  Top Comments:
  1. @poochini7272: So true! Is it going to be a can of beans or whipping up a gourmet dinner tonight? Your guess is as good as mine! 😂

- Can a keto diet treat mental illness? | 90 Seconds w/ Lisa Kim: Kind: captions Language: en-US - We often hear about the keto diet helping you lose weight and treating diseases like diabetes and epilepsy. But a new Stanford study on metabolic psychiatry shows how it can also treat mental illnesses. - I try not to overhype it, but yeah, I think it is life changing for patients. What we are eating does affect the brain. It affects brain health, it affects cognition. Mechanistically, we're trying to better understand why, but this pilot basically tells us that it's an encouraging intervention that's helping patients, whether it's psychiatric outcomes, mental health symptoms, or whether it's metabolic outcomes. A ketogenic diet is a low carbohydrate, moderate protein, and high fat diet. You do stay away from bread, sweets, pasta, cereals. - What did you find with the patients, the participants? How much did their lives change? - We found for mental health symptoms, quality of life improved, sleep improved, energy improved. They were telling us that there were some improvements even in hallucinations or delusions, paranoia symptoms, more mental clarity. - And this is because of a change in diet. What they ate. - It was because of a change in diet, but also in production of ketones. A ketone is basically when you break down fat, you will get ketones circulating in your blood and your brain burns that for energy. When the brain is burning ketones for energy, we're seeing certain levels are meaningful for mental health symptoms. - What mental illnesses does this diet help alleviate? - The pilot is encouraging in showing us that there are improvements in schizophrenia and bipolar. We are looking to study this in the eating disorder population as well, with binge eating and bulimia in particular. It can save people's lives. That makes me feel that I'm doing something that's meaningful for patients, and that's really what drives me forward to keep doing this research. When I see patients improving and when they have that hope and they feel encouraged by something that they're in control of, it makes me feel very rewarded.

  Top Comments:
  1. @barneyrubble8255 [37 likes]: only took psychiatry 100 years to figure it out
  2. @Biscuitporcelain [3 likes]: It’s free and pharma can’t make money off it
  3. @One00042 [3 likes]: 💡
  4. @Anne-MetteEliasen [3 likes]: 🙏❤️
  5. @Fröhlich1985 [3 likes]: Thank you 😊
  6. @desirecruz359: Thank you! Doing this for a family member!!

- Dominic D'Agostino - KD Brain Cancer Mechanisms: Kind: captions Language: en yeah the ketogenic diet has many mechanisms um Associated for the metabolic management of brain tumors and I think from an acute perspective when someone uh follows a ketogenic diet you get a number of different things happen to limit the growth and proliferation of brain tumors and first and foremost is probably uh the reduction and glucose availability to the tumor is one thing and the ketogenic also suppresses the hormone insulin and we know insulin is associated with tumor growth and Metabolism it also elevates glycolysis which is the energy pathway that the tumor tissue uses to grow and uh interestingly you know it also obviously elevates ketones and the data now is indicating that uh ketones have a wide variety effects we know that normal healthy cells that have healthy mitochondria can use ketones for energy and every Cancer cell that I'm aware of has defective mitochondria in one way or another so that would uh basically make cancer cells uh make ketones a non-efficient energy source for cancer cells because of their defective mitochondria and now we know that ketones function more uh than just a metabolite so they have signaling properties and two probably the most important properties are the the impact on gene expression we know that ketones function as what's known as a histone deacetylase inhibitor or an hdac inhibitor and that class of drug is very U uh pharmaceutical companies are looking to develop various hdac inhibitors for uh managing cancer so we know we have when we follow the ketogenic diet we have an elevation of an endogenous metabolite that's a very powerful hdac inhibitor and that can influence gene expression in a variet of ways that can help perhaps turn off enogen and uh it's healthy for our own natural cells uh a paper that we published a few months ago demonstrated that the Ketone metabolite beta hydroxy berate suppresses an inflammosome called the nlrp3 inflammosome and that's associated with a wide variety of age related chronic diseases but most importantly a number of different cancers Thrive off of uh our initi iated by inflammation and inflammation further exacerbates their uh cancer growth and proliferation so that's uh not a short answer but some of the some of the things that the Ken diet can do uh to impact tumor growth

- DOM D’AGNOSTINO 3 | Ketones 101…bypass GLUT  receptors, enter brain for healing: Kind: captions Language: en so i've given talks at pharmaceutical companies where they want me to give a talk on the mechanism of the ketogenic diet so they can sort of reverse engineer some drug to target a mechanism and when i throw up you know that panel there that shows all the mechanisms i think they get depressed because they realize a drug is really not possible so here's the biogenic or bioenergetic effects of ketones and in this case it's just the brain so the liver is the site of ketone production so under situations of suppressed glucose gluconeogenesis in the liver and also suppressed insulin signaling and mild glycogen depletion the liver produces these ketone bodies as acetyl coa from beta oxidation of fatty acids accumulates and the acetyl-coa condenses together to form acetoacetate and then beta-hydroxybutyrate beta-hydroxybutyrate is the primary ketone body in circulation because it's more resistant to degradation whereas acetoacetate uh can be spontaneously decarboxylated but beta-hydroxybutyrate needs to be broken down to acetoacetate to be used as fuel so keep that in mind but coach is essentially the oxidized form of beta-hydroxybutyrate so the point is the liver makes ketones but does not use ketones as an energy source it lacks succinyl-coa transferase and that's very interesting because cancer cells also lack this enzyme many most cancer cells lack this enzyme that allows the cancer cells to use the ketone bodies for fuel the liver is the production center for ketones when insulin signaling is suppressed due to low carb intake ketones are made fatty acids are converted into the fuels acetoacetate beta hydroxybutyrate the liver makes ketones but does not use them for energy most cancer cells also cannot use ketones for energy so these ketone bodies spill into circulation and they bypass many of the regulatory steps associated with uh the glucose being able to support bioenergetic functions so in the case of impaired glut 1 glucose transporter 1 deficiency or glut 3 deficiency that's the transporter on the membrane of neurons in the case of those being deficient or not functioning or in the case of alzheimer's disease or traumatic brain injury the glut3 transporter gets internalized inside the cell and then the glucose can't get into the cell but ketones bypass that process it even bypasses pyruvate dehydrogenase complex so if you have pyruvate dehydrogenase complex deficiency syndrome is treated with the ketogenic diet so for kids that have this they need to be on the ketogenic diet uh pdh is also impaired in alzheimer's disease and also traumatic brain injury in the case of the glut1 or glut 3 deficiency or in alzheimer's disease or traumatic brain injury ketones bypass these regulatory steps and enter the brain and they also bypass pyruvate the hydrogenase complex pdc which converts pyruvate into acetyl coa used by the krebs cycle so pdc syndrome is treated by a keto diet so an alzheimer's disease so we know alzheimer's disease is characterized uh as glucose hypometabolism and uh the hallmark characteristic of alzheimer's disease is a decrease in intensity of a fluorodeoxyglucose pet scan so there's less of an intensity showing radioactive glucose present in the liver there's less uptake of glucose it's also interesting to observe that a number of studies showing that cerebral blood flow increases about 30 percent during acute hyperketonemia alzheimer's disease is glucose hypometabolism less uptake of glucose into the liver cerebral blood flow increases 30 percent during acute hyperketone low cerebral ketone uptake dated and summarized easy to share with loved ones the description below the title for this video has these summary points

  Top Comments:
  1. @garyfinch1840 [2 likes]: Great videos m8
  2. @neilhaslewood8109: Just found your channel, fantastic summaries of my favourite drs. All the very best & thank you so much for the excellent work!
  3. @PauloFerreira-wp2it: Greetings from Brazil 🇧🇷 🔆🔆🔆🌈🦜🌈🦜🎉🎊🎉🎊🌴🌴🌴🌴

- Dr. Dominic D'Agostino - KetoNutrition: From Science to Application: Kind: captions Language: en - So today I'm gonna talk about sort of the history of what I do and why I do what I do starting with the basic science. So I was trained as a neuroscientist from a fundamental perspective looking at basic cellular mechanisms and my career, and that was back in 1995 when Dr. Bullock was already doing ketogenic diet research. I was actually studying metabolism in in-vitro cell cultures. And that led me over 10 years to looking at ketones as a neuroprotective strategy. And over the years we validated the effect of nutritional ketosis and exogenous ketone supplementation in a variety of model systems and that has more recently led to a human research that I will fill you in on a little bit as much as I can. So before I begin always like to thank our sponsors because they really do make this research possible. It's not always easy to get funding for this kind of research especially at the federal level. The office of Navy Research has been sponsoring me for 12 years now. The Department of Defense actually funded a lot of the equipment that I'll be showing you in my talk. NASA actually supports us logistically to do various missions. One I'll be talking about, the NEEMO mission. And NAVSEA recently funded a project at Duke University to look at the ketogenic diet in divers. So we have funding from various private industries. My university is supporting us with an SBIR to develop our company, Ketone Technologies. And we work with a variety of organizations, 501(c)(3) foundations, that can also benefit from this research on nutritional ketosis. So my university, you know, says that I need to really disclose that the information I'm presenting today is not medical advice. I'll be presenting some information on new strategies to implement therapeutic ketosis that you may or may not have heard of. And this presentation includes data on ketone technologies that some of it is patented by the University of South Florida, some of it's commercialized and royalties go back and actually support our research. So the primary focus of my research over the last 10 years or so and for the next three years 'cause I just got funding, additional funding was to understand and prevent what's known as central nervous system oxygen toxicity seizures. So these are a limitation for our Navy Seal divers using a closed-circuit rebreather. Oxygen toxicity seizures are also a limitation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy which is used for 14 different FDA-approved applications including things like decompression sickness and ischemic wounds. So I was a part of a NASA mission called NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations. And I think we have actually two NEEMO aquanauts will attending this event which is pretty unusual. In this mission we actually maintain living in an extreme environment of saturation of pressure. And at the end of that mission the NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations, NEEMO, is a Mars or sort of a deep space analog that NASA does. There's 14 different analogs, and it's the only one that actually has astronauts participating in it. And prior to coming up to the surface, you breathe oxygen to decompress, to denitrogenate. And when you do that you breathe 100% oxygen at about an hour time frame to decompress and that's really pushing the limits of CNS oxygen toxicity. A Navy seal diver just at 50 feet of seawater can only stay there for about 10 minutes before they have the potential for oxygen toxicity seizures. And we were breathing 100% oxygen at 60 minutes in that environment. So in that particular mission, I actually stayed in a state of nutritional ketosis. So we use a variety of tools really to understand fundamentally, mechanistically, and from a physiological perspective what these extreme environments do. Elevated oxygen, elevated nitrogen, and also elevated CO2. We're becoming more interested in the effects of hypercapnia, elevated CO2 in the context of elevated oxygen levels. And we use a wide variety of tools atomic force microscopy, scanning confocal laser microscopy, electrophysiology, and radio telemetry. And we've adapted these tools for use inside of hyperbaric chambers like the one shown here where we have atomic force microscopy and confocal microscopy. And this allows us to look at things really at the basic fundamental level to where we can look at the cell membrane, the viscoelastic properties of the cell membrane. We can quantify for example, oxidative stress as a function of oxygen and how that changes lipid aggregates or the actual composition or surface of the membrane. And with confocal we can look at the mitochondria. We can optically section the cell and look at mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production as a function of oxygen over time. On the other end of the spectrum we do whole animal research using radio telemetry where we do EEG measurements, ECG, and diaphragmatic EMG to look at respiration. Using this equipment, it kinda allows us to vet out various neuroprotective strategies to find out what works from like a top-down approach. And then we can go back at this point in time, go back mechanistically to determine how particular ketogenic agents are functioning from a mechanistic perspective. So we have the ability to do EEG studies so we can detect in very high resolution the occurrence of a seizure almost before it happens because there's some cardiorespiratory biomarkers that we think can predict an impending seizure that might be useful. And now we're actually looking at vetting out different detection strategies and mitigation strategies. So in 1995 my primary focus and kinda still is today is neuroscience. I was investigating the effects of high pressure, of low-pressure oxygen and high-pressure oxygen using in-vitro cell culture preparations and also brain slice preparations as shown here. And it was really in an effort to understand fundamentally as my Ph.D. work transitioned to my postdoctoral fellowship work, my postdoctoral fellowship work was to really understand fundamentally why cells overproduce oxygen-free radicals and why this may be contributing to metabolic dysregulation that contributes to these tonic-clonic seizures that are a limitation of NAVY SEAL diving. So to do this we use a variety of preparations and one was the hippocampal brain preparation, brain slice preparation, so where we essentially can cut a living brain into a tissue slice like a piece of bread and that has the intact site architecture so we can measure the electrical activity in the brain under different parameters. And in this study we measured the effect of different levels of oxygen from 20, 40 to 60 to 95% oxygen. And in the middle picture is a snapshot of the hippocampal brain slice preparation of the CA1 region. The fluorescence that you see there is a dye we used dihydroethidium and that detects the formation of superoxide anion which is a precursor free radical for other reactive intermediates that we think disrupt neuronal function and start to disrupt also glucose metabolism. So, this preparation also allows us to look at seizures. So in this image here we can detect the orthodromic population spike which are all these neurons firing together after being stimulated. So we stimulate one time and that the amplitude of this measured under hyperbaric oxygen conditions, you could see relative to control conditions, there's a greater number of neurons that are hyper-excitable and firing. When we increase the level of oxygen not only do we get a big amplitude in the orthodromic population spike, we get these secondary spikes that occur from a single stimulus. So these secondary spikes are analogous to a seizure in a slice. And as you may know, the ketogenic diet really evolved as an anti-seizure strategy. So at this time I started becoming more interested in the ability to administer a ketogenic therapy to prevent oxygen toxicity seizures. And in my early work back in the mid-90s I was actually interested in a molecule called alpha-L-polylactate. So I was mostly interested in lactate, but it didn't really have an effective in our preparation. So as a continuation of this work going from cellular studies to animal studies we started doing these telemetry experiments to vet out different agents that could potentially mitigate, be a countermeasure to And as that work evolved, and I'll get to more this later, we started collaborating with organizations or facilities like Duke University where they have a hyperbaric chamber and they can do a wide variety of experiments to also fundamentally understand what is contributing to They study things like nitrogen narcosis and also decompression sickness. So in this experiment or in this setup here they don't actually push the divers to a seizure, but there are a variety of physiological biomarkers, cardiorespiratory biomarkers, that can actually detect before it happens. And we're doing a study right now. It's double-blind, it's a placebo-controlled study looking at the effects So and also, we as part of Mission Operations, we did a variety of cognitive function tests. Here's me using an iPad underwater at about three atmospheres, breathing hyperbaric air and doing things like out looking at reaction time, looking at decision-making, so under these extreme environments. We're at the point now where we're collecting data. We wanna collect data from two, at a minimum of two or three missions, and then that data sort of becomes the baseline data to compare a ketogenic intervention. Although in this particular mission, I actually stayed ketogenic because that was my baseline. So there are a variety of things that we can do Not all of them are feasible. For example, you know according to the dive tables, the NAVY dive tables, if we adhere to strict exposure time that will decrease our chances for oxygen toxicity. So at 30 feet of seawater our length of exposure is roughly 80 minutes. But at just 50 feet of seawater our length of exposure is just 10 minutes. And after 10 minutes we have the potential And this varies considerably between different people. And it can also vary considerably between the same person. If one person, the same person, is sleep deprived or on high levels of decongestants like ephedrine, pseudoephedrine, that can actually increase our predisposition So there's a wide variety of things that could augment or initiate oxygen toxicity seizures. During my initial studies, I became mostly interested in antioxidant compounds, things that can prevent the formation of reactive oxygen species which I thought was disrupting normal brain metabolism and the neural pharmacology of the brain. So antioxidants tend to work very well in in-vitro cell cultures and in brain slice preparations, but they don't work very well in in-vivo, in whole animal studies. So the go-to drug really for oxygen toxicity as it pertains to sort of like a disabled sub-scenario where you need to get the guys denitrogenated and up to the surface would be anticonvulsant drugs like by vigabatrin and other drugs at very high concentrations or doses that could impair war fighter performance and capabilities. So I became increasingly interested in alternative strategies for this. One of the things that caught my attention was the observation and this was documented by two independent labs that fasting could actually delay the latency to seizure up to 250%. And this was above and beyond any anticonvulsant drugs that I saw. There were a few experiment compounds that reached that level. But this idea of, I didn't know how it worked at the time because, and fasting didn't seem very feasible, but mechanistically I became interested in it. if I can get this to advance, so the question was how does fasting change brain energy metabolism? So the work that was referenced before by Dr. George Cahill really inspired me to go in this direction. And when I first read this study I actually had to call him. He was alive at the time, This is prior to about 2008 or nine, and I asked him for some of the details of this study which was pretty remarkable. And there were some other things that he did, maybe some of it not published, but it was something that could probably not be reproduced today where they fasted subjects for 40 days. And prior to 1967 when this was published, it was, most people were under the impression that glucose was the exclusive fuel for the brain. There was some people looking at lactate and amino acids, but as a primary brain fuel, it was thought that largely 100% of your energy metabolism needed to be derived from glucose. And that's true in a fed state. If you're eating a normal diet, roughly 100% of your brain energy metabolism is coming from glucose. So but after about a week to 10 days you could see that the level of beta-hydroxybutyrate and another ketones like acetoacetate are also elevated. After about 10 days, ketone, the body beta-hydroxybutyrate becomes the primary substrate for brain energy metabolism. And he looked at the AB difference in these subjects over the 40-minute time point. And you could see glucose does not go into severe hypoglycemic ranges, right, because we have very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain our blood glucose. There's gluconeogenesis from gluconeogenetic acids. The glycerol backbone of triglycerides becomes a source for glucose over time. So in an extension of this study that was not actually published in the original work, but is found elsewhere, they injected these fasting subjects with 20 IUs of insulin which if you're on a normal diet and your glucose is suppressed with an insulin administration down to hypoglycemic levels, severe hypoglycemic levels, so I teach the medical students and we teach that if you're under two millimolar, you typically go into a coma, and you're not, and one, you're basically approaching death. So these subjects experienced severe hypoglycemia in a fasting state with insulin. And so just as reference that would be around down here, the level of glucose. And they were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia. after reading this and talking with Dr. Cahill, I realized that this had profound implications for safety and also for performance. We know when your blood glucose dips, your cognitive and physical performance also dips. So I became increasingly fascinated with how to employ this approach in my studies. So historically there are really about two ways that we can sort of induce therapeutic ketosis. There's starvation. No one wants to do that. There's calorie restriction and you can only maintain that over a certain period of time. And there's things like intermittent fasting too that have been more popular recently. There's also the ketogenic diet. And there's a lot of discussion as to what is the optimal ketogenic diet to maximize the therapeutic effects of nutritional ketosis. So the diet that we pretty much employ, that I use myself and that we use in our studies, is about 20% protein and 70% fat. And a lot of people ask me, it's like well, will this kick me out of ketosis if my macros are this or that? And you know, my response is just measure. You know, use a commercially-available tool to determine if your particular, so a ketogenic diet is defined, it's the only diet that's defined by an objective biomarker that we can measure, our urine or blood ketones. And that makes it kinda unique thing from a scientific perspective. So the ketogenic diet is maybe not difficult for you all to adhere to. But for the large majority of the population, it is difficult to sustain day in and day out. You need to consistently decrease liver glycogen and maintain that decrease in liver glycogen, and suppression of insulin signaling to drive hepatic gluconeogenesis. A small carbohydrate meal can quickly kick you out of nutritional ketosis. And if you are trying to mitigate or prevent seizures, that can trigger a seizure. So more recently, over the last 10 years or so, there are various things that can be employed that can induce nutritional ketosis and circumvent the dietary restriction that's typically associated with getting into therapeutic ketosis. And we know that ketones are viewed as an alternative form of energy. So when it comes to, you know, the most potent ketogenic agents, I would say ketone esters can put your ketone levels pretty much wherever you want them to be. And that could be different depending on whether you're using it for seizures, performance enhancement, or whatever your approach would be. So we know that ketones are an alternative fuel for the brain and the heart and other tissues like the muscles. And more recently, over the last five to 10 years, we understand that they're very powerful signaling molecules from the perspective of a neuroscientist. This is one of the graphs that I frequently show and kinda walk through it. In the interest of time, I'm not gonna walk you through this, but we are interested in things like adenosine as functioning. Adenosine way up with a ketogenic diet in tissues and in the blood. And also the GABA to glutamate ratio is increased. So glutamate's a hyper-excitatory neurotransmitter, and GABA is more of an inhibitory neurotransmitter, and glutamic acid decarboxylase is an enzyme that converts that, that makes that conversion. So the ketogenic diet and more recently exogenous ketones have been shown to increase the enzymatic conversion of glutamate to GABA. So that's an area that we're focusing on now. And we heard recently that, in the last talks, that beta-hydroxybutyrate is a histone deacetylase inhibitor. So through protein, through acetylation of proteins, that can have tremendous epigenetic effects. Now we're studying a disorder called Kabuki syndrome and we think there was some work done at Johns Hopkins and we're transferring the Kabuki syndrome mouse. And their observations demonstrated that the epigenetic therapy employed with a diet or a ketone supplement actually saved the Kabuki phenotype in regards to it prevented the neuronal degeneration in the hippocampus. So we want to validate sort of some of the exogenous ketones that we're studying in the lab right now. We know that the NLRP3 inflammasone is suppressed by beta-hydroxybutyrate. So that has wide-ranging implications on a wide variety of diseases. And there's a number of ketogenic, or ketone receptors to beta-hydroxybutyrate. And more recently, acetoacetate has been shown to be a receptor to that. So as you can imagine, there is an emerging number of applications to therapeutic or nutritional ketosis. Nutritional ketosis can be employed in different ways through dietary means and through exogenous ketone supplements in the form of ketone salts, ketone esters or medium-chain triglycerides. When I first started studying the ketogenic diet in 2008 or nine, 2008 I believe, the only therapy that it was really validated for was pediatric epilepsy. And over last 10 years you can just look at PubMed and see the explosion of research on nutritional ketosis and ketones. So I put, you know, two categories here of strong evidence and emerging evidence. We know we've had historic data that low-carb diets, ketogenic diets can promote weight loss and the maintenance of that weight loss. And I think that's the most, that's the key factor, right? It's pretty easy to lose weight, but it's more difficult to maintain that weight loss. At least the people here, you know, are under the impression through their research that you can maintain that weight loss. Type II diabetes did not really, there wasn't a whole lot of research on this about 10 years ago. Over the last 10 years, through a number of studies, some of them funded by Virta Health, very compelling data that type II diabetes and I know we'll hear more about that in the upcoming talks are very, people with type II diabetes are very responsive to low-carbohydrate diets and ketogenic diets. And inborn errors of metabolism, including pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency complex, the ketogenic diet is actually the frontline of therapy for that. For epilepsy, it's sort of the fallback therapy for drug-refractory or drug-resistant epilepsy. It's not to the point now where it's frontline therapy. But for things like pyruvate hydrogenase deficiency syndrome it is the frontline therapy. So for type I diabetes, I know my student, Andrew Koutnik, may argue. He has a poster on the use of carbohydrate-restricted diet for type I diabetes that you might wanna go to. There's emerging evidence and maybe strong evidence that type I diabetes can be managed. There's far, far less variability in your glucose and a far, a huge decrease in the dependence of insulin to manage type I diabetes with nutritional ketosis. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, things like polycystic ovary syndrome, brain tumors in cancer, my research associate, Dr. Angela Poff, will be presenting on that tomorrow. There's a number of applications. And when it comes to neurological applications, we study glucose transporter type I deficiency syndrome. Again, this is a neurological disorder that is highly responsive to the ketogenic diet. If a kid has glucose transporter type I deficiency syndrome, they really need to be on a ketogenic diet for quality of life and to just maintain, to be able to function. So it's a very powerful approach. And in some cases it's very difficult for that child to employ the ketogenic diet and to stay with it. So that's why it's some of the things that we're doing, developing technologies that can induce therapeutic ketosis and circumvent that dietary restriction that not all people can follow is important for that community. Dravet syndrome, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, of course, epilepsy, adult epilepsy, the ketogenic diet was really only sort of embraced for adult epilepsy not until about 2008 or 10. And they use a modified ketogenic diet approach. So when it comes to emerging evidence and applications, we're gonna hear about Alzheimer's disease, autism. Angelman syndrome is something that we study. We study the Angelman syndrome mouse model and have moved to actually a clinical trial for Angelman syndrome right now using ketogenic supplements. Kabuki syndrome is another project that we are just starting up right now. Because of lack of space, I put anxiety on there, but anxiety is also something that adults with Kabuki syndrome experience anxiety. We have a number of publications to show that anxiety behavior goes down in a state of nutritional ketosis. So that's another emerging application. I don't really have time to talk about it today, but, and that may be due to a lowering of glutamate and an elevation of GABA which is more of an inhibitory brain-stabilizing hormone. Neurotrauma, traumatic brain injury. With traumatic brain injury you have glucose impairment or impairment of glucose utilization that can be detected by an FDG-PET scan for example. And about 80 to 90% of people with penetrating traumatic brain injury have a seizure. So it makes sense that if you've had a concussion and if you've had, if our war fighters are coming home with traumatic brain injury, we think it's very important for them to employ nutritional ketosis at the very least to prevent the seizures that are very common with penetrating traumatic brain injury. So the last two things I wanna focus on and they relate more from an operational standpoint from the war fighter or maybe even the astronaut, we're gonna look at anesthesia resistance and the employment of nutritional ketosis or therapeutic ketosis for And this is work that we did back, it was published back in 2013. We started these studies in 2009 or 10 and it took a while to sort of vet out and find the ketogenic agent that was most neuroprotective in this regard. And we tested a number of different things when we did this. But under normal baseline conditions, if we expose a rat to five atmospheres of oxygen, which is equivalent to 132 feet of seawater, that produces these tonic-clonic seizures within about five to 10 minutes. And the therapeutic range of ketosis that we need to get to is anywhere between two to five millimolar at least with a ketone ester. And there needs to be an elevation of not only beta-hydroxybutyrate, but also an elevation of acetoacetate. So we used agents that elevate beta-hydroxybutyrate exclusively, and we did not have anti-seizure effects of these agents. So we used a ketone ester that elevates beta-hydroxybutyrate more or less in a one-to-one ratio. So after about 10 minutes, rodent models usually have a seizure, mice and rats in about five to 10 minutes at five atmospheres of oxygen. If they are given, acutely given a ketone ester, meaning they're eating a high-carbohydrate standard rodent chow, and we administer a ketone ester orally, and then we dive the rat in the hyperbaric chamber, we typically see resistance up to 60 minutes. So in our study that we published there was a 575% increase in the latency to seizure. And that's above and beyond any anticonvulsant that I know of. By GABA training at very high levels gives you about 400% anticonvulsant effect. So we're giving a metabolic substrate that has a greater anti-seizure neuroprotective effect than any anticonvulsant experimental or FDA-approved that we know of. So this was sort of our first study that we did. And now we're doing a number of studies looking at a half dozen different agents and combinations of things and looking at specifically CNS oxygen toxicity. More recently we made the observation that in studying the glucose transporter deficiency mice these mice go down very fast with anesthesia because their brains are very, they're kind of on the edge, right? Because they're already, they're very hypoglycemic, The CSF of glucose is about two, maybe 2.5 millimolar glucose. So their brains are kind of starved for energy as is. And we noticed that they go down very fast with anesthesia. But if they're in a state with either the ketogenic diet, a ketone ester or a ketone salt, that the latency to their anesthetic induction which is the point where they fall over and they're immobile was greatly increased. So our lab was doing, my wife was doing a lot of these experiments, and members of our lab really observed that these mice were much more resilient to anesthesia. So it became, this weird observation actually became a study in and of itself in a recent publication. So we validated this. It made sense in the glucose transporter deficiency mice, but we also did studies using normal healthy Sprague Dawley rats and we observed that a ketogenic diet and to a lesser extent ketone supplements delayed the anesthetic effect of isoflurane which is an anesthesia that we use very commonly in our rodent models. And also a rat model, the WAG/Rij rat model, that our collaborator uses in Budapest, is a rat model for absence seizures. We observed also a pretty profound delay in the latency of seizure with a ketone ester. So one of the big projects we're sort of spearheading right now is to look at the effects of nitrogen narcosis and CO2 narcosis. So if you work with animals, CO2 anesthesia or CO2 narcosis is what you use to put the animal down before you kind of study him. And also nitrogen narcosis is experienced by divers. If you're breathing air, for example, with standard scuba and you go down to 150 feet, you will experience what's called the Martini effect. So you'll basically be drunk from nitrogen. So the anesthetic potency of a gas is proportional to its lipid solubility. Halothane or isoflurane is very lipid soluble. So it has a very potent anesthetic effect. Nitrogen's not very lipid soluble. But at high-pressure, it becomes a pretty potent narcotic agent. And CO2 is also a very potent narcotic agent. So this is relevant to an operational setting also because CO2 is a big problem. It's a big operational problem we could say. So outdoor right now, we're breathing anywhere between, depending on if you're inside a car without the ventilation on or you have a motorcycle helmet on, the levels can get higher, but typically it's about 350 to 400 parts per million or 450 parts per million of CO2. So the OSHA limits is about 1,000 parts per minute. So that's, they determine that's sort of like the safety limit. And then if you're above that, then you start to experience general drowsiness. And if you're above say 2,500 parts per million, you start to get adverse health effects. So I've been, you know, involved in a number of animal studies where we look at things like the immune system. We look at the brain activity. We look at the gut, the tight junctions of the gut. If you're above 3,000 parts per million, it starts to break the tight junctions of the gut and makes you have a leaky gut. So these are some of things that sort of caught my interest to put more attention into CO2. And also from, if I can get this slide to advance, so in the context of an operational setting, World War II subs really approach levels in some cases up the 4%. And that could be 10 or 20,000 parts per million. So they were exposed. Today's submarines are actually somewhere around 3,000 parts per million and they're trying to bring that down. In the case of a disabled submarine, the levels of CO2 can get very high and that can have a very potent narcotic and even deadly effects. So many of the scenarios where people die in these operational environments whether it's a spaceship, you know, Apollo 13, they had the CO2 problem, or in a submarine setting, CO2 really is one the biggest problems. So it's really important to understand it, and also to mitigate it. So on the International Space Station they experience a level of CO2 that's about 10 to 20 times higher than the level of CO2 we're breathing right now. And that's also very similar to the NASA analog that I was involved in, the NEEMO mission. So during the NEEMO mission, I periodically took pictures of the CO2 monitoring system. At one point it was 1.27 and actually got up to 2% oxygen which was about 20,000 parts per million. So this is way above the safety levels. You know it on ISS they're living there for months. But in this space analog we were there for 10 days. I measured it myself, you know, a lot of urine, blood, and saliva measurements to look at how this was affecting my physiology. We also measured things like sleep and heart rate variability that we still have to analyze. So we think that this is an important problem. It's important to employ, we believe, studying it first at a basic science level, and also a whole animal model level to determine practical implementation of counter measures, and also monitoring. So when it comes to the ketogenic diet here's an example of a meal that I ate. You know on the NEEMO mission actually this meal, I would either put coconut oil or MCT Oil and a can of chicken and I had macadamia nuts. So the idea you can't really get a lot of fresh fruits or vegetables in this environment, so you have to kind of, your strategy needs to be pretty much canned food. And this is a meal that I had last week and it was a pizza that's on the market now. I see an explosion of different foods that are low-carb foods or even ketogenic foods. And a salad and cookies that my actual, one of my students made that are ketogenic. So a variety of new technologies are helping us to prepare foods that are thought of as comfort foods, but they can have the macronutrient ratios or even ingredients in them that make them ketogenic. So on the NEEMO mission I was actually after an EVA where we go outside the habitat and work in the water, I became mildly hypothermic. And I experienced that because I was shaking when I got back. We were out in the water for about six hours. My blood glucose measured when I came in 2.3, and my ketone levels were 6.9. So my ketones were then at that point in time, you know by far, the primary fuel for my brain and functioning. During that time I actually took a number of cognitive tests outside in the habitat looking at reaction time and things like that and there was no impairment at that level. Eating on a day-to-day basis, a modified, what I call modified ketogenic diet, which was described by Dr. Finney and Dr. Bullock it brings me to at the end of the day a level of glucose of 3.3 and 3.3 ketone levels which gives you a glucose ketone index of 1.0. And we use that glucose ketone index sort of therapeutically because we know a wide variety of diseases will respond to that from an anti-seizure perspective and also from an anticancer perspective. So there's a number of monitoring technologies that are out there from urine to breath to blood, and also future devices that are being developed that can measure continuously like the glucose measurement, like the Dexcom, potentially beta-hydroxybutyrate, acetoacetate, and lactate. I'm communicating with a few companies who think this technology will be available in the next two or three years. And that could be very useful if you're using the ketogenic diet therapeutically or also from a performance standpoint. So in summary, and I want to kinda go through each one these very fast and to determine or just mention the key questions that each of these things, each of these projects are looking at. So the recent grant that I got funded through the Office of Naval Research is focused on optimizing ketogenic metabolic therapy looking at various ketone technologies whether it be an ester or a salt, or even medium-chain triglycerides to mitigate oxygen toxicity seizures. And we're also looking at various predictors of oxygen toxicity seizures. We're looking at CNS oxygen toxicity in the context of hypercapnia. We know high levels of CO2 increase brain blood flow and oxidative stress. So we wanna understand that. There's a mouse study we're doing right now on Kabuki syndrome. And we're looking at the epigenetic effects of beta-hydroxybutyrate. And also more recently we started the human studies which include the study at Duke University funded by NAVSEA to look at the effects of the ketogenic diet on early biomarkers And we're collecting a lot of data, five IRBs worth of data on the NASA NEEMO missions, including 22, which I was on 23, is coming up and next month it's going to be SEALAB or SEATEST V mission. In each of those missions we'll have six people. And as we collect data, we'll understand what this extreme environment does to a wide variety of biomarkers and potentially how a ketogenic intervention can help enhance our safety and resilience in those environments. So I wanna thank you for your attention. And I'll be here for questions after. Although I don't really have time, one last slide that I wanted to quickly show because I get this a lot, how do exogenous ketones impact the glucose levels? So we've shown in mice, rats, and humans that acute administration of exogenous ketones in the form of ketone salts, ketone esters, and even medium-chain triglycerides lower blood glucose profoundly. And I think that may be, I didn't get to talk about it, but that may be one of the most important sort of therapeutic effects of exogenous ketones. Thank you. (audience applauds)

  Top Comments:
  1. @optimizewithscience8883 [8 likes]: Great Talk! You can really tell that Dominic is a scientist who knows his stuff. Would love to talk to him at a conference sometime.
  2. @warrenlynam [7 likes]: Powerful presentation
  3. @johncave6992 [5 likes]: Great presentation. Very interesting.
  4. @BrainsandGainsPodcast [3 likes]: Recent interview with Dom on my channel if you're interested to see :)
  5. @Paradys8 [2 likes]: Great video.  So WHAT EXACTLY one should eat on ketone diet?!?🤔
  6. @DA-uz8qb: I'd be so excited to see commercially available continuous ketone monitors available. What a game changer this would be for the N=1 empowerment of the individual. Has anyone tried the SiBio product to measure ketones in real-time?
  7. @carolinepandian8630: My Herpes virus infection came to an end after using the natural herbs medication I ordered from Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel and I’m very grateful to have come across his YouTube channel.
  8. @maikanoibrahim5565: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  9. @phantomofoaktown: if this is sponsored by D.O.D. wouldn't that mean that this diet is geared to kill me?

- Stephen Cunnane - Can Ketones Slow Down Alzheimer’s?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this lecture is being brought to you in part by the generous gifts of these sponsors Thank You Bonnie and thank you all wow what a crowd this is really a pleasure and an honor to come here and speak to you tonight met Ken for a couple of years ago and I greatly respect his personal story and also the type of work that you're doing here at IHMC so it's a pleasure to come here and talk to you a little bit about what we're trying to do in this important field and I'm sure that many of you by the color of your hair are thinking quite seriously about this question that that's on the screen so let me start by saying that this is what the view from my living room window is like it's not quite Florida but it's cold up there now and it's a wonderful place to do winter sports if that's your thing let me show you where we are in relation to you I chose this form of projection of the map of North America so Canada would look even bigger then but it's mostly empty up here and I don't know what the distance is exactly but we're up here north of Boston about four hour drive north of Boston out a little east of Montreal so that's where Sherbrooke is and and who would want to go to Sherbrooke out in this sort of countryside a bit like Ocala in relation to Orlando I imagine it's because they do very good imaging research in Sherbrooke and because they have an excellent Research Center on Aging and my personal life brought me back into Quebec where I actually grew up but the first part of my career wasn't there I want to start by making my disclosures we have funding from the public sector government agencies like the Alzheimer's Association here in the USA and Canadian agencies of various sorts and the private sector funding as well which has helped us do some of the work we're doing so I've got lots of conflicts of interest I think we all have conflicts of interest we all have commitments and beliefs in certain ideas and I hope that my support from these organisations is not colored the way we see this story I think every story needs a beginning and I think it's important to start with some of the pioneers in this field John Freeman died recently has anyone heard of John Freeman so John Freeman as I may have mentioned here was responsible in a big way for reviving the ketogenic diet for intractable epilepsy particularly in children George Cahill also was a pioneer in this field and died recently as well he was the one that really put ketones on the map because they'd known for a long time that something was helping run the brain besides glucose but no one really knew what it was until the late 60s when he did some fairly radical experiments that we probably wouldn't be able to do today but we've done them and we've benefited a lot from the work that they did I don't know when but Veatch was born but he's still alive and he's doing some excellent work on this area as well he was a student of hands krebs from the krebs cycle part of part of the the cellular machinery that generates energy and so he's an important player and has been a very active and vocal in this area and helping give ketones some solid scientific credibility this is a name you might not recognize me a kivi belt oh but she is a pioneer as well she's younger than these old farts that are higher up she's a Finnish lady neurologist and she ran the finger trial so if you google finger or finger trial would be better because you might learn about other fingers besides this trial you'll find that this is the main in my view and I'm going to finish the talk referring to this trial I think it's the most impressive prevention type trial to slow down cognitive decline in older people it's not on Alzheimer's disease but it shows that a concerted multi-pronged approach to prevention can be beneficial and I'd like that's my take-home message and we'll come to that towards the end so let's look at the brain and it's this story is about brain energy metabolism it's about brain fuel and this is a simple cartoon to try and give you an impression that the brain is kind of like a hybrid car the brain is running not on electricity and gasoline but on glucose and ketones and it's keeping that process running properly that is a challenge as we get older it's a challenge to get the main fuel which is by far glucose into the brain and it's a challenge making the switch because if you're in good health then your body is making that switch all the time but people who are at risk of Alzheimer's because of type-2 diabetes insulin is a bad guy in that situation an insulin is blocking part of this process a point that I hope to get to as well so try and keep in mind that what we're talking about is fuel and we're talking about a hybrid brain that's running on these two fuels I'm not a chemist but I'm gonna have to show you just a little bit of chemistry very simple to identify these molecules when we talk about ketones we're talking about ketone bodies which is the old term shorten it to ketones that are generally dry not exclusively but generally are coming from our dietary fats or our stored fats and the first one that the body makes when they are being produced primarily in the liver is this molecule call acetoacetate and it is in this two-way arrow means that it's in a balance with the one you can measure with these finger prick tests that you can do with certain devices and this is beta-hydroxybutyrate just a small chemical difference between the two and there's some degradation of acetoacetate to acetone which is the same molecule as a nail-polish remover your body's actually producing the same molecule and in relatively high concentrations about the same concentration so this is not a negligible product so these are the main ketones there are some others that that but they're not really relevant to our story so what I want to do is give you three for me guiding principles around ketone biology in the brain the first one is this thing that I call a push-pull story because there are two strategies to get energy into the brain this tube here on the left is the blood and this rectangle on the right represents the brain and this little stick person here in the middle is pulling glucose into the brain it's the pole part and and why is it working that way it's because that he's activated or she is activated by the fact that glucose will go down when that cell is done something it's talking to its neighbor and so when the glucose goes down in the blood the transporter is activated and a molecule or several molecules of glucose are pulled into the brain if this cell is not very active then this process doesn't happen and that's normal that's fine but it's the opposite to what happens with ketones ketones don't care how busy this cell is when the ketones go up in the blood they are pushed into the brain they are the backup fuel for brain and that's an important mechanism because if glucose starts to go down because you've been fasting you may have been sick for a few days or something like this there's less glucose available to do this ketones will start to go up and they need to get into the brain quickly so they don't hang around for a signal from the brain they are pushed in right away and so they're the two fuels are quite differently managed in the body and and the advantage for us is that we can provide more ketones and we can be pretty sure they're gonna get in to the brain at least into the normal brain we'll come to the Alzheimer brain in a minute the problem of partly to is related to glucose no I'll leave that point to later so that that's the first point there are two strategies we have two major fuels in the brain and there are two very distinct ways on which they get into the brain one gets pushed in and the other gets pulled in the second point is that this is a concocted image actually of a fetus with that's actually a human brain that's been projected into the head of this infant but I think it's a dramatic image to remind me to tell you that ketones are helping run the infant brain all the time they're not the only fuel that goes into the brain but the infant's brain is very large compared to its body as you can see from this image much larger than ours as adults and this brain absolutely depends on ketones day-in day-out it's not a question of being sick and there's not enough glucose and Oh ho-hum we'll use some ketones it's it's an essential part of that baby's growth and development every single day and where do the ketones come from a little bit from the fat and this is a pretty skinny baby but mostly from what source do you do you know what source where the babies get ketones from from the milk from the medium chain fatty acids in the milk and there's lots of medium chain fatty acids in the milk so when we talk about potentially using ketones to rescue brain function in older people what we're trying to do is basically recapitulate the situation in a normal healthy baby this is not a baby that has a disease or that's been stressed or that's fasting this is it's normal healthy development so we're just trying to recapitulate physiology of the baby in an older person and the third point in this context which make might look a little challenging to understand at first is that ketones are the brain's preferred fuel and I underlined it because that's what I'm really mean they're not the main fuel in the brain but they are the preferred fuel how do we know that if we put people into nutritional ketosis so if you start taking a ketogenic diet today four days later we did these analyses and we showed this this term down here means this x-axis means that it's the change in ketone uptake by the brain the Delta means the change and your numbers have all got a plus on them so they've gone up from what they were before the ketogenic diet to afterwards and this is called an inverse relationship which means when this number goes up this numbers going down it goes from minus minus five down to about minus ten so the glucose is here on the y axis and the glucose uptake goes down in direct relation to the amount of ketones that are available that might seem counterintuitive but in fact the brain only needs so much energy and if it's got a choice between ketones and glucose in a young healthy adults it's going to choose the ketones and hold back on the glucose so we want to exploit that and that means you conserving the glucose for other things that glucose can do besides simply fuel the brain so this is an important concept there's not a lot of ketones in the blood we can push that up but when they are available they're actually the preferred fuel and I'm going to come back to this point at the end because it has relevance to to Alzheimer's so let's talk about this story of brain fuel in Alzheimer's disease what is the problem these are called pet images PET scans and the control brain looks typically like this where you have the areas that are really using a lot of glucose or on the red to orange color and the areas that are not using any are in the blue so it's a rainbow of colors the blue areas are blue because those are the ventricles they contain liquid they don't contain any cells so they don't use any glucose so that's a normal PET scan the problem we've known about for nearly 40 years now since the dawn of PET scans in the late 70s is that to areas where these arrows are which are called the parietal lobes over the ears are not using glucose very effectively so we call this brain glucose hypo metabolism hypo meaning lower than normal this is a signature of Alzheimer's disease it's not a diagnostic tool but it's almost always observed so the question is how the cells died there and they're not using glucose or there are the cells actually alive but they're not able to get or utilize the glucose very effectively is it the cart or is it the horse obviously if they died then the ability to use glucose has got to go down so we started to look at this and our concept is that the brain energy deficit precedes the cognitive decline in people that don't have Alzheimer's but are at increased risk of Alzheimer's the yellow box refers to these people who are at increased risk who have lower brain glucose uptake it's called latent pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism that's an earful it's latent because it's very low key it pre-symptomatic because there's no cognitive symptoms in these individuals no symptoms of cognitive deficit who are they older people me me included lower brain glucose uptake people with insulin resistance it's not just older people I'll show you an example people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease people that are carriers of what's called the e4 allele of April lipoprotein II and the priests million carriers who are the by far at the highest risk they are basically guaranteed to get Alzheimer's because of the mutation they have in each case these are people that have been studied before they have any cognitive symptoms and guess what they all have this pattern of glucose hyper metabolism it varies from one of these conditions to the other but they all have a problem with energy before they get to the disease so let's put this into context they've got some problem with glucose weakens our concept it's our concept this is helping contribute to the problems in the brain the deterioration of the synapses because the brain is running on 10 to 15 percent less fuel and it should be getting it's like trying to run your car on three cylinders instead of four it's not gonna work very well and this in turn leads to the cognitive decline and eventually some of those cells are gonna die and the glucose uptake is going to go down and we develop a vicious cycle of brain energy exhaustion and progression of the disease now this is just an idea it's a concept and if I go to the Alzheimer Congress as I did last summer there's almost nobody who's going to agree with this so you can put a concept up before people or you can test it and one thing you can do is test what is happening to other fuels like ketones if those cells are dead they won't be able to use ketones right so let's look at that idea again either the brain cell is not able to use glucose or it's dying so this is my imaginary brain cell both situations have low glucose uptake but if the cell is dying it won't be able to use ketones either would you agree if it's starving we'd be able to see it should be able to use ketones if you are hungry and your body will be using ketones in your brain a person can starve for over 30 days and the brain will be running predominantly on ketones so the fact that you've been starving was not going to prevent the brain from using ketones that's for sure so if you've got a PET scanner for the glucose studies this part of it you need to be able to do the same measurements with ketones and that's what we developed in our Center in in Sherbrooke so we looked at these types of scans and we compared them in people that are we're at risk of Alzheimer's or with Alzheimer's disease and then we compared them to the ketones and this is an overview of the results we saw so brain glucose and ketone uptake in Alzheimer's disease and in mild cognitive impairment so mild cognitive impairment is MCI and Alzheimer's is abbreviated as ad do you see a difference in the colors from the top to the middle to the bottom maybe the people in the front shout out what you see do you see more green at the bottom or more red there's more green at the bottom and what does this scale show you maybe you don't see the scale very well but green is towards the bottom of the scale and red is towards the top so that means that the Alzheimer brain is using less glucose okay we're not the first people to show that so I showed you a slide of that earlier it was a cross-section of the brain this is a what we call a surface projection but this is confirming that our PET scans and our people with Alzheimer's unfortunately have what you would expect to see a problem getting glucose into the brain so what do you see on this other side it's the ketone story there's green here but there's a little less green here a bit of yellow and these are even a bit of orange and perhaps a reddish color at the bottom that means that the Alzheimer brain is actually taking up ketones better than the control brain and these are age-matched individuals men and women so there's no problem getting ketones into the brain and there is a problem getting glucose into the brain now these people were not on a ketogenic diet they weren't on a ketogenic supplement they weren't on a ketone salt or any of the ways you can supplement your ketone they weren't fasting so the question became well let's just summarize that result first of all to come back to our example if the cell was dying then the ketone uptake would not be normal but it is so we can initially at least eliminate this question of is the brain cell dying is the glucose uptake problem due to the cell being dead no because ketones are getting in normally so this gives us a chance to explore a therapeutic effect of ketones the question then for us was can the Alzheimer brain use more ketones when they're available in larger amounts because if we go back quickly to this image this is under normal circumstances your brain is using one two maybe three percent of its energy is coming from ketones this is very low levels if we're trying to correct this problem with glucose which is on the order of 15 to 20 percent we're getting being able to get more we need to get more ketones into the brain and this slide shows in a kind of a graphical way that when you raise plasma ketones in people with Alzheimer's disease plasma ketones have gone up from 0.4 to 0.8 on our treatment the brain ketone uptake is shown on the y-axis and this faint dotted line in the background is our healthy young controls this is the relationship that would be the ideal situation and where do these two lines fit this is called the pre point that means before they've started a ketogenic supplement the post is after they started the ketogenic supplement we've only got data for seven in one of our medium-chain triglyceride supplements and eleven for the other but these two lines are stuck to the to the reference line so the bottom line is that when you provide more ketones to the Alzheimer brain it can use them which is neat this is this is what it's all about for us if that line wandered off here somewhere it would suggest that you you raise those ketones like crazy in the blood but the brains not able to use them so far so good let's look at what happens before you get Alzheimer's disease that's the condition called mild cognitive impairment and looking at people that have been on a 30 gram per day medium chain triglyceride supplement this time for six months so this is a study that we not only had a long relatively long period of time we also had a placebo involved because now we're getting to think that we've got a chance to do something interesting here we've got to do this right we've got to compare it to a placebo there's quite a placebo effect in treating people with memory deficits and and cognitive problems as they get older when we look at the brain what's happening to the ketone uptake it's similar whether they're on the placebo or on the end before they start pre is before they start the placebo or the MCT treatment doesn't change after they took the placebo the two blue bars are obviously the same but it's doubled on the MCT so this again shows that the mild cognitive obviously if people with Alzheimer's can use ketones normally we would have expected this to be the case in an MCI and mild cognitive impairment and and we have these data and we've got twice as many people there's 19 people per group so our data are a little more robust right now and if we come back to that slope line we've collected a lot of data over the years now not all of it being ours in fact some of these data out here at very high plasma ketones were people who were starving for 60 days these are published results they all survived by the way they were in medically supervised weight loss fasting for weight loss but the point is the relationship between the plasma ketones and the brain ketones follows this line whether you've got very low levels of ketones or very high levels it's a very straight line it never seems to hit the ceiling the capacity of the brain to take extract ketones from the blood it's phenomenal and our mci are exactly on the same slope the line is offset the blue line is offset a little bit because we measure acetoacetate and these are our measures of beta-hydroxybutyrate and the uptake is not identical in the brain but what matters is the slope is the same so it shows that if the issue is to get a little more in all we need to do is raise the plasma level a little bit more and that's was a very encouraging result for us to see so let's say you are working for the regulatory agencies what's the regulatory agency here in the US called the FDA and you've got a new ketone product that you would like to be able to get approved for cognitive issues pretend you're wearing you you've got responsibility to FDA for making this decision so I think the question you're going to ask is who cares about whether ketones are getting into the brain that's not the bottom line the bottom line is well I care too but the bottom line is does it solve a memory problem or not correct that that's my point I'm being a little bit facetious and so what we need to do is look at some of these tests that people do and maybe this is not as big as as it should be but there are tests of what's called episodic memory there are tests of executive function processing speed working memory attention and so on language and we've administered this battery of tests in the study that I just referred to and the results generally speaking look like this the MCT being the active treatment and an upward facing arrow is a positive outcome the yellow is a negative outcome and there are some positive modest positive effects even in the placebo group so we've done an important battery of tests and we've looked at people with MCI six months on the MCT and we're seeing some trends that are interesting if the next and critical step is to you probably can't see it at the bottom unless you're up at the front here but the next step is to expand the sample size because I showed you the results for 19 people well 19 people in the placebo group and 19 people that complete this study in fact we recruited 54 people that's a $750,000 study to do over three years that's a lot of money and we appreciate the investment but all we could study was 19 people that actually finished the treatment so these are trends some of which are significant with the with the bigger fatter arrows but a neurocognitive specialist would look at data and say well you've got a statistical difference with 19 people but it's not enough so we're going to try to do a larger study now and this is called a proof of principle study we've got some very encouraging results but they're not definitive that's not going to stop any of you that wish to using MCT at home if you choose to they're approved by the FDA and our FDA in Canada is called Health Canada you can buy them as I'm sure many of you know off the internet or at your local health food shop and you can experiment with them safely and with some hope that you might see some beneficial effect I'm not selling any product here but I'm telling you that this is enough - you could wait five more years some of you might not have five years to wait so you've got nothing much to lose to give this a try another thing that you're going to do as as the FDA representative handling this file is to say who else has done work in this area who else has found something interesting they call it external validity is there something weird going on in Sherbrooke Canada that doesn't happen anywhere else well it's a fair question so has anyone else seen the same beneficial effective key tones on memory in older people and the answer is yes the ketogenic diet has been used in a couple of studies Robert Krekorian used it and published the data in not in 2012 in a randomized controlled trial I think he finished with 12 or 14 people per group so an even smaller study than ours Russell Swerdlow has a paper that is actually just on on PubMed now I think that was just published with I think it's 15 people no placebo group so it's not a randomized trial it's simply ketogenic diet how many people have tried a ketogenic diet I see maybe 20-30 hands go up so you know that that's the challenge is to change in your lifestyle completely right he had these people stay on it for three months it also took him five years to get 15 people to complete the study so it might be an excellent solution but is it a practical solution we don't know Suzanne craft is doing work on this right now and I haven't seen any progress reports from her group Sam Henderson working for a company called axe Sarah published a paper nearly 10 years ago now which was a randomized control trial as well with a modestly interesting effect of the MCT called caprylic acid or c8 he then tried to reproduce it and and was not successful and we have a work a work in progress so one of the questions is I think that there's it's clear that we can get more ketones into the brain if we try so it could mean that you can get all the ketones into the brain you want to but the effect on memory is not so simple even though we see what you call a straight-line relationship with some cognitive scores so it could be that you might get some improvement but it's never going to get much better or it could be that it depends on how much ketones you get in how men out of ketones did you get in the dose in other words of your ketogenic product so I've got a little bar graph to show you that gives a little bit of an idea of what what I mean in the sense that over here on the left are cognitively normal young people and the the dotted line here at the top is 100% so what is their brain running on it's running 97% on glucose and 3% on ketones approximately you're cognitively normal older person is whoops got a 7% deficit here not in ketone uptake but if glucose levels have gone down the uptake of glucose has gone down by 7% it's still cognitively normal the person with mild cognitive impairment not taking any supplement it's gone down a little further eight nine percent ketone uptakes still normal the person with mild cognitive impairment like in our six months study taking 30 grams a day whoops we've got more ketones we've increased the yellow bar quite significantly but we've still got a deficit 30 grams a day does not replace the glucose that's not getting into the brain so over here on the right we've calculated that we think it would take at least 45 grams a day in order to meet the brain's energy requirements and bring it back in terms of energy to that of a younger adult so that is the brain energy gap the young person doesn't have a brain energy gap but as we get older we all have a brain energy gap and some of us can fill that gap with ketones if we take a ketogenic product so that's the work we've done with Alzheimer's disease and with mild cognitive impairment we're still at what you would call the proof of principle stage and we're pretty encouraged but we've got a long way to go still one of the things that's important to think about is to come back to this balance and I was about to tell you at the beginning about insulin and I decided to wait until till now because one of the main factors for Alzheimer's disease as we get older is type 2 diabetes and what is type 2 diabetes basically to boil it down it's because we're not very active and it's because insulin is not doing its job very well insulin is trying to get glucose out of the blood but it's not able to because you've eating every day and a fair amount of refined sugar and insulin is trying and trying but it's getting tired and it's not working and it's there and in pancreas is pumping out more but it's not working very well and I mentioned in one of my my conceptual vicious cycle slide that people with insulin resistance have got a problem getting glucose into the brain well the problem with insulin is that it screws up the glucose entry into the brain but it also prevents the ketones from getting into the brain prevents the body the body's fat tissue from releasing the fatty acids that are used to make ketones now you've probably confused medium-chain triglyceride that you take as a supplement is going to make ketones and insulins not involved but if you fast or if you're on a ketogenic diet the ketones are coming from your fat stores and insulin is blocking that so basically insulin puts the brain in double jeopardy because it's two main fuels are now not getting in properly well insulin resistance is not just something that happens in older people here's an example of young women 24 years old with a form of insulin resistance due to polycystic ovary syndrome they're 24 years old and these patterns of color here are the areas where the brain is not using glucose properly one of them is this big red area which is the frontal cortex where they have at least a 10% deficit the green and blue are the temporal and parietal cortex parts of them where there's about a 10% deficit as well this is strikingly like what you see in someone 65 years old but they're 24 years old and so insulin resistance is not just a function of aging it's affecting the way in the brain is using fuel independently of age so we've got to try and reduce in some resistance if you think prevention you've got to take care of insulin resistance you've got to make insulin work better and one of the approaches that I think was successful in this regard is the kivi belt oh study that I referred to the title in the paper was a two year multi domain intervention of diet exercise cognitive training and vascular risk monitoring versus control to prevent cognitive decline in at-risk elderly people a randomized control trial so they're at risk but they don't have Alzheimer's disease it's a randomized control trial how do you randomize and what you can randomize but how do you control for diet exercise cognitive training and vascular risk reduction that's a big challenge but it can be done they give them standard of care which is try to eat a better diet versus this is exactly what you should do because telling someone to eat a better diet is gonna go in one ear and out the other if they're in a randomized control trial well you don't want them eating a much better diet because then they're gonna be doing like the active group but this is a very challenging project they had 1,200 people complete this trial 600 on the active arm and 600 on the inactive Ironman just to remind you of what these interventions were physical activity three times a week the cardio badet metabolic risk reduction is basically get the insulin down the cognitive and social stimulation was done together so people were learning how to use computers and people were doing things together socially but cognitively as well playing bridge for instance is Co social and it's cognitive at the same time better nutrition was personalized they made measurements of the vitamin status the omega-3 status and they said well this person needs more omega-3 they get a supplement this person doesn't they don't need to this is a complex approach it worked actually the placebo group improved somewhat but the active group improved even more so this showed 91% of the people that started this study completed it and it's a two-year intervention most of the time the the the the gurus in the field said ah prevention doesn't work and even if it does nobody's gonna do it well that's not true because this shows that it can be done and what we want to do in Sherbrooke is add this red bar at the bottom which you can hardly see but to add a ketogenic supplement because the one thing I think they didn't do is provide a better supply of brain fuel you can reduce insulin resistance which is a great thing to do but that doesn't get more glucose into the brain that problem doesn't seem to go away and the only way I think we're going to get more fuel into people is to get more ketones in and we're gonna call it keto finger we just need 10 million dollars but apart from that we're ready to go where is that we're at the starting line ready to go and you know the neat thing I didn't mention it but the neat thing about physical activity we've done a study of the brain ketone and glucose uptake physical activity in Alzheimer's disease increases brain ketone uptake so if we give them a little MCT or some other ketogenic supplement plus the exercise we have a better chance of getting the ketones in that we will with either one alone and that's part of the recipe this is an essential recipe to to improve your chances of staying cognitively healthy longer in life so I will finish by saying thank you and as the British say if you've been on the London subway the tube mind the gap thank you how do we do Thank You Steven we have time about 15 minutes for some questions so Christy's got a mic back there wait for the mic please dr. Canaan my wife was diagnosed 10 years ago with mild cognitive impairment two years later that diagnosis was upgraded to a D her neurologist or her own access product which as long as it was available seemed to work quite well but six months ago at the trial failed and it's not been available since then we've been using ketone salts started that thirty thirteen grams today we've upgraded it to twenty-six along with four tablespoons of a day of coconut oil and that seems to really be doing the trick if there's something more we should add tell me about it please well congratulations first of all because that sounds like you sounds like you're helping to slow down the progression which is all I was asking in my title is can we slow it down I think you've given us an example that maybe we can I would encourage you ma'am to try and do a little exercise I'm sure you're thinking about that I think it's going to help make those ketones whatever dose you can take it's going to make it more effective try and stay in your social clubs your social activities as much as possible gets that stimulation get the brain cells talking to each other and good luck I don't know who's one of the things I've been looking into is certain things related to anti-aging and as well as good health and one of the things I've read about is the drug metformin which people with pre-diabetes are taking and also it appears that people who do have diabetes that take it may live longer than people who don't take the drug so I'm curious about alternate ways of solving the ad I think you're it's a great idea because what metformin is helping do is make insulin function better helping get rid of some of the glucose that's present if you do a search have you heard of PubMed you know that this is the way people look for scientific articles I was a little alarmed when I looked at when I did a search on Alzheimer's disease in metformin there are some positive results but they're not all positive so I'm not here to be alarmist but I'm not sure that metformin is part of the solution there may be some pharmaceuticals that are going to be helpful and I'm don't want to worry you but I I think you need to talk it through with your physician I'm not here to give personal advice for sure maybe metformin is part of the solution in your case and but maybe not it's something we need to find out I think if you can use exercise it's gonna it's gonna help regularize insulin as well and that's what what we should do as much as possible a few years ago my MC sponsored a talk by dr. Newport I think her name was and she reported on a study she had done it's anecdotal at Vaska she only had one patient and that was her husband and the she started him on some serious doses of medium chain triglycerides with remarkable results and I was just wondering if you know who she is or know of her study and what the update on her husband's status is well I do know marry know Newports moderately well and I'm quite familiar with her the case of her husband and I say it's it's a case report she had a combination at various times of coconut oil or plus or minus in MCT with the ketone ester that was developed by Bud Veatch at the NIH and there was phases when he was on a drug treatment that was under development at the time so I'm not sure what to make of it was coconut oil actually beneficial if coconut oil is beneficial in Alzheimer's disease and I'm not saying it isn't yeah I think each person is going to find out nobody's done a controlled clinical trial so we don't know what we do know is that coconut oil does not change your ketone levels I'm going to repeat that because I'm sure it's gonna surprise some of you but in our experience short-term studies ketones do not go up because the active part that makes the ketones is particularly the 8 carbon fatty acid called caprylic acid c8 and there's only about 5% of coconut oil is c8 roughly so there's no way that it's going to be very active in terms of making ketones that doesn't mean it's not doing anything for the brain and so I the jury's out on that is anyone gonna invest in doing a control clinical trial of coconut oil I hope so but that's that's really the issue because these studies are expensive and until we can really assess them with it against the placebo you don't know yeah my question is then what would you recommend for us as a diet or and whether ketones come in a form of some tablets or how do we get it well in terms of your general diet try to reduce the refined sugar as much as you can take the pressure off insulin go out and walk if you don't like walking swim find some way to be active but well that's as far as trying to keep insulin happy because you're trying to reduce your refined sugar if you still insist on having a piece of chocolate cake at supper go and work it off afterwards by taking a walk there are various ketone supplements and assuming that what's on the label is really what's in them and that's not always the case then gram for gram they're probably pretty similar broadly speaking so if you prefer to take a salt in a packet and put it in your coffee that's fine if you prefer to have it in a liquid in a milkshake and you don't what you want something that's cheaper then you can take an MCT if it's got c8 in it it's going to be ketogenic there are some c8 products out there sorry I I don't know who has the mic but I got a blip from a friend of mine when she found out I was coming here today and she said that on the news the Cleveland Clinic is working on a drug that may reverse Alzheimer's and that it's been successful in animal trials have you heard anything about that No you know there's lots of people working on on animal studies of Alzheimer's disease and there's been a lot of success stories in animal studies of Alzheimer's disease unfortunately almost none of them translate to humans so it's a wait-and-see maybe they've onto the real thing but I don't I don't know what the context is anyway have you come across data on cell cultures here we go looking at neuronal cell cultures exposed to kittens versus other media cultures to see if it improves or Bible or if we prove longevity of those cells or that studies been done we certainly don't do them I don't have the technology to do it I perhaps someone Tom do you know the answer yeah maybe you could take the mic so your question was if ketones are neuroprotective yes under conditions especially where there's glucose deprivation the administration are adding ketones to a petri dish with cultured neurons will save will have a very nerve protective in that context and regeneration too recently we've shown some studies where there's an enhancement of regeneration which is the neural sprouting and the axons actually growing out of neurons my question is what do you look for in a supplement that you know shows that it's a quality supplement and huh that's a challenge because there are fraudulent products out there and even if the company genuinely believes that that what's in the bottle is what's on the label they may not always be right so what do you look for I mean you can pay I'm sure some independent laboratory to do the analysis but in the end some supplements are not going to contain the active ingredients that you're hoping are there or in the amounts that they claim and and that's that's the state of the art don't put all your energy and money into supplements you can walk the cognitive stimulation improve the diet as well it's not a way it's there's no miracles in this business so there's no single supplement or even a whole pile of supplements that are going to be the solution by themselves in a planned diet that we subscribe to it is considerably inclusive of fruit now does fruit in the sense of production of glucose or sugar or whatever is is fruit within the refined category or is it detrimental by having a diet of fruit well fruit kind of sits on the fence and I mean there's nothing wrong with eating an apple or a banana or as much as you want of them but if the fruit comes in a can or you know it's in some way modified chances are there's additional liquid or fructose around as well so you got to use your best judgment and eat some fruit okay if it's just right but you don't you need to eat fruit for the vitamins for instance or the minerals you ketogenic diet has very little fruit in it and you can get the vitamins and minerals particularly from from vegetables leafy vegetables in focus so if your goal is to get the vitamin content you can do it out the fruit if you like the fruit if you like blueberries I mean go for it thank you okay are there any negative effects of taking a tablespoon of MCT oil every day most people are not sensitive enough to have a negative effect from a tablespoon which was the unit you gave me you don't want to take this much MCT at one shot right you can work up to 50 or 60 grams so that had 60 grams would be about 2 tablespoons starts start slowly find out if your stomach is actually quite sensitive you some people are less sensitive than others so there can be side effects but you can dilute the MCT you can take it twice or three times a day you don't have to take it all at once in fact it's better even if you had no side effects it's better if you spread it out because it allows the ketone levels to last longer in the blood and that's what you're after there's no there's no danger apart from the risk of diarrhea from a large dose some people are constipated and actually look forward to okay do you want to have be ketogenic enough to have ketones in your urine to do this like on the Atkins diet so my experience with the ketogenic that measuring ketosis from the ketogenic diet is from from epilepsy and children and it's notoriously useless it's it's not a very good indicator because you urine volume is going to depend on how much you drink and the concentration of the ketones is going to be the opposite of the volume if the volume is big the concentration is going to go down but you might be screening a fair amount of ketones anyway so it might be simpler in some ways to use the urinary sticks but I don't think they're a good indicator that's my experience from the ketogenic diet for children and I probably applies in in adults as well okay we have you really want to know what's going on with your ketones you can do a finger prick measure it's not that expensive sorry we have one last question here since the human brains about 3 pounds plus or minus a pound and we're told four years now avoid fats and we know that the brain atrophies over a as we age what about omega-3 for the brain will that make a difference over time so the what's called the epidemiology which is the way people eat people that eat fish countries where fish is eaten have a lower incidence of Alzheimer's disease Japan Norway Portugal etc countries like you know which that don't eat much fish have a higher incidence that suggests that fish is protective and I don't challenge that association the problem is if if you don't eat fish and I tell you you should eat fish you're not going to that's the first thing and you're going to try and replace it with fish oil which is a seems like a sensible compromise but all the randomised trials with fish oil capsules in Alzheimer's disease and in mild cognitive impairment have not been successful so does that mean there's something in fish that you can't put in it but it isn't in the capsules I'm not sure but that's the state of the art we're trying to boil down food into capsules and and supplements and stuff and maybe that's not the solution of course if you've never eaten fish and you're not going to then you can eat omega-3 fatty acids from algal sources you can eat vegetarian sources of DHA because alpha-linolenic acid from flaxseed oil is the inert in terms of DHA production you're not gonna make any DHA from alpha linolenic acid I guarantee it so and you everything that's leafy and green has got alpha linolenic acid you're gonna get loads of omega-3 but you're not going to get any DHN there's no alpha linolenic acid in the brain so you need the DHA maybe you can convince yourself to start eating fish but right now it's kind of a there's there's no solution I'm and it might depend on the energy status of the brain anyway if there's not enough fuel getting into the brain maybe the DHA is getting there and it can't do what it needs to do because the neurons are not communicating because not enough energy and the reverse could be true we might be able to optimize a ketogenic supplement with DHA it's not out of the question at all but separately the DHA doesn't seem to be very beneficial it doses that you would expect if it was going to work it should work 800 milligrams a day it hasn't worked that's a lot I would like to thank everyone for being here at this lecture please show your appreciation to dr. Canaan

  Top Comments:
  1. @myralhf [4 likes]: I can attest low carb-high good fat works. I had a few episodes of memory issues and transient amnesia. Within the first week of Keto my cognition improved. Watched improvement over 1.5yrs with testing with brain neurologist and psych eval to ensure I was ok and not dementia. I past, and so grateful...walked this path and researched alone. My doc told me there wasn't anything he could do...this attitude in allopathic medicine is so wrong! it was a scary journey alone.
  2. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [3 likes]: We NEED saturated fat ! The low fat avoid fat for health is dead wrong !!
  3. @PaulHigginbothamSr [1 likes]: I just walked my big rottweiler 1 1/2 miles and after listening to this I just took another tablespoon of mct oil. Alzheimers is a horrible disorder. At the pet food store as we were walking out I turned towards the back of the store instead of the front to leave. Something I never would have done ten years ago. So exercising and taking a tablespoon of mct oil seems I am still dropping in performance. I still understand correctly where I need to drive to, and my driving has improved 100% since taking this supplement. I have recently, (past month), also started k2 m7 supplement dropping atorvastatin to try to keep my heart arteries clear. Statins seem to not extend life at all and have bad effects on our brain tissue, never mentioned this to my primary physician since he does not seem to understand insulin resistance in the brain, but seems tied to the standard American Care philosophy. I no longer even believe in the standard American philosophy of cancer genesis,  but the mitochondrial failure that causes cancer and can be reduced by giving the mitochondria enough keytones, especially in the brain.
  4. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [1 likes]: Mct oil has c8 and thats where you get ketones.
  5. @jennygibbons1258 [1 likes]: Ordinary coconut oil works fine and way cheaper than MCT. Not all people can take MCT which makes my skin and throat itchy, histamine hay fever type reaction.
  6. @myralhf [1 likes]: Ketones in the milk? Breast milk or cow's milk?
  7. @fromthepeanutgallery1084 [1 likes]: Good up the the point of the fruit question. "Eat as much as you want?????"  50:20  Fruit is sugar, it raises insulin NO DOUBT ABOUT it.  Major WRONG advice on this point.
  8. @lettyjimenez3442 [1 likes]: I used to work at an Auto Auction. There was many retired truck drivers, retired City employees and retired mailman . I noticed that the elderly retired mailman had very sharp memory regardless of diet
  9. @ChuckMcC [1 likes]: Ketones prevent Alzheimer's...
  10. @labbe52: 💯❤
  11. @Charity-l5g: Ketones are effective against Alzheimer's. But getting "fat adapted" is very difficult. Better just take MCT oil or become an carnivor
  12. @lorri763: Thank you!!!!! I'm a concerned daughter trying to give my mom every bit of ammunition for some improvement!
  13. @rachelwren-vipond6029: great stuff! Just started taking MCT  time will tell. thanks for your work
  14. @dogphlap6749: Thank you Stephen Cunnane.  Lots of stuff to contemplate here.
  15. @johneubank8543: You can't "take a walk" and fix a bad diet. You have to stop eating cake with flour and sugar in it. You have to eat a truly keto-friendly dessert, rarely, instead. Diet is far, far more important than exercise. This guy is great, but his explanation of keto is ... well, other people explain it much better, and seem to grasp it much better.
  16. @daisiesushitam984: [55:00] Fish oils in capsules are rancid and therefore will not impart any benefit.
  17. @stephenstrauhs9664: Coconut oil is good but MCT #8 and #10 are part of Coconut oil & more effective at creating Ketones. I take it in a powdered form & use it as a coffee creamer.
  18. @R.R.Brahma: Is here anybody who reversed dementia with keto diet or fasting?
  19. @1289danman: Does anyone else hear Warren Buffet at 50:10 😂
  20. @nessieness5433: Mary's husband has died.

- Ketosis and Alzheimer's: A Metabolic Neuroscience Journey With Dr. Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Welcome back to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group where we're focusing on the intersection of metabolic health and mental health and metabolic therapies like ketogenic therapies for mental illness. I'm your host, Dr. Bret Scher. Today we're going to continue our discussion on metabolic therapies, ketogenic therapies for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease. We're fortunate enough to be joined by Dr. Stephen Cunnane. Dr. Cunnane is a professor in the Department of Medicine at the University of Sherbrooke, and he's also the chair in Keto Therapeutics, which is a recently new position and very exciting, which we're going to hear him talk about. He's published over 350 articles in peer reviewed journals. He's been the author on five different books, and he's a researcher on in the Center of Aging. And Dr. Cunnane it's really interesting because he truly is a pioneer in this field and sort of stumbled upon it by accent. So we hear about his origin story, what got him interested in studying ketones, ketones in the brain, and then how that sort of transitioned to ketones, ketogenic therapy for neurodegenerative diseases. And since he's been there in the beginning, and he's still there now, he can give us sort of the perspective on how the field has changed, but in two different ways, how the research field has changed, and then maybe how the clinical field hasn't changed nearly as quickly and has been very slow to adopt and why that is what he thinks needs to change. Plus, we hear about some exciting new projects he's working on. So I think this is a really interesting exploration of Stephen and his journey through this and what it means sort of for the field of keto therapeutics. So I hope you enjoy this interview with Dr. Stephen Cunnane. Well, Dr. Cunnane, I'd love to start by hearing what got you interested in exploring ketones as a potential treatment for neurodegenerative diseases, because this is a huge field with lots of research going on, but when you look back over the past 10, 20 years, probably not so much about ketones. It's definitely sort of an alternative approach. So what got you interested in that alternative so-called approach? - Well, I guess there's two parts to the answer, Bret. One is serendipity, and the other was that I'd heard roughly at the same time that I made the serendipitous observation in a research project, which I'll come to in a sec. I heard about the ketogenic diet in the film. "First Do No Harm," which was sort of the first widely publicized way of seeing the treatment of epilepsy with the ketogenic diet, with Meryl Streep and so on. And I thought that was the craziest thing I'd ever heard about. 'Cause you know, like most people in the early '90s and perhaps many people today, I thought low fat was important and the high fat was going to sort of kill people and all the rest of it, pretty naive view. But that's where I was at. And to be honest, there weren't that many people working on, even on the ketogenic diet in epilepsy in the early '90s. The serendipitous observation that really made me pay more attention to the ketogenic diet in epilepsy was that we, by mistake, discovered that polyunsaturated fatty acids that are in our diet, like alpha linoleic acid and linoleic acid, are actually moderately ketogenic. And more interesting than that, during early development, at least in the animal model we were studying, they were quite important sources of carbon to help build the lipids in the brain, which completely blew me away. I was working on omega three fatty acids and the uptake of DHA into the brain. And here I was seeing one of the precursors of DHA that was being incorporated into cholesterol and saturated fatty acids in the brain at about 10 to 20 times the amount that was going into DHA, it seemed completely implausible. And then I learned that the ketones were underlying that process that they, the fatty acids are broken down by beta oxidation and some of the carbon is lost to carbon dioxide, but some is recaptured and used in lipid synthesis. And so, this got me interested in brain development and neurodegenerative diseases came along in my career at least 10 years later. But it was the early development thing that struck me. And some of the pioneers in the 1960s that were looking at ketones and early brain development have all been forgotten about now. But that's, in fact to me what was started this whole thing is that if ketones are important for early brain development, maybe that explains in part why they're beneficial for child in childhood epilepsy. And when I got the opportunity to move to Sherbrooke, 'cause at the time I was in Toronto, I had the opportunity to start doing brain imaging. And the PET imaging that we started here is was something they were quite prepared to try and make a ketone tracer. And to me that was really an important step forward to look inside this black box and see what was going on. We still didn't have Alzheimer's disease on the radar at the time, but as we, but there was no opportunity to study ketones in early development for me. And since I was affiliated with the Research Center on Aging, I said, "Well, if they're important for brain development, perhaps they're important for the brain function as we age, and maybe there's something we can learn about the way the brain is using these two fuels, that would be relevant to healthy brain aging." And it's turned out to be very interesting, but at the beginning, we had no idea where this was going to take us. - Yeah, really interesting. That started with that, just the scientific curiosity of ketones in the brains and the interaction and I like that you mentioned imaging though, because like you said, the brain's a black box. How do we know what fuel the brain is using? How can we tell if it's using glucose or ketones? So you had to sort of help develop this technology to differentiate that. So give us, you know the one minute layman's version of how can you tell what the brain cells, the neurons are using for fuel to create energy? - So imaging, PET imaging, specifically positron emission tomography. You can follow different isotopes, different molecules as they're being used by the brain. What you get is an image of the activity of the utilization of those molecules in different parts of the brain. And what we've known since the 1980s, since the dawn of PET imaging in human studies is that glucose is the main fuel that was known already. But you can see the pattern and you can see that the gray matter is using twice as much glucose as the white matter, for instance. But the white matter is not inert. It's not just an insulated wire. It's actually actively metabolizing, making myelin, making the insulation for the nerves. And there's an active processes involved there. Now we also know that ketones are used by the brain. We've known that since the '60s with George Cahill, And that during starvation, ketones become a dominant fuel. But little was known about the process in relation to aging. And the big surprise for us was that we knew that there was this problem when getting glucose into the parietal cortex in Alzheimer's disease, that had been known since the eighties as well. Even on the crudest PET images that were available 40 years ago, you can still see that that area of the brain is simply not metabolizing glucose very well. And the interpretation always was that those cells are dying or have died and hence they don't, they're not going to use much fuel of course, 'cause a dying cell doesn't have any energy requirements. So it was interpreted as a consequence of the disease. And we said, well, two points. One is that problem seems to be present, the metabolic problem seems to be present before people are clinically diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. So maybe it's not just a consequence, but there are two fuels anyway. And under the right circumstances the brain is quite happy to use ketones. And lo and behold, when you look at the image for FDG and for ketones, you don't see any deficit in ketone utilization in the parietal cortex at all. Observation that was novel at the time, it's confirmed by four different techniques now in labs around the world. So I'm quite confident a very robust observation. - Yeah, so just a quick summary. So FDG meaning the glucose uptake. So in these cells, glucose uptake goes down, but ketone uptake does not, they can still use ketones for fuel, therefore they're not dead cells like you were saying. 'Cause they're still using energy, they're just using ketones. - They probably will be in the course of the next couple of years to come if they're starving. And if you give them the right fuel, they can use it. So the question then is how do you preserve them, keep them alive and keep their communications alive so that they can keep the brain function alive, the memory and the executive function and language and these cognitive parameters that decline in Alzheimer's disease. And so, but that PET imaging gives you a window on that process and it shows you where the problem is. If you've just had a stroke, it's probably going to show you that that area of the brain has got anatomically is different, but also has a problem with the glucose uptake. But it also, if you do it correctly, can show you the magnitude of the problem. How much glucose is missing? Is it 2% of what the brain would normally want to see, or is it more like 25%, which is the case in Alzheimer's disease. It's a huge number. It's like trying to run an eight cylinder car on five cylinders or six cylinders. I mean, that's old technology when you think of today about being ecologically more responsible with electric cars and so on. But it's a, the analogy is that in fact the brain is a hybrid car and what we're getting it to do is to run on the electricity and the battery and the electrical motor and bypass problems with the gasoline engine, which is what's happening with the glucose. - Yeah, you know, it's so interesting that the terminology is frequently that ketones are an alternative fuel for the brain. And I always thought that that's so interesting that it's alternative, right? It's only alternative basically because we've made it alternative through our lifestyle. But when you see the way ketones are used, would you say it's a primary fuel or a preferred fuel or it runs better? Like can you use, I don't know, I want to say sort of like judgmental terms like that to say that the brain is meant to run on ketones more than glucose, perhaps. - Well, in the infant, there's not enough glucose getting to the brain to meet the infant's brain energy requirements when it's born. So they're an essential fuel for about 25%. Ketones are supplying about 25% of the energy requirements of the newborn infant. So they're essential for that purpose. - Essential meaning you cannot survive without it. - That's right. - Yeah. - And the fact that we're born with fat babies, our species, if they're born at term, if they're born normal and healthy, they've got fat, they've got five to 600 grams of fat, and that is helping to generate the ketones to meet their brain's energy requirements. So it's essential, now it's still not the main fuel in the neonate. And if that baby's being breastfed, then that's sort of the ideal situation. So now we progress towards adolescents and adulthood and we're on a typical western diet, whatever that means. And obviously it's predominantly carb and the ketone contribution goes down to around three to 5%. The only way you can get it back up is to really suppress carbohydrate intake. And when, if you're on a ketogenic diet, which is, as you know, well it's probably under 5% carbohydrates in the diet, ketones will be supplying on the order of 40 plus percent of the brain's energy requirements. Still not the majority. But what's very interesting is that when you are on a ketogenic diet and you have no problem with brain glucose or ketone utilization, such as in a young healthy adult, for instance, glucose uptake will be suppressed when the ketones are available. So when you provide ketones, they are in fact the preferred fuel. It's a term that I know rubs some people the wrong way. But I think it's the correct term that ketones, when they're available and both fuels are available, and there's no limit to utilizing both of them, ketones will go in and will suppress utilization of glucose. And that's been shown by two different techniques, totally different techniques as well. So I think that's a robust observation. But for the majority of people, unless you're on a very strict ketogenic diet, glucose will still be the main fuel. And I think that's normal and that's okay. But underlying your question is, are ketones doing something that glucose cannot do? Are they complimenting in some important way? And that's something we still don't know. But when you're born, they are actually the main fuel to make not the main fuel, but the main substrate to make brain lipids. Cholesterol is quite an important component of the brain. Saturated fats are very important in the brain to make the myelin, but also in the gray matter. And so they are the dominant source of carbon when you're born to make the brain lipids. - Yeah, so interesting to think about how it is from birth throughout and then changes throughout life, but then again, at in diseases of aging like Alzheimer's disease, neurocognitive diseases, that it becomes important again. And so, let's fast forward then to when your research turned towards Alzheimer's disease, where so much of the focus has been on the amyloid plaques and the neurofibrillary tangles and like, that's been the predominant focus for decades and decades and decades. And here you come and say, well, let's, why don't we start looking at energy utilization and change energy utilization? I mean, there was, what did that seem just completely revolutionary at the time and completely crazy to some neurologists and researchers at the time? - Well, we've always had trouble convincing the neurologist that it was relevant because they're all looking for sort of the magic bullet treatment to these sorts of disorders. And the amyloid seemed to be the obvious choice. I mean, it is present, it's present, not in all people with Alzheimer's disease as you may know. So it's not a guarantee that having high amyloid may in fact be associated with Alzheimer's, but it may not. And you can have Alzheimer's disease clinically without a large amyloid load. But so yes, it's always been sort of the orphan approach to Alzheimer's therapeutics. But we came to it honestly in the sense that we were never intending to treat Alzheimer's disease. We were simply looking at the metabolic state of the brain in a healthy, older person. In fact, we spent a lot of time trying to define what is a healthy, older, how do we define a healthy aging anyway, and what is the energy state of the brain in that the person that we've defined as cognitive, as healthy. And we ended up defining it based on cognitive norms for normal cognitive performance at certain ages. And we always found that there was a five, around five to 7% lower glucose uptake in the brain, in even in the healthiest elderly people that we could identify. And we said, well, what's happening in mild cognitive impairment, which is the early stage of Alzheimer's disease and Alzheimer's disease, and there's a gradual progression towards a lowering of glucose uptake with a steady uptake of ketones. So we kind of said, wow, that's interesting. If the cells are not dead and they're able to metabolize ketones, maybe this can help support brain function. So what are we going to give people to supply them with more ketones? This is around 2012 or so. I knew about the ketogenic diet, of course at this point, and I was doubtful the ethics committee was going to let me put 75 year olds on a ketogenic diet for six months. And even if they were going to permit me to do it, I knew enough about Alzheimer's disease at that point to realize that they're fragile population, and it's maybe capricious sounds like a little, maybe not fair, but they're likely to change their mind and they might say, oh yeah, "I'm willing to do this project," but a week later they might change their mind. So we need something that's more likely to take over an extended period of time. And we ended up settling on MCT medium chain triglyceride as a supplement, knowing that once you give the dose, you're going to get a rise in blood levels and it's going to go down and if you get another dose later on, it'll rise and go down. So it's kind of, you're making a compromise either way. They're on a ketogenic diet for two weeks, it's not enough to learn anything about their cognitive function really, if they're on MCT for six months, that's long enough, but you might not have high enough ketones to change anything in their lives. So that's the gamble we took and we came out ahead in the sense that in looking at mild we actually showed you could improve cognitive performance in all the five cognitive domains in the very early stage where there's only a mild deficit to start with. - Yeah, so this was fascinating. It was a six month randomized controlled trial that you did with the MCT supplement versus a placebo supplement. And as you mentioned, there was improved cognitive function for memory, executive function, language. And one important thing when you're dealing with trials is what is the magnitude of improvement? Was it just a tiny improvement, was a clinically relevant improvement? So how would you summarize the degree of improvement that the people on the MCT supplements saw in six months? - So the main improvement that we saw in terms of magnitude was in language and it was borderline clinically relevant. So the other changes were also statistically important. They're considered to have a decent effect size, a moderate effect size, which is sort of a proxy for clinical utility. But remember in mild cognitive impairment, they're fully autonomous in their daily lives. They're able to get around, to drive, remember their pin number for their bank account and so on. So they're only starting with a very small deficit that you can define on these objective tests. So you're not expecting a dramatic change in their lives that you can see when they walk into the research center, which you do see occasionally with the ketogenic diet. As a colleague of mine, Russell Swerdlow in Kansas City has said, "I could tell in a couple of my patients who were on the ketogenic diet when they crossed the parking lot to come into the research center, I could tell how much better they were doing." So that jumps out at you because the ketone levels are a lot higher on a ketogenic diet than they will be on a ketogenic supplement. So again, it's often a practical question and you'd like to get ketones up to a certain number, but what's the way to do it and what's the chances of sustaining someone on that treatment for an extended period of time? What's your placebo going to be? And work with the ketogenic diet, but also with the ketogenic supplements, faces, this sort of scrutiny that okay, you've seen an effect. What was the control group on? And, you know, for the ketogenic diet, that's a tough call to set up a controlled study. We were able to use a control group with the MCT. So, it's a question of progressing towards solving these sort of practical issues that make it credible in the end. And so far it's been promising. - Yeah, and other researchers in this space, we recently interviewed Dr. Matthew Phillips, who also did a study on ketogenic intervention for Alzheimer's disease and showed improvement. So it's clear the needle is moving that direction, which I think for you must be fascinating to think about when you started in this field, how nascent it really was. And now to the point where there are a number of different intervention studies that keep getting, I guess you could say better or keep adding to the literature and hopefully progressing and now to the point where there's even a chair in keto therapeutics, which is what you are in your new position, like, so would you ever have dreamed that it would've progressed this much and this quickly? I mean, you know, some people could say it's been slow, but by research standard, I would say it's been fairly quickly. So I don't know, would you ever have dreamed it would've happened? - Oh, you feel both ways about it. You watch the time go by and the years go by and you say, "No one seems to be doing this any faster than we are in terms of getting clinical results published that are randomized controlled trials." So in that sense, I feel good, but in the end, you know you spent 30 years working on this and you'd like to see it go faster and to be more accepted because there's, I think there's a certain resistance, if I could use that word in the medical establishment. By and large, the expectation is that drugs will be the solution to many of these diseases, whether it's diabetes, hypertension, mental health, in fact, and they're the mainstay, for better or for worse, they're there and they're in your face. And so the idea for a neurologist to see or a psychiatrist or a geriatrician to see the disease through the lens of a metabolic problem and to reconfigure the way they think about the disease, I think that's probably the main challenge ahead now is to get an acceptance that there is a metabolic foundation to many of these disorders and there's a metabolic solution. And it doesn't necessarily involve drugs and their side effects. But if you come back to the original disease that was treated with the ketogenic diet, that was epilepsy and every generation new generation of epileptic drug that was developed kind of set back the ketogenic treatments by another decade or so. And, but the side effects were often worse than the benefits. And yet there's so many people were frustrated. I mean, the Baszucki family has went through a period of immense frustration when they realized that there was a different approach to their son's mental health issue. It's exactly the same story with in epilepsy with Jim Abrams back in the '90s when, which got him to produce the film "First Do No Harm." Why is there a cultural resistance or a cultural obstacle in the medical establishment? And that's something that we have to learn to deal with and try to solve. - Yeah, it's very well said. And if you, I mean, you can imagine the two different graphs, one of the progression of research in these fields, and one is the adoption in clinical practice and with epilepsy, the research took off and there are dozens of randomized controlled trials and Cochrane reviews on ketogenic therapy for epilepsy. But the clinical uptake was so slow compared to the research. And I think we're probably seeing something similar with ketogenic therapy for neurodegenerative diseases that we see more pockets of people doing research, but the clinical adoption is still very low because of this drug centric approach that you mentioned, so. - Well, I think Ancel Keys' casts a long shadow over the ketogenic therapies in the sense that fat is the enemy and if there's more fat in your diet, we're still, as a worldwide, we're still very much affected by that dogma that fat is the enemy. And so that's something that we have to reconfigure and our older population in the Alzheimer's study, I mean, they were really concerned that MCT is a saturated fat, that's going to be bad for me, I'm going to gain weight. So I said, well, these are the results and the result is that you don't gain weight. And so it's one study at a time gradually, but we have, society has seen fat as the enemy for the past 50, 60 years and it's not going to change overnight. - Yeah, yeah. I want to go back to something you said where you said you doubted that the IRB and the ethics committee would allow you to put 75 year olds on a ketogenic diet, implying that they would assume it is a dangerous diet and they should not go on it, which is of course, backwards thinking. Do you think that's changed? Do you think if you went to an IRB tomorrow that they'd be much more accepting of it? - Yes, I think it has changed. It's changed because of results of people, the people like Virta Health and the acceptance now that type two diabetes can be treated and can even be put into remission. And the openness, I think that the American Dietetic And Diabetic Associations have to, a lower carb intake is coming. So I don't know whether the cardiologists have turned the page on on that yet. That's something you might know better, but I don't think the neurologists have yet. So there's still a fairly strict view of treatment options and you know, to be fair, if I was a neurologist, I would have a list of options that I'd be allowed to use that my association has approved and the ketogenic diet is nowhere on that list. So what risk is that person taking to be ostracized or to even be disciplined for introducing a treatment that is not accepted? If it's not accepted, it's probably because it doesn't work. I mean that's the logic. And so we need to change that. And it's still going to take time. - Yeah and of course, if the alternative is just to let them continue to eat their standard American, standard industrialized diet, nobody thinks twice about that, right? But to put 'em on a ketogenic diet would be potentially risky or dangerous from a medical perspective, which doesn't quite fit, does it? That framework. - No and the evidence is there that it is acceptable because often they said, well, it might be effective the ketogenic diet, but people won't tolerate it. And even if they tolerate it, it's too expensive or it's limiting in its vitamins and there's always this search for some other reason to not try it when, when in fact those reasons aren't valid. But we have this sort of internal psychological resistance that it's pretty hard to overcome. And when you, I mean, when you hear these personal stories of how much people have improved with ketosis that all of a sudden it becomes the most sustainable and easiest thing to comply with because of the benefits you're seeing, you don't want to see disappear. So so many people would do anything they can to stick with it, with that type of benefit. And yeah, it's, anybody who says that clearly hasn't tried it or doesn't know enough about it to realize that it can be incredibly sustainable and easy for many people, but our society is not one that promotes it and our society is one that makes it more challenging. So I guess, it's understandable some of these hurdles. So you have to figure out how do you change things from a research perspective so that we can get some infiltration into the clinical perspective. So when you think about that and you think about connecting the dots, where do you think research has to go to make it more clinically acceptable? - Oh, we need more robust results. I mean, my RCT had 40 people per group that's borderline significant in terms of the sample size, but most neurologists will say, "Well, you know it's going to take you 300 people per group normally to to be convincing." Of course we didn't have access to $5 million to do it with 300 people. But more robust studies are needed. Placebo is an absolutely essential part of this process, whether you're working with a supplement, it's basically impossible to do with it with a ketogenic diet. So I don't know whether we'll ever have the robust results with a ketogenic diet in older, in neurodegenerative disorders. I think the thing that that sort of resets the table a little bit is the internet and the families and patients are able to access the information and judge it for themselves and either push their doctors to agree or to say that I'm going to do it despite your misgivings sort of thing. But there are companies making money off ketogenic products, a lot of money, in some cases. And I think there's a question of social responsibility to produce a placebo so the research can go forward to engage some percentage of their profits in research that can be independently vetted by some sort of scientific advisory board. And to make this treatment more credible. Because at the moment it looks like the wild west out there and it's only feeding the concern that some clinicians will have that this is simply profiteering and there's nothing really scientifically valid underneath this. And so, I think the companies are going to kind of burn, they're burning the candle at both ends, and at some point they're missing the opportunity to be more responsible and to have longer term view of the profits they could make because it has a more, it's a more credible treatment for serious chronic diseases. - Yeah, that's a great point. I mean, as we know from medicine that anytime industry and profits get intertwined with medicine, it becomes quite complicated. And you never know what to trust and what to believe when profits get in the way, which is one thing that's so great about a diet when we're talking about food, if we're not talking about products and we're just talking about eating a certain way, nobody is going to have a patent on that. And the focus is more on helping people improve then really helping the bottom line. So hopefully that that purity can help people understand these results better than industry sponsored results. But maybe that's naive, I don't know. - It's a challenging process. I mean if you need to stop, not need to, anyone who smokes needs to stop smoking, but smoking is not something you need to do except because of the addiction. It's not, you don't need it for, it's not life giving, it's life sapping, alcohol is not something you need, but food is something you need. So people will have to make choices and they may prefer at some point to have eaten more sugar in their diets or more dessert or more pop or whatever it is. And they have to learn to consume less but, and consume differently. And that's a psychological and an appetite adaptation that is slow in an older population. It's not easy to get that commitment, that motivation. How does a 75 year old in a residence where everyone's getting dessert twice a day, decide not to eat dessert, for instance. As a starting in to reduce their carb intake without changing whether they eat corn flakes without changing, whether they eat rice or potatoes, just trying to reduce their desserts, for instance. It's a challenging process. I'm doing it in a residence right now. We started with a 10 day project and we got some very encouraging results and we're going on to a two month project now, but there's a lot of resistance. Like I don't want to have to eat, you know, this is, I'm finally at a stage in my life where people are taking care of me. I can afford to be in this nice residence. Why would I change what I'm going to eat? Well, you're taking medication for diabetes, wouldn't you like to stop that? Some do, some don't. I'm sure people with mental health issues, it's the same problem. How do you motivate them to make that change when perhaps the only pleasure they're getting out of the day is the bag of chips or two donuts or whatever it is. So there's quite a challenge, and I'm by no means I'm not a behavioral psychologist, so I'm not sure the best way to approach these issues, but one approach is with the ketogenic supplements, which allows people to eat what they're eating. Ideally they would change towards a lower carb, but they can still get the ketones because the ketone production from medium chain triglyceride or from a ketone salt for that matter, is independent of insulin. Whereas if you're depending on the body to make the ketones without the supplement, you have to get insulin down. So you have to get that motivation level to reduce your carbs and so on. So there are different strategies and they're not mutually exclusive, they can be combined. And that's what we're starting in the trial, in the residents this fall is a combination of MCT plus a 50% reduction in carb intake. - Oh, that's wonderful. I think we need programs like that, especially in a controlled setting like that, like in a residence, that can really control what people are eating and really see the impact. Because like you said, when you're getting dessert twice a day and every meal is high carb and that's just the way it is, you don't question it. And so it takes someone like you to come along and question it and change it. And you mentioned that you're not a behavioral psychologist, but you brought up some very important issues, which you clearly understand that if you're, if all you're doing is taking, taking, taking, it feels like deprivation. But if you can substitute, if you can take away the pleasure from the donut and substitute it with something else, whatever that something else may be, then you're on the more on the road to accomplishing a longer term success with that. And the hope is for people with cognitive impairment or with mental illness that improved brain function, improved psychiatric and mental health is one of those carrots that you feel better and then you can exercise more and then you can engage in, in more creative activities or that those are the carrots. I use carrot. But those are the benefits to- - The low carb carrots. - To, to, The low carb carrots, those are the benefits to replace what you're quote unquote taking away. So I mean, you clearly understand the concept and that has to be part of it. - You mentioned talking to Matthew Phillips and I know of Matthew, I've corresponded with him, but I haven't actually spoken to him, but he's worked with both Parkinson's patients on a ketogenic diet and Alzheimer's patients. And I'd be very interested to know whether you had the same experience as us, which is that the Parkinson's patients are easier to recruit and easier to maintain. The retention on the study is easier than it is with the Alzheimer patients. They're basically the same age, so it's not age alone, but I think the difference is that the Parkinson's patients, if they're improving, can actually see that the tremor is going down or that they're actually able to write something or hold their spoon for their soup or whatever it is. I'm not sure, and I'm sure that's a motivating factor because the quality of life, they can feel the difference. Whereas with Alzheimer's disease, the improvement that may be occurring may be perceptible to the patient themselves, probably more likely to their loved one or their caregiver who can see improvements that the patient themself doesn't even notice. So how do you motivate the person who doesn't actually perceive the benefit yet? - Yeah, great question, great question. Yeah, really interesting. That's where having a care team and having loved ones and a family and a support system can be so important. So it's not just change what you eat, is change what you eat, have behavioral modifications in place, have a support system, it's all part of it, which is a lot harder than just popping a pill, right? It's more involved than just taking a drug. So we can see why there's a higher, a steeper on-ramp maybe to adopt it, but in the long run, probably so much more important than this taking medication. So I think this has been a wonderful journey to hear about you and your beginnings and how you progress through this field and how the field has progressed. And we heard about your project that you're working on in the residents. So what else are you working on? What can we expect from you in the near future as you move on with your research? - Two things, really. One is that we learned again by accident, that exercise helps get ketones into the brain in Alzheimer's patients, I presume that's also true in healthy individuals, but we don't know that for sure. So we were struck immediately by the opportunity to combine the supplement or the ketogenic diet plus exercise. Again, this is not a single silo approach to the disease that ketones can be generated by one technique, but their uptake can be improved by another technique, which would be the exercise. So combining the two, so we're doing a pilot study in Parkinson's patients with a ketogenic supplement plus exercise, and the same thing in We're going to be analyzing the preliminary data later this summer and hopefully we'll have something to say about that this fall. So again, to multimodal, I guess is the term we would use. And these things are, ketones can't do it all and they shouldn't be seen as something that is sufficient by itself. It should be combined with other approaches to your health. Because even if there was no problem getting ketones or energy into the brain exercise, of course, is beneficial for health anyway. And so, it's not just one or the other two together. The other thing we we're impressed to learn again a little bit by accident is that when you have a tracer for ketones, you can look at it where it's used in the body. So we had been focused on the brain pretty much above the neck as we say. We decided to look below the neck one day and found that the heart is extremely actively metabolizing ketones as is the kidney. And so, we're sort of ruminating about what kind of projects we can do to study heart failure. And there's already publications out there suggesting that ketones could be beneficial in diabetic heart cardiac failure. And so, is this a question of fuel utilization and fuel strategies, fuel-based strategies, metabolic strategies as for the brain? Is it actually a similar situation to that in the brain? The difference being, of course, that the heart prefers to use fatty acids as fuel and the brain does not. The brain essentially cannot use fatty acids for all intents and purposes, doesn't use fatty acids specifically. So we're looking below the neck and there may be some interesting things that we can learn. It's still a bit physiological, a bit exploratory, but there could be some opportunities there as well. - Wow, very interesting. I love to hear all that. So hopefully we can have you back when some of this research starts to play out and you get some results. We'll have you back on at Metabolic Mind here to discuss the results and see. - It'd be a pleasure Bret, absolutely. - Well, great, well thank you for taking the time. Really appreciate you sharing your journey with us. - You're welcome, thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrMooTwahzZ [1 likes]: As a Naturopath, I have been teaching KETONE as the true n proper Default BRAIN FUEL for years.

The institutional dogma labeled glucose the "default" simply because it's the easiest thing to measure in a modern society addicted to carbohydrates. But underneath that societal overlay, the body’s primary, high-performance engine is built to run on fat.

Thus, Brains rotted by SUGAR aka GLUCOSE gives You the current DEMENTIA aka ALZHEIMERS epidemic. 

Meanwhile, being Diagnosed with AH is actually in ERROR. The real problem is a lifetime of sustained HIGH BLOOD SUGAR. You dont have ALZHEIMERS. U have a MALNOURISHED Brain that's eroding due to lack of Proper NUTRIENTS.
  2. @carolcondon1663 [1 likes]: Thank you, what an amazing man!
  3. @paulhodges8288 [1 likes]: BECAUSE THEIR INCOME IS BASED KN THE STATUS QUO.
DUH!
  4. @lizakiesling1289 [1 likes]: Is their benefit for Alzheimer’s patients in exogenous ketones?
  5. @dou40006 [1 likes]: Ketogenic diet to mitigate Alzheimer ? yeah but the effects are very modest and probably very temporary, dont expect a cure with this, not even close
  6. @chrisd3283 [1 likes]: At 15:00, the guest states that ".. [amyloid] isn't present in all people with Alzheimer's...".  This is by the definition of Alzheimer's, false. The presence of beta‑amyloid plaques, along with tau neurofibrillary tangles, is a defining biological hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease.  This misstatement alone does not impugn the integrity of an argument that might say "better brain energy is a good thing to support neurological health", but in my opinion it seriously undermines the credibility of the guest in claiming the efficacy of better brain energy in Alzheimer's treatment.  That's important because we always have limited resources to apply to any problem, so spending resources on any possible contribution to treatment should be carefully considered.  

I'm 61 years old and have younger-onset Alzheimer's, with the PET scan that shows unequivocally the presence of amyloid plaque in my brain.  I have no serious MCI (yet).  I'm also on a metabolic-focused diet with the full support of my neurologist and GP.  While my adherence to this diet is good for me, it will not materially contribute to the prevention of accumulation of amyloid plaque in my brain, which will be the cause of accelerated neurological damage.  Whatever neurologic cells that are healthy when I die will have benefited from all that good energy 😁😁
  7. @CNM-ss2lc [1 likes]: Has any research done on exogenous ketone in dementia??
  8. @penniroyal4398 [1 likes]: I am 65 and just diagnosed with Altzheimer disease 😢 I researched what I could do and found the Keto diet! I am having scrambled eggs with pan fried zucchini in Olive oil and lots of dried herbs, I am trusting this diet will be helpful 🙏
  9. @hahaipokedyouoel483 [1 likes]: The Seventh-day Aventist living in retirement homes might be a good group to study. They're mostly vegetarian and believe in physical activity .
  10. @MrRobinGoodhand: It seems to me that the role of ketones in the brain is PARTICULARLY important if/when the brain itself starts to become insulin resistant.  Consistently  high  levels of insulin will cause parts of the brain to EVENTUALLY  become insulin resistant, thus reducing those cells' ability to absorb glucose.  If the person has insulin resistance,  they are likely consuming too many carbohydrates.  The problem is that high insulin inhibits the breakdown of fat.  One of the important by-products of fat burning is ketones.  The brain areas that become insulin resistant would probably eagerly accept ketones for energy metabolism, but sadly, the body is not producing them because high insulin has prevented the burning of fat (and thus the creation of ketones). This creates an energy crisis in the brain.  Since there is not enough energy to meet requirements, the brain is forced to shut down, or starve out, areas that are less essential for immediate survival. In essence, going into a triage situation. I think this is what dementia and Alzheimer's is all about.  I would bet that amyloid plaques and Tau proteins are all downstream from the above and are probably part of the brain's natural response to survive the best it can in a chronically energy-deprived milieu.
  11. @chickendiaries: So interesting.   Thank you
  12. @andrewmortensen5411: The resistance is because WEALTH comes before health.
  13. @RichardThivierge-v5h: Mr. Cunne is a hero in this field. I have been taking MCT for four years after taking care of my wife 24/7 for 6 months during Covid 19 and she died when the country was on a locldown. There was no  help available. 

After her death I returned where we were living to have access to healthcare.  Everingthing was jam,  My doctor offered me a pil for the memory. I declined. I damage my 3 motorcycles. in three months. 

I flew to Mexico. I miss my initial flight. I bought a new ticket and made it to Mexico but I mis the connecting flight to my destination and I bought a new ticket and slept for a second day in an airport. I was totally disoriented but i finally made it to my destination.
 

I  discovered the work of Mr. Cunnane  watching a video of Mary Newport.  I got some MCT from Amazon. I  watched more videos  which convinced me  to ask my doctor for a brain scan. He made a phone call and told me someone is waiting for me at the hospital across the street. 

The scan showed that I has massive athrophy in some regions of my brain.  I began to take MTC  I ramped up 25 grams 3 times a day for 3 years, did a lot of walking with intermittent fasting. I got very little relief.  I had a huge diarrhea in front of the family while visiting my daugher. I got mad at myself.  I had a wake up call that I had not done everything like  not try to take more  MTC. I ordered a ketone/glucose monitor, a kitchen scale, and a scale to monitor my weight. I lowered the MTC doses down to 20 grams 3 times a day. I added 1  a week and  I got to 50 grams 2 times a day and a 30 grams at bedtime at the end of 6 months. 

25 gramps 3 times a day of MTC while walking and intermittent  fasting  and low carb diet was not enough.  Taking more MTC was very chalenging and it motivated me for the best food available. Organic grass fed hormone  antibiotic  free  lamb, Buffalo chicken,  goat fatty fish when available products, leafy green organic vegetables and fermented food need time to develop synergy. 

I need help for many things and I must ask for Help.  I must avoid injury to hurt myself or try  do something  that would drain my energy.  Avoid whatever what  can be avoided and hope for the best.  Mr. Cunnane insist on that.
  14. @kenmarriott5772: Too much money and politics in pharmaceuticals keeping us unhealthy.
  15. @FollowScripture: Keep up this great work Doc we are with you
  16. @petercyr3508: So why cant we just say the large human brain requires ketones along with glucose to devlop and be properly fueled. After years and decades of blocking ketone production with a carb heavy diet the result is the full spectrum of mental disease and dementia. In other words blocking ketone production is pathalogical. A carb diet is unnatural for humans.
Its a cruel trick of nature that ketone production is so easily blocked.
  17. @Efro1953: Is keto only for Alzheimer or also for other types of dementia?
  18. @Efro1953: Is keto only for Alzheimer or also for other types of dementia?
  19. @nowhereman8374: Great video, it distresses me to realize the medical establishment is so resistant to change on something so basic as diet. Their opinions stink of money and politics.
  20. @edwinschwank2446: The ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM is that there is NO money in this type of therapy, other than buying some specialized food.  No money to be made....ignore the obvious.  WE are drug oriented and if there isn't a silver pill to take and correct then we simply ignore other potential societal improvements.

- Stephen Cunnane - Cognitive improvement with ketones in mild cognitive impairment.: Kind: captions Language: en perfect good so as Victoria said my presentation is going to be on ketones yeah and are the way we've used them in mild cognitive impairment and the relationship that we see between the cognitive Improvement and uh various forms of multimodal Imaging that help dissect some of the mechanisms that are involved these are my disclosures so when we think about dietary interventions some of you have been discussing I'm sure yesterday and later today um the interventions that are classically now known in in the area of cognition and brain aging which is to say the finger study which was a multimodal of course intervention the Mediterranean diet and the mind which is a form of Mediterranean diet intervention and these approaches have a few points in common uh we're trying to raise B vitamins which are important for uh the brain we're trying to increase omega-3 fatty acids and probably in most cases whether it's intentional or or not but in most cases it's to reduce uh the pressure on on glucose metabolism to reduce the dietary carbohydrate and what I want to add to this mixture this morning is that a ketone strategy uh is definitely in my view important to helping meet the brain's energy needs which are pivotal to optimizing cognitive health during aging so it's a combination of improving structural uh elements within the brain but also meeting the uh deteriorating brain energy condition and this is we're taking the approach with ketones to achieve that so when we think about cognitive issues during aging obviously Alzheimer's disease comes to mind and in the area of the conditions that contribute to developing Alzheimer's disease glucose metabolism in the brain is an early it's a significant and it's a well-known problem this has been known for over 40 years now so these are pet scans of fluorodeoxy glucose uptake so glucose metabolism in the brain and they can be used to calculate that the brain is consuming about 100 to 125 grams of glucose per day in Alzheimer's disease these cross-sectional scans show the parietal lobe with the arrows where there's a definite decrease in glucose uptake at the early stage of Alzheimer's disease the first objective stage of Alzheimer's is called mild cognitive impairment and this problem identified by the arrows here the lower color the greenish colors as opposed to the yellow to Orange indicates a problem with glucose uptake on the order of 10 percent so about 10 to 12 grams of glucose per day is not getting into the brain and in Alzheimer's disease this progresses to above 20 percent and when the disease is moderately Advanced can be on the order of 40 and even 50 percent so this is a major problem with brain function and it has been generally considered to be uh a consequence of the disease and I what I'll be showing you today is that this in fact is contributing to it so our view of this contribution of the energy problem is is basically shown in this slide here what I what the focus of the slide is this vicious cycle between the low brain energy status neuropathology deterioration and cell function cognitive decline lower brain uptake and we go in a vicious cycle but this problem is as I said is is generally attributed to neuropathology getting started first then the cognitive decline and low brain energy status and what I would hope this slide will demonstrate to you is that the problem with brain energy intake is actually present in in those people at risk of Alzheimer's disease long long long before the onset of the cognitive issues so precinilin 1 carriers for instance even in their 30s have lower brain glucose uptake um apoe4 carriers in their 30s women with insulin resistance probably men as well but we've identified this in women as young as 25 years old people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease and indeed in the healthy elderly there's all of them have declining brain glucose uptake before the onset of the cognitive decline so this is a this precedes the issues associated with cognitive decline and we think is contributing to it so the question we asked is what about Ketone uptake because ketones are the brain's alternative fuel to glucose just by way of refresher ketones are derived from dietary dietary or stored fatty acids in the case of the project that I'm going to describe to you we use specifically a medium chain triglyceride that is ketogenic not all medium chain triglycerides are ketogenic the ones we use contain C8 and C10 fatty acids which produce acetoacetate which is an equilibrium in the blood with a D beta-hydroxybutyrate one can purchase now on the internet salts of different ketones and Esters of ketones that are usually in the bit hydroxybutyrate form and will equilibrate with acetoacetate and these will in fact produce some acetone as well the role I want to talk to you about today is ketones is fuels but they are also lipid substrates they're signaling molecules and they have epigenetic effects the method that we developed to assess Ketone metabolism in the brain involves using a ketone pet Tracer acetoacetate labeled with C11 carbon 11. this is a short-lived isotope so we do this injection first we do the scan over 30 minutes with blood sampling there's a washout period so that all the residual radioactivity is uh removed from the body over this period of time and then the fdg pet is done afterwards so this is a a two hour sequence which the person is in the same physiological state in the beginning as at the end so these are directly comparable measurements and usually within a day or two often on the same day we do the anatomical uh functional MRI and diffusion MRI foreign so by way of summary of the data that we have on glucose uptake by the Alzheimer brain versus Ketone uptake CMR is the cerebral metabolic rate glue of glucose AC is acetoacetate this is the the value the values are shown here for the uptake of glucose and ketones before giving a ketogenic MCT drink a single drink then after the mixed C8 and C10 or C8 alone and you can see in this circle that instead of having the yellow to orange color for glucose uptake the parietal lobe in these individuals has is in more like a green color showing the deficit in glucose uptake and it doesn't change when you give the kmct whereas when you look at the Ketone uptake the values are lower throughout the brain because ketones are only contributing about three to five percent of brain energy requirements so these values are totally normal that they would be lower but you can see that the ketones are getting into the brain so this area particularly in the parietal lobe which was defective for glucose uptake there's no problem getting ketones into the brain with either of these ketogenic MCT substrates so the cells in this area that we're struggling to metabolize glucose have no problem metabolizing ketones so schematically the way we visualize this issue is that the brain should be like a hybrid car it should be functioning on two different fuels but in Alzheimer's disease the metabolic switch is defective so it should be functioning about 70 to 95 percent on glucose but the problem exists starting at the beginning of Alzheimer's disease with ketones it should normally be about five percent if you if you do intermittent fasting or on on a low carbohydrate intake then the Ketone contribution will be much higher but there's no decrease in brain Ketone uptake and this has been demonstrated not only in the pet studies that I've just shown you but also in in work that I've just reviewed here and don't have time to discuss with arterial venous difference and gene expression studies as well so three different methods confirm the Ketone uptake by the brain the capacity to take them up is normal in Alzheimer's disease so this ability to switch from glucose to ketones is the challenge that we're trying to overcome by way of summary um the study that we did was called the benefit study and what we showed with this randomized controlled trial is that the ketogenic MCT increased blood and brain ketones the uh this randomized control trial used 30 grams per day of ketogenic MCT or a matching Placebo we fed it for six months we had excellent adherence so 79 percent of people completed the trial in both arms excellent safety profile cardio metabolic safety that is and we showed that we could reduce the brain energy deficit the brain glucose deficit by about 40 percent the MCI were heterogeneous so not all had an amnestic problem but some had other cognitive issues I'm not going to show you the details of the demographics but they were well matched this graph is showing that six months after the start of the study the ability to produce ketones in response to a dose of ketogenic MCT was absolutely intact something that was not known at the time so the body can produce ketones from ketogenic MCT without difficulty under these circumstances and this is increasing the Ketone uptake by about twofold which corrects the glucose deficit in the brain by about 40 percent the cognitive outcomes are obviously of interest in this situation and what we're showing here is that five out of five of the cognitive domains were improved here I'm showing three and we'll show in on the following slides the two other cognitive domains as well processing speed and attention so episodic memory which is uh assessed with the free and queue recall test improved by one word um on the ketogenic MCT group this is the the change in words from pre pre to post-test so zero was the value for the placebo no change a one word Improvement out of 16 on the ketogenic MCT verbal fluency actually went down on on the placebo group and uh improved on the ketogenic MCT Group by a difference of three words and the Boston naming test showed no change on Placebo and a 1.3 word increase on the ketogenic MCT this is with people with 43 people in the placebo group and 39 on the active group I point out that this change in free and Q recall has been reported by people uh other people besides us that um an improvement of this sort should be associated with the delay in the onset of Alzheimer's Disease by one to three years so this is definitely something to be followed up in a longer term study critically for understanding what ketones are doing for cognition is the relationship between the change in cognition shown on the y-axis and the change in ketones shown on the x-axis so these data are for plasma ketones which almost any laboratory can measure I also have the data for the brain but won't be showing them but that's more obviously not available to everyone so I I thought what was most useful would be to show the change in plasma ketones because they're tightly correlated with brain levels of ketones as well so the the ketones increase in the ketogenic MCT group they don't change on average in the placebo group and there's a positive straight line relationship with the Improvement in episodic memory executive function and language clearly these are not outstanding correlations but they are present and this is a pre-post difference so it's actually fairly impressive to see and there's also some people on the ketogenic MCT did not show a significant Improvement in in the Ketone levels in the plasma so this level of ketones uh produced by 30 grams per day is is having some benefit in some people but perhaps it will be possible to improve on the ketogenic efficacy of this type of treatment in future turning to the other two cognitive domains what we see uh for one with processing speed is that this is a map of of the tracks the white matter tracks in the brain and the uptake of ketones in them so this has never been shown before but our Imaging colleagues have been able to actually measure the Ketone uptake and the fluorodeoxy glucose uptake in these tracks it's a modest level in this blue-green color in the tracks before giving the ketogenic MCT and afterwards you can see that they light up and the color goes up to to Yellow to Orange especially where the tracks enter the gray matter so this is demonstrating that the white matter tracks are biologically active energetically active and can consume ketones in this situation and when we look at the relationship between the the uptake of ketones in these various tracks and the change in processing speed we can see that there's these bars are showing the correlation coefficient between these two parameters the tracked Ketone uptake versus the processing speed the ability the speed at which people process information and in the overall white matter we see a correlation of better than 0.5 and in some of these tracks it's upwards of 0.6 with the important exception of the posterior cingulate which is clearly an important area in the brain for the progression of cognitive issues towards Alzheimer's disease in which we don't see such a strong correlation at all so these uh air these tracks are mapped in this glass brain and these are areas that are all affected in Alzheimer's disease and we're seeing essentially an improvement in myelin integrity in these tracks by the presence of ketones and it's directly related to the Improvement in processing speed and using functional MRI we've been able to demonstrate that in one of the networks we assessed eight networks including the default mode Network and in only one of them was a significant relationship between functional connectivity and brain Ketone uptake and that was in the dorsal attention Network which is mapped here to this area in red here and and here superimposed on the Ketone uptake in the brain again this is the first time that anyone as far as we know has attempted to relate the functional connectivity in a particular Network to the energy metabolism in that Network and we're seeing here a strong correlation between the functional connectivity in the dorsal attention Network and the uptake of ketones in that same network and when we look at Again The Fifth Dimension of of of cognition the attention and processing speed this is the Z score for tests that involve attention and processing speed and more specifically the TMT or the trail making test both the visual scanning speed and the number sequencing and in all three cases we see a strong positive correlationship with the z-score or a strong negative correlation with the processing speed so time is going down that's an improvement in the in the trail making test in relation to the functional connectivity so there's a relationship between the functional connectivity the Improvement in cognition in in relation to attention and the availability of ketones or the improved energy status of the brain so if we come back to the schematic I was showing you earlier about this vicious cycle just to remind you that the chronic brain energy deficit seems to be fed by a pre-symptomatic glucose problem we don't know yet the relationship with the brain pathology but I'll show you what we have learned uh recently and in the next slide and this is the Vicious Cycle that we envisage that we're trying to break up in terms of neuropathology we've recently had the Zetterberg lab which is one of the key reference labs in the world measure the plasma biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease neuropathology in this study the benefit trial and as you can see quickly there's no change in the phosphatal 231 the phosphatal 181 the beta amyloid 40 or 42 the gliofibrillary acidic protein or the neurofilament light these are the main markers that can be measured in blood there's usually a correlation between the presence of these markers and the progression of the disease and we're seeing that there is no change in the neuropathology by this indirect measure after having given a ketogenic MCT or the placebo in mild cognitive impairment so in this schematic what we're showing with the Ketone treatment is that we're improving brain energy status so we're helping to reduce the impact of brain glucose hyper metabolism on the brain we're in definitely improving functional connectivity and probably white matter Integrity in the brain we don't know whether there's actually been any change in the neuropathology by the indirect measure of plasma that doesn't seem to be the case and we're by this approach uh we're in reducing the impact on the cognitive domain so improved cognitive function and we seem to be reducing therefore the impact on deteriorating brain energy metabolism we don't know yet whether we've actually delayed the progression of the disease it's going to take a longer term trial but it looks like we're inhibiting this vicious cycle so but what is the context then of nutritional ketosis as a lifestyle intervention I mentioned that we've used ketogenic MCT you can also use salts or Esters as different forms of supplements they haven't been shown yet to improve cognition in any type of long-term study in the elderly but this is going to come it's going to take a placebo treatment which at the moment I'm not aware of any placebos for these for these types of supplements I think the Ketone supplements are a contribution I think we can also improve some of the issues associated with metabolic dysregulation by some carbohydrate restriction I'm going to show you on the next slide that this is an approach that I think can be beneficial it's also complementary with exercise which is improving brain derived neural growth factor and is also improving Ketone uptake so these are complementary and there may be other non-pharmacological or pharmacological interventions of which ketones can contribute to improving brain energy status on helpfully hopefully slowing down the progression of this disease so by way of a final data slide and very preliminary data at this point what we're mapping here over 24 hours is bringing is is blood glucose with continuous glucose monitoring and the intervention was a 50 reduction in dietary carbohydrate which improved post-grandial glucose in nursing home residents so this is a captive population that is clearly vulnerable to cognitive issues is presumably consuming a higher glucose than it should they should be and this is a one-week intervention just initially to try and assess feasibility so we didn't change the brain the the breakfast glucose load we did reduce glucose and carbohydrate rather at lunch and we reduced it at supper we didn't change the area under the curve of postprandial glucose at lunch with this reduction carbohydrate but we did reduce the postprandial glucose with a with the reduced carbohydrate at supper so and we also reduce the excursions of glucose all during the night so this is just a one-week intervention it obviously needs to be done over a longer period of time and in more than four people but it is possible to reduce use glucose excursions and improve glucose tolerance in nursing home residents and we're going to try to see whether we can have an impact on cognition over uh in in the in the future so by way of summary what we're talking about here is brain energy rescue with ketones we think it's a key important component of cognitive health during aging I hope I've convinced you that brain glucose deficit is a specific problem related to glucosine is not a global problem of energy metabolism and that it contributes to the risk of Alzheimer's disease and a vicious cycle and that there's normal brain glucose uptake has been demonstrated independently in by three different methods which I haven't had the time to mention but this is now a robust observation ketones can improve cognition and Mild cognitive impairment and in Alzheimer's disease there are multiple studies on this now but most of them are short-term and will need to be extended there may be an indication of an improvement in neuropathology that has been reported two years ago by CSF levels of markers so this needs to be followed up and compared with the plasma values which we don't see any change I think reducing insulin resistance is contributing to bring the problems with brain glucose uptake it's a problem that is independent of age and it is a problem that we absolutely need to address if we want to improve cognitive health during aging so ketones are potentially part of the solution but we need to improve glucose tolerance and perhaps have other interventions as well ultimately larger longer-term rcts are definitely going to be needed so thank you very much and I hope to contribute to the question and answer session at the end of our session thank you and have a good rest of the meeting bye now

- 12 - Dr. Stephen Cunnane - Brain Glucose and Ketone Metabolism in Alzheimer's Disease: Kind: captions Language: en thank skin and good morning everyone it's a great pleasure to be here and I I want to thank the organizers for this invitation and for the for the energy in the in the room and and the progress that we're making this is such an important area and I hope that we can contribute a little this morning Eric and myself to the neurological aspects I've extended the title of my talk from what's in the program to focus on Alzheimer's disease and the implications for treatment we've developed ketone PET imaging and I'm going to tell you a little bit about how we use that to try to establish the potential the therapeutic potential of ketones in this important disease I have some disclosures to mention on the left side as my public and nonprofit funding and you'll notice at the top we were talking about sources of funding some of it's gone from Canada to the US for some of the cancer work well the American Alzheimer Association has supported the trial that I'm going to talk to you about today so it does go both ways and there's some private sector support and following Tim Noakes is experienced that he so eloquently described yesterday I want to mention on the bottom right there that I'm not a physician and I am not providing any medical advice to anyone from this presentation so we were talking a couple of people have referred to Geoff Bullock's Ford and I just wanted to show a picture of it here it's got a bigger reputation than it really is and little do you know that it's actually a Toyota Prius which is dressed up as as a performance car no I'm making allusions to a hybrid cars because I think it's a good analogy for the human brain which is what I want you to think about in terms of its fuel requirements there is an interchange normally between the ketones used by the brain and the glucose used by the brain and this becomes faulty as we get older and I want to tell you a little bit about how we explore that and I want to start with the beginning and the beginning is infant development we've made allusions over the past couple of days to the importance of ketones and starvation which is a secondary benefit of having ketones but in fact the infant brain cannot develop normally without ketones so it's not an alternative fuel it's an essential fuel to supply 20 to 25 percent of the infant's brain energy requirements day-in day-out physiologically it's not a question of caloric restriction or intermittent feeding or whatever you like it's it's a breastfed healthy term infant and part of that ketone supply to the brain is fueling the energy but part second point is supplying carbon to make brain lipids which is in the image there which if any of you do brain imaging you'll realize that's actually a human an adult brain rather that's superimposed on the on a CT of an infant or probably an ultra scan actually and the white part of the image is the white matter and the white matter is made of primarily of lipids that are made from ketones cholesterol long-chain fatty acids the myelin the the sheaths around the axons and the nerves so it's an important anabolic substrate for the developing brain and it's important catabolic or or fuel substrate as well the main source of the carbon to supply the ketones that are constantly coming into the infant during lactation is the medium chain triglycerides that are in milk human milk all mammalian milk that were that we know of contain medium chain fatty acids and in principle mean that the the infants of most are probably all mammals are in fact in mild ketosis during the lactation period the advantage in humans is that some of those medium chain triglycerides end up in in storage fat in the body fat of the infant we are unique as a mammal in having body fat at birth and so this in a way extends the ketogenic state beyond weaning because those MCT can then be used from body fat and I've discussed this in the implications of this for human evolution both in the book that can refer to and in this article in the Journal of human evolution a couple of couple of years ago so I think this the important point I want to make here is that what we're trying to do is recapitulate in the aging brain what the what the newborn brain is used to and thrives on day-in day-out the second I think important point that I want to make is that the fuels that are used by the brain there's two different strategies I notice on my screen that that's partly cut off but I'm glad to see it's not cut off at the top for you so the two strategies are that the glucose gets into the brain because it's pulled into the brain this little stick person is pulling a glucose molecule into the brain which is on the right and that process is a good curse through the glucose transporter and it's driven by a falling glucose in the brain cell that's doing some job communicating with its neighbor so this is a process that's driven by brain activity that's strategy number one it's still supplying most of the of the fuel that the brain is going to use but the alternative strategy is driven by ketones and it's a push strategy so when the ketones go up in the blood on the left they are pushed into the brain and this is the way the brain works all the time if glucose goes down because you've been fasting for 24 hours for argument's sake insulin is down and ketones are being produced and they will go into the brain in relation to the concentration as shown on this slide so this is a compilation of a number of studies which I've compiled in the publication that's noted you'll see on the x-axis the plasma ketones are on a log scale and the fasting indeed goes from the post prandial 2 to 24 hours fasting 40 day fast in which was referred to George Cahill's classic work but there is also a paper published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation on a 60 day fast and obese individuals as well where you got over 10 millimolar beta-hydroxybutyrate in the blood and you're supplying as you can see on the y-axis on the right hand side about 85 to 90 percent of the brain's energy requirements obviously it's an extreme situation a non physiological situation probably ethically impossible to do today all I'm using it for is to make to demonstrate the principle that as ketones become available in the blood under these circumstances they will be used by the brain so there's a linear relationship for over a six hundred fold range at least which is an extraordinary extraordinarily efficient way of providing a backup fuel for the brain the third point I want to make is that glucose is the main fuel of the brain under most circumstances except under extreme fasting but it's not the preferred fuel so there's a difference between the main fuel and the preferred fuel and this is an example of a study that we did with the PET scan I'll show you how we did the pet in a minute but I wanted to set the stage for the Alzheimer studies with these couple of preliminary points so on the x-axis you can see a change in brain ketone uptake caused by the ketogenic diet so these are Delta values they are increasing amounts of brain ketone uptake compared to the pre ketogenic diet stage and on the y-axis is the glucose uptake which goes down in proportion to the increase in gluten ketone supply so glucose uptake is going down when there's sufficient ketones around to go into the brain so this is an inverse relationship and it's why I refer to ketones as being the preferred fuel we're not the first people to have shown this and there's a very useful glucose sparing effect that in fact occurs on the ketogenic diet so the context for this in relation to aging and Alzheimer's disease is show by these two little arrows and if you look at the two scans you can see that the one where the arrows are as basically missing the orange to red color over the ears the parietal lobes this is a classic image of what one sees in Alzheimer's disease and it's been known since the dawn of PET scans in the late 70s the interpretation has almost always been well the brain cells are dying in Alzheimer's disease so they don't need glucose so the glucose uptake goes down and that's a logical interpretation except for for two points that I want to make the first point and it's in this concept that we've developed over the past couple of years along with some other people around the world is that in fact the glucose problem is specific to glucose and it precedes the cognitive deficit in Alzheimer's disease so how do we how do we know that what we're talking about is still the this the definition of the glucose deficit is defined by the PET scans where the color the reddish color is is declining and that's showing lower glucose uptake in in in the brain in the yellow box there are five categories of people with pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism and they're all categories of individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease who are they older people people with insulin resistance independent of age people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease people with that are a belief for carriers and the priest nil and mutation so those are very different groups of people they've all been identified as having a risk of Alzheimer's an elevated risk of Alzheimer's disease and they all have pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism so this cannot just be a consequence of the disease they don't yet have the disease they're all cognitively normal they're at risk but they are still cognitively normal when the PET scans have been done I haven't given you the citations I'll be happy to if you look up our work all this work has been referenced and it's been done by by other oops so the way we look at this now is that this latent glucose hypometabolism is in fact helping precipitate the neuropathology associated with Alzheimer's disease deterioration of synapses and deterioration and brain function which is associated with cognitive decline and which is going to push down the glucose metabolism further and is going to create a vicious cycle of brain energy exhaustion and progression of the disease so we could argue about whether the neuropathology comes before the latent glucose hyper metabolism but we have a way of assessing this and saying if there are two fuels that the brain can use what about brain ketone uptake in people at risk with Alzheimer's disease or at risk of Alzheimer's disease if it's the same pattern as it is with glucose and we know the neurons completely screwed up or the astrocyte because it's a different transporter mechanism it's a different access point to the krebs cycle it's a different pathway until you get to the common the common pathway so let's explore bring ketone uptake in these conditions so how do you do that you do what we've called dual tracer quantitative PET imaging and the protocol is shown here we do a PET image with a ketone tracer which is acetoacetate carbon 11 labeled short half-life so we have time to collect the image before the radioactivity is decayed away completely and then you have a washout period and then you do the classical pet FDG scan on the same individual on the same afternoon they're in the same physiological state so the images are quite comparable you can do this qualitatively with that well I think Parker referred to SUV's standardized uptake values it's a relative measure but it's not good enough if you're trying to figure out what the problem with glucose is the extent of the problem what your therapeutic target with ketones is you need to quantify these scans and in order to do that you need blood samples and you also need an mo our image to localize the pet image and get the exact information about what regions are affected and what the extent of the glucose problem is so this is what the scan is you can see the references we've published a few papers now we've studied over 300 people using this methodology and the units are classically known as CMR units cerebral metabolic rate is a quantitative value with micro moles per hundred grams per minute and there are basically two units to this calculation one is an uptake rate constant K which is taken from the PET scan and the other is the plasma ketone value and as many of you know now plasma ketones can vary a lot if you're on a ketogenic diet or if you're on a ketogenic supplement so there's the results become fairly noisy but the uptake rate constant is actually a fairly tight value depending on the conditions so if we look at the people that are of most interest during brain aging and Alzheimer's disease the CTL or cognitively normal healthy older people age matched to the MCI which is mild cognitive impairment and AD Alzheimer's and we've got about 20 people per group in this project and these are the K values this is the capacity of the brain to take up the ketones it's kind of like how many doors are open if someone calls fire here if there's only two doors that open we're gonna back up before we can get through every one through the doorways if four doors open or six doors open that's a larger K value in the analogy of a fire and trying to escape and as you can see here with glucose the capacity of the brain to use glucose is higher in the areas where the red and orange colors are shown on the brain and as you go towards Alzheimer you can see there's a virtual disappearance of the red orange and the green is more predominant so the capacity of the brain to use glucose decreases in Alzheimer's disease and this has been established for many many years if we look at the ketone uptaken exactly the same individuals you can see that the green color in fact the capacity is lower than it is for glucose under the normal circumstances but it if anything actually increases as you get towards Alzheimer's disease there is no loss of the capacity to transport ketones into the brain it's the same cells so they can't be dead because this is an active transport mediated process so this is encouraging us to believe that we could use the normal brain ketone uptake capacity to in fact bypass the glucose deficit and potentially have an impact on cognitive function so the issue then is well that's basil basil uptake rates what about uptake rates when you provide a ketogenic substrate simple way of doing this is with an MC t a medium chain triglyceride we arbitrarily hit on a dose of 30 grams a day we did this over one month and this rather busy looking slide is basically showing you that the plasma values are on the on the x axis and the star and triangle are before they start the treatment so the values are lower around 0.35 point for total ketones when they go on either of these two MC t supplements we basically double the plasma levels and the brain values are shown on the y axis and you can see that we've doubled the brain uptake on the y axis the key values are in the background the dotted line is what the reference value the slope of the line that we would ideally like to see that has been shown in our studies with young healthy adults and basically they're identical statistically identical slopes for the Alzheimer patients if we were to extend these plasma values to much much higher values we might see that the slope of this this line connecting the the blue triangles the green triangles might drift off but it's very close to what it should be so this suggests that the brain can use additional ketones in Alzheimer's disease when you provide them so the important thing then is well what happens to memory and cognition and we've done a study in mild cognitive impairment we call it the benefit trial which was brain energy functional imaging and cognition and the cognitive outcomes are summarized on this slide this study was designed and powered for the metabolic outcomes is the capacity to use ketones normal in mild cognitive impairment and the answer is yes it's the same results as we just as I just showed you for Alzheimer's disease but we still have 19 or 20 people per group and we had a placebo control on this so we have cognitive results and you can see that there are several domains of cognitive function that improve particularly episodic memory but also processing speed and language that do not improve on the placebo so this is encouraging but it's not definitive because the clinical effect with a cognitive outcome would require probably closer to 100 people per group importantly though with the brain ketone pet we can show that there's a statistically significant positive relationship between the plasma levels or the brain ketone uptake and the outcomes on cognitive function this is one example with the with the quite commonly used trail making test within which there was a positive effect in mild cognitive impairment and you can see that there's a linear positive relationship in relation to the brain ketone uptake but it's also clear that the placebo group and the active group are not well separated here at all so the ketone effect of the MCT does not really pull them separate them from the placebo group at 30 grams a day which I don't have on the slide I see but that's that's the dose we use for six months so that's something that we now realize is helping us set a therapeutic target we arbitrarily started with 30 grams a day which was close to the upper tolerable limit we thought with the formulation that we had and we were trying to demonstrate a metabolic effect and we've seen that metabolic effect but now if we expect to see a cognitive effect we're going to have to increase the brain ketones supply a little more still the trend is there and as the yellow box says several other of these correlations were also positive but I don't have time to show them to you so again proof of principle suggests that you can achieve a metabolic rescue of the brain and that the rescue is going to have a functional effect that is gonna correlate with the level of ketones achieved both in the blood and in the brain so we look at this now in terms of the green band in the middle here what is the the energy rescue or the the gap in in in energy supply to the brain that we're trying to fill so let me take you through this the bar on the Left here is the young healthy controls and their energy supply is there in the normal group so they're at a hundred percent and their BRE their brain energy is coming as you can see in the table at the bottom about 95 percent from glucose and about 5% from ketones using the dual tracer ketone pad imaging so that's the young healthy controls older healthy controls we've got about 30 people in that group and you can see that the total height of the bar is lower the ketone contribution is a bit lower it's not that the K value for the ability to take up the ketones goes down but in fact plasma ketones drift downwards as you get older so their contribution to brain energy metabolism goes down but it's glucose that is going down in principle here mostly from 95 percent contribution to about 89 percent but they're all cognitively normal still then you go to MCI which is the middle bar and the the value has gone down a little further so there's a still a significant drop in glucose although the ketone uptake is still the same as it was in the healthy older people then the the second bar from the right is the trial I just mentioned the benefit trial in which the MCI patients were on 30 grams a day of KVM CT and now we've helped to restore them into the closer to the healthy elderly with the ketones which are now contributing twice as much as they were in the healthy elderly but the glucose contribution has not has not been changed by the MCT supplement so this is suggesting to us that if we want to get a more complete reversal of the of the energy deficit we're going to get up meat to get into forty five grams a day roughly speaking and that was going to pit us somewhere between the healthy elderly and the healthy young which seems like a reasonable place to be we might be able to get right up to this 100% value with perhaps with a ketone ester or some other supplement we're still exploring that so this is telling us what our therapeutic target is it's giving us a dose that we should be looking for in order to accomplish this particular goal this is the same slide but it's a little busier now because I've added the Alzheimer's group here so that from the MCI we get a further decline to a value of a deficit of about nineteen percent in early Alzheimer's disease so a person with Alzheimer's diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease day-in day-out is facing a 20% energy deficit in their brain constantly MCT is one way to help correct that as we show you here but you can see that the group next to the Alzheimer group here is an exercise group and in fact exercise helps get glucose in more into the into the brain it also helps get ketones into the brain without a ketogenic supplement at the same time it's helping to increase the K value the number of doors into the brain so exercise is potentially quite complementary with this and we're excited about the potential of that the problem is that it took seven years to get five patients through this protocol so it's it's not easy to get Alzheimer patients to participate in these sorts of projects but the the the proof of a beneficial effect is is there a second Alzheimer group which are basically identical to this one on 30 grams a day is also improving the brain jet energy status but it's not changing glucose so medium chain triglycerides are not affecting glucose exercise is affecting both and I think together we could probably catapult them just over this magical line here so it's kind of exciting to know that we can do some things about the brain energy status in Alzheimer's disease and we need to power studies now for the cognitive outcomes so coming back to that busy slide with the direct line relationship between in normal young adults who have been starved or or not that's the black line that's shown here and what I'm showing next to it is the uptake not of beta-hydroxybutyrate which is the black line but the dotted line which is acetoacetate and I've put the Alzheimer patients on there I've put our healthy older controls on there and I put the ketogenic diet on there and they're all in the same linear relationship so it's very achievable people who are on a ketogenic diet are probably at least at 1 millimolar ketones in the blood and this should be really helping to stave off if you're in a preventive mode but the glucose deficit in the brain but this is what we imagine is probably the target that we're going to need on a day long basis 24 hours very hard to achieve with a with a medium chain triglyceride supplement but much easier to achieve with a ketogenic diet although compliance is tougher in older people so just to show you what a ketogenic diet does to the brain key to an uptake these are the cerebral metabolic rates for a co acetate and the blue color is in people pre ketogenic diet very low key to an uptake for around 5% and that's what you would see if the blue represents quite a low uptake and then everything basically lights up when you're on a ketogenic diet so those of you that are on a ketogenic diet you can see how your brain is it loves loves the ketones and in fact the ketogenic diet is actually increasing the total supply to energy of the brain this is on a normal adult where there's 5% ketones 95% glucose around 100% of two different control groups here for reasons that I don't need to explain that both about a hundred but in fact you can get to 113 percent or so on a ketogenic diet there's more energy getting into your brain on a ketogenic diet than there is on on a typical Western diet so there's not just the therapeutic effect but potentially a cognitive benefit in those that that are not facing aging associated cognitive decline so to summarize I just want to come back to this image and say that those arrows are definitely a consequence of the disease but they're also contributing to the disease they are present the arrows are present before the disease starts and it's a glucose specific problem that brain ketone brain energy rescue by ketones is definitely feasible in mild cognitive impairment it's feasible in Alzheimer's disease what we're trying to do is basically let the brain have the luxury of thriving in a fuel environment that it was that you were born into and the fourth point is that the cognitive benefits still need to be better defined as well as the mechanism mechanism of action we don't know if it's as we alluded to earlier today we don't know if it's just a fuel effect or whether there's some signaling effects whether the some anti-inflammatory effects whether they're even affecting the pathology in the brain in this situation so I want to finish by thanking a terrific group of collaborators and and members of my lab and thank you for your attention [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenDBerryMD [4 likes]: Excellent presentation! Brains need ketones
  2. @LuluBowenTarot [1 likes]: I don't know if anyone can answer this question, or can point me in the right direction.  How does one know how much you're raising ketones by fasting, or is it a supplement one can take.  And which is better?
  3. @wisewomanhealingco [1 likes]: It's annoying that he has to do his little 'medical disclaimer' at the beginning of his speech to appease the medical bullies.
  4. @lightnic: nicde
  5. @AlanWil2: Awesome!!!
  6. @AngelaAStantonPhD: Excellent information. Thank you!

- Pondering Ketones, Brain Aging, and Alzheimer’s Disease with Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en this is brain ponderings with mark matson conversations with scientists at the forefront of brain research [Music] so today the returning guest is stephen kunan of the university of sherbrooke up montreal outside montreal and he's as you heard in the last podcast uh some of his early work and still continuing interest is nutrition and brain development and evolution but more recently he's really focused a lot on the other end of life on aging and cognitive cognition during aging and there's quite a bit of evidence that we'll talk about that in the brain during aging nerve cells start having problems using glucose as their energy source but they may still be able to use ketones so this conversation is going to focus a lot on ketones and and the energy provision and metabolism and the mitochondria of nerve cells and why that seems to be so important so stephen why don't you go ahead and uh talk about what led your you know your early interest in evolution kind of led to your interest in fats and ketones i think and what got you interested in aging well thanks mark for uh having the uh and this discussion um as as i mentioned in the previous uh talk my interest in brain develop ketones and brain development led to working in aging because i was offered an opportunity i was offered i was recruited to the university of sherbrooke uh with what's called a canada research chair which is like a national scholarship and the the big advantage of coming to sherbrooke was that we could develop ketone pet imaging sherbert has an excellent imaging center for all the modalities of imaging and they were very enthusiastic about helping us look into ketone metabolism in the brain the context had to shift to aging because they just didn't have the support for pediatric research that would that would have initially interested me but i i figured that the the issues facing the brain during early development and during aging empirically seemed to me to be similar and so and i was aware that there was a problem with glucose metabolism in alzheimer's disease so i said let's let's explore this and let's compare the two main fuels of the brain and it's been a very interesting ride and over the past uh well 20 years next year yeah so we've known for a long time brain cells have trouble using glucose now in alzheimer's and and also in mild cognitive impairment which occurs in unfortunately a lot of people during aging and can cause some problems in their life and that was based on the the pet imaging with radio labeled uh 2-deoxy glucose or or other molecules right and now the question there is in in alzheimer's there's once someone's symptomatic there's some cell death that's occurred you know so you might think well yeah nerve cells have died so you're seeing less accumulation and of the radiolabel glucose in those brain regions because there's fewer cells to accumulate but then you start looking at ketones so i i i there's two there's two aspects to this story you're absolutely right mark and it's it's totally logical if the cells are becoming dysfunctional and dying they're going to use less fuel so the question then became well what happens early in the disease before the symptoms what happens with normal aging for instance cognitively normal people yeah and in fact there's already a literature and we've contributed to it that cognitively normal aging people of 75 years old with a normal cognitive performance score still have about a 10 percent decline in brain glucose uptake typically in the frontal lobe the problem in alzheimer's disease is in the parietal lobe so it's it's not the same region but there's some sort of challenge to glucose utilization in the brain as we get older in the healthiest elderly people we could find but this told us that the glucose problem could not just be a consequence of cell death because at least the degree of cell death was not influencing their cognition in our healthy elderly population and the second question was well what about ketone metabolism ketones can supply the majority of brain fuel under certain circumstances and nothing was known and clearly if the pattern was the same whether in normal aging or in alzheimer's disease as it was for glucose while there would be not much we could do in terms of an alternative fuel to supply the brain and the the really exciting part was that we could not see any evidence for a problem with with a change in ketone metabolism in also in in healthy elderly mci or in even moderately advanced alzheimer's disease we haven't studied the severe cases so there could well be a problem with ketone metabolism in in advanced alzheimer's disease but not in the early stages now there are a lot of changes that are occurring throughout the cells throughout the body and brain during normal aging and one of them is the accumulation of damage to molecules mostly by free radicals and the main source of free radicals in cells including neurons is a mitochondria there's a free radical called superoxide radical that uh when oxygen is used to an electron transport chain process it's a there's a free radical produced and that's normally removed there are enzymes in the in the mitochondria they're called superoxide dismutases there are other antioxidant enzymes in the cells so during aging there may be problems with the mitochondria producing more free radicals there may be problems in ability to remove the free radicals but there's clearly increased accumulation of damage to dna proteins and we did some work a long time ago this in cultured nerve cells and we put them under conditions that have some relevance to aging and alzheimer's disease we can impose an increase in free radical production in the cells various ways including by exposing to this aggregating amyloid beta peptide that accumulates and we found that that um when we expose them to oxidative stress there's imperability for the neurons to take up glucose and it's normally taken into the neurons by a membrane protein called a glucose transporter and so the the function of that glucose transporter seems to be compromised apparently the the function of the and we actually haven't looked at this the function of the transporter that transports the ketones into the cells which is called a monocarboxylic acid transporter mct and a little bit you may talk about a different mct well with that um same acronym is used but you know we're trying we're trying to figure out you know i guess what i'm throwing out there is why glucose and not ketones in terms of is it that are not getting the glucose which seems uh they're not getting the ketones they're not getting into them or are the key are the is the glucose getting into the neurons and somehow not being utilized well you're right of course that mitochondria are the main generator of free radicals and mitochondria are certainly becoming damaged as we get older so the risk of generating more oxidative stress in the brain goes up with age that that i think is incontr incontrovertible glucose i think per mole produces more free radicals than ketones do yeah um so there would be an advantage teleologically to if you had the choice and the brain as you know uh sort of has a metabolic switch which we might talk about and we'll utilize both of these fuels depending on when they're available if the ketones are never available then the brain is forced to use glucose one way it might protect itself is to try to reduce the glucose consumption and and that's going to cost you brain function at some point but it's going to help reduce the the oxidative stress associated with glucose metabolism and damaged so these are these are speculative points of course but even if you are even if the brain is presented with lots of ketones as an alternative it still requires the mitochondria to produce the atp so there's still going to be some oxidative stress that's that's unavoidable it might be less per gram of fuel consumed but it's still going to be present so i guess the question is how how fast can the system cope with these free radicals how much how how easily can it quench these free radicals through super oxide dismutase glutathione peroxidase and on all the others that i don't know honestly a great deal about and and the evidence seems to suggest that the ketones are helping to to support that quenching system perhaps better than glucose perhaps not but their presence doesn't seem to make the problem worse and so um that's that seems to be the difference you still need the mitochondria whichever fuel you use there's another really important aspect that emerged with the ketones which is in contrast to glucose so ketones can be a really good fuel for cells but they also have signaling functions they actually affect the expression of genes they can turn on certain genes which i think is really fascinating uh from a lot of perspectives evolutionarily for example as you know we did a lot of work on fasting effects of fasting on the brain trying to understand what's going on in the nerve cells and um for example you probably know eric burton yes yes he he did a lot of and still doing some work showing that the ketones beta hydroxybutyrate he focused a lot and we have too i guess we should point that out there there are two during fasting uh fats triglycerides triglycerides in in your fat cells are uh released into are actually broken down into smaller fats called fatty acids and those are released into the blood they go into the liver they're actively moved into the liver and they these fatty acids are the precursors to the ketones that are used for energy and the two ketones that are used for energy are the one you've used to make your radio tracer acetoacetate and then beta hydroxybutyrate so both of those can be used as fuels what eric burton showed was that these ketones can affect certain proteins in the nucleus that control gene expression they're called histones and um actually we had a i had a recent podcast with eric nessler on on the regulation of gene expression by these molecules are called chromatin and these histones and so on then picking up on eric's work who hadn't done much work in the brain since we're working on the brain we focused on neurons and we found that beta-hydroxybutyrate stimulates the production of a nerve cell growth factor called bdnf brain derived neurotrophic factor and so that's very interesting the glucose as far as i know there's no such signaling functions for you know so in addition to the being really good source of energy generating fewer free radicals with ketones compared to glucose the ketones have these additional functions that i think have something to do with evolution that the ketones are up in a kind of survival life or death situation where an animal hasn't been able to obtain food and you know their energy reserves are getting lower their brain has to be working well and probably somewhere in evolution this of course by random mutation you have something some mutation that made the protein be affected by ketones and then the signaling so i think that's kind of a fascinating aspect of the ketones as well absolutely if anything glucose has a destructive effect on proteins because by by glycosylation glycated uh hemoglobin for instance is is a signal of a serious problem with insulin regulation so yeah it does attach to proteins but not necessarily for a beneficial outcome um and i think that you you allude to an aspect of ketones that that goes beyond the fuel use for sure um goes beyond their effect in the immune system which might be helping to control uh the free radicals the inflammasome and that sort of area and alludes to something that's probably important during early development and and comes back to haunt us during aging if we if we don't have the supply of ketones which is this regulation of gene expression which i'm sure is important part of their role during early brain development and getting sort of in the infant brain on the right track in the first couple years of life and so in some ways what we're trying to do with ketones as therapeutics uh in aging is to try to mimic the the conditions that were present during early development and hopefully we're seeing some beneficial outcomes so i think there's all of those elements come together it's not just a simple question of fuel uh i guess it's been a couple years ago now you were the lead author and and kind of organized this review article for one of the nature journals on brain energy rescue can you take some time to kind of give the highlights of of that there's a lot of information in there but can you try to distill it down kind of the key points why it's not just alzheimer's disease it turns out this energy failure or problems with neurons getting enough energy applies to other neurological disorders absolutely so it's a broad field and there's about 26 authors of whom i think you're also one of the mark so this was a gathering of people in one place at a small meeting for two days um and and it covered a lot of ground those 26 authors all contributed to the paper so i don't have all the details at my fingertips um but but the point was uh to what extent uh do we see an issue with energy metabolism during brain aging that contributes to neurodegenerative disorders of various sorts i think in alzheimer's disease we've certainly made some progress in that area and others have confirmed the sort of results that we've seen with pet imaging by the way and with gene expression analysis showing that there's a problem with glucose metabolism in in as alzheimer's disease gets started but there seems to be much less of a problem with ketone metabolism and essentially the same idea applies in parkinson's disease and hunting disease huntington and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis with the exception that there's essentially to my knowledge no no studies of brain keto metabolism in those disorders yet so people have established problems with glucose metabolism with pet imaging um and they've made some attempts to develop clinical trials some of which have been open trials of shorter or longer duration some of which are pilot trials they've been published but you know there's some with a ketogenic diet some of the ketogenic supplements some in in the animal models there's a lot of animal models of these disorders uh and so the momentum suggests to us at least those that were authors on this paper that there's more work that can be done and this is an encouraging field that that is going to develop and but it still requires a lot of work yeah it's going to require some pet imaging that gets established elsewhere we're in a small city here in sherbrooke and and we certainly even if we had limitless budget we wouldn't be able to do a lot of work on these other disorders as well so other people hopefully will set this technique up the animal models are interesting but as uh it's it's often hard to get translation from uh animal models to human disease so the clinical trials are important and and these disorders um being cognitive having a cognitive and behavioral component most of them um there's a subjective element to evaluating the degree of the disease has advanced and the importance of that is that in order to test whether something is working the patient needs to be blinded the tester needs to be blinded and it implies having a placebo as well and placebo effects are important i was just met with someone a couple of days ago who's got parkinson's disease and it's the disease with in which he claims at least that the placebo effect is the strongest so that's an obvious question of how do you overcome a strong placebo effect i'm pleased that there there's things that you can suggest to someone with parkinson's that will help elevate their mood and perhaps calm their symptoms for some period of time but in the end the credibility of research in this field or with any therapeutic in these disorders is going to depend on having access to good placebos and controlled trials and and that is something that i hope will develop over the next decade or so and they have biomarkers which in theory you know the the pet imaging with uh that you're doing could be used as a biomarker that you would intuitively think would be less subject to a placebo okay absolutely yeah and it's a technique for the glucose for the for the fluorodeoxyglucose trace for the pet pet centers all across the world there's there's thousands of those images being acquired every day so that's part of it establishing where in fact is the problem in amiotrophic lateral sclerosis for instance can we pinpoint it can we assess its magnitude because 98 of of pet imaging today is done with an analysis that is called statistical parametric mapping which means you get a a color difference let's say this area is affected instead of being the orange to red color with the with the glucose really lighting up it's yellow or or maybe green so you can visually see that pattern extremely easily the question is what is the magnitude of that problem statistically it's clearly present and but without getting blood samples to evaluate the actual uptake of the tracer it's very difficult to know whether that's a five percent difference a ten percent difference a twenty percent difference so what is what amount of material are we going to need to compensate for that low glucose we now know what that number is in alzheimer's in fact we've known about it for some time because originally pet imaging was always done in a sort of quantitative way until the um the uh the software was developed to make it a little simpler but it made it a relative measure instead of an absolute measure we didn't need the blood samples which was easier on the patients and easier on the clinicians working with them but in the end we lose that critical piece of information yeah so we need to keep in mind that that's part of of solving the problem is figuring out the amplitude of it the magnitude of the problem and and having the placebo for the clinical studies uh like like we've been able to do but it's gonna come i think that there's so much momentum there's so much enthusiasm there's products available now that five years ago didn't exist so i think the opportunity is there and and we need to seize it yeah and i agree the the other like parkinson's disease for example which is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder there's actually kind of very compelling evidence that there's mitochondrial problems in parkinson's and that's because genes have been identified in which mutations cause early onset inherited parkinson's disease and all of those it turns out essentially all of the now there's more than i don't know there's seven or eight genes they all have something to do with mitochondria and or the removal of dysfunctional mitochondria that the process called mitophagy where the cell recognizes that this mitochondria isn't working well it's generating a lot of free radicals and this cell this moves that dysfunctional mitochondria to uh essentially an acid bath called the lysosome in a process called autophagy boy i i would expect that uh yeah that should be the next yeah i don't know who who's going to do it with the with the ketones and glucose except for you nobody else is doing this right well we're doing a pilot trial actually right now in parkinson's patients we've got three people enrolled and it's to look at a ketone salt with exercise during a two-month intervention can we in fact change the symptoms and can we see whether the combination of exercise with the ketone supplement increases the availability of ketones to the brain because exercise alone increases ketone transport into the brain in alzheimer's disease i presume it's we're going to see the same thing in parkinson's but perhaps not that's why we're doing it so yes we are looking at it but it's a it's only a pilot trial it won't show anything convincing about the the clinical symptoms but you know it's leading in the right direction i think the question of the mitochondria and the replacement of mitochondria i mean it's it's a very interesting process because they're produced in the cell body but they have to go all the way down to the other end of the cell to the business end where the synapses are talking to each other and generating this chemical bridge between between the synapses on on the cell sending the message and the cell receiving it that's where the mitochondria are dense that's where they're getting destroyed they have to be shipped back to get rid of them and the new ones have to be shipped down so the the what's called the axonal integrity the myelin integrity is is a critical function i think of of that processing of mitochondria and we've seen on imaging that the the myelin is actually more has a higher integrity seems to be more intact which i've no doubt has some role to play in the process of having better cognition in mci and probably related to generating more effective destroying the mitochondria that are failing more more quickly and and getting new ones in to replace them that whole process of mitochondrial biogenesis i i'm speculating is improved because the axons are more functional than they were beforehand there's a lot of evidence that that mitochondrial biogenesis has improved in response to exercise in in muscle cells that's this fully 100 percent established we had some evidence that's also true in neurons in the brain so you said that the exercise increased the ketone movement into the brain is that a sustained effect after the exercise you probably don't like really have a i don't know how long it lasts mark we we have we do the the pet at the beginning of the trial so we know their baseline values they they did the exercise three days a week for uh two months yeah and then we did it sort of they did their last day of exercise today and they had the pet scan today and we see the difference we never expected to see an increase in brain transport so the capacity of the brain to take up the ketones goes up the capacity to take up the glucose doesn't change so there's a net benefit and we were thinking well that would make that would be wonderful to have more supply of of ketones plus better transport should give us a stronger effect uh overall so that's something that's improving i guess the activity of the monocarboxylic acid transporter has increased some something suggests that but if you know pet imaging is indirect it gives you an instant image of what's going on but it doesn't tell you why or how yeah yeah and those the people in this study they were eating diets that had carbs they weren't on ketogenic diets right no they were on a normal diet uh they just had uh in that case it was a medium chain triglyceride supplement that we were providing it was i think it was 20 grams per day okay and can you can you describe the i said go over all the studies you've done so far with the medium chain triglycerides and any other you mentioned the ketone salt go back in time to your your first studies i think was it in people with mild well our first studies were in in healthy elderly the first question i we asked even before the pet imaging was set up was does a person of 70 or 75 years old are they capable of producing ketones normally like a younger adult would because if that capacity is in some way impaired then the rest of it is in some way futile it's it's all very well to show that the brain could potentially use them but if they can't produce enough ketones in response at the time to to mct to medium chain triglyceride then we've got an obstacle in the process of generating ketones that we might get around with intermittent fasting but we'll need a different strategy and the answer is that with with medium chain triglyceride the capacity to produce ketones was was identical that was around the year 2005-6 there were no ketone salts there were no ketone esters and they weren't for another decade or so so uh once we realized that mct were beneficial medium chain triglyceride we started to look at these side effects because they they do cause gastrointestinal discomfort and a dose of 30 or 40 grams at one time in a spoon will often give you diarrhea so the question was how do we mitigate the side effects because that as well is going to be important if you're going to do an extended trial it's not a one day trial where it doesn't really matter in a sense if you've had diarrhea after one day but to keep people on it for for six months you have to avoid those issues so there's a lot of logistical things that don't have much to do with the science of the project but more the the logistics and and the food science how do you make an emulsion of mct we had no real idea we're not food chemists but we played with me with um with skim milk lactose free skim milk which is actually quite a good emulsifier and that became what we used in our first trial which is the only one we've reported so far it was started in 2015 and again i guess the salts might have been coming on the market at that time but there were no placebos which was an issue we knew we had to face um so uh again it's all very well to have a nice supplement but if you don't have a placebo it really is not going to be treated seriously by your peers and the scientific community when you try to report effects on cognition so we uh we worked with an mct and we were able to use sort of a high oleic acid sunflower oil as our placebo control which was not ketogenic didn't have any omega-3 which could be beneficial didn't have any omega-6 which might be seen as as potentially adverse it's a delicate area to get something that's credible couldn't put any glucose in it maltodextrin's a great source of energy but it would probably cause problems and would be seen as stacking the deck against the placebo so you know just finding the right placebo is actually quite challenging and we overcame that and now that the salts are available there's some advantages the issue then became well what about sodium load because sodium is usually one of the main salts even when they're mixed with calcium salts and magnesium sodium is still and our regulatory agency in canada insisted on having very close monitoring of blood pressure and serum electrolytes to be sure that we are not causing any sodium overload which is the case we've had 18 people complete the trial now and nobody's had a change in blood pressure or a change in serum electrolytes we they were told the participants were told to reduce their sodium consumption with you know sodium rich snacks like potato chips so we've had to be careful to make sure that we're not doing anything stupid i guess in the trial and so far so good can you talk about the concentrations of ketones in the blood and someone who's eating carbs someone who's on a ketogenic diet someone who's taking mct someone who's taking ketone salt um i know with fasting and this goes way back to cahill's work 48 hours of fasting the ketones can get up to say two two to five millimolar and and if you're eating carbs the ketones are really low in fact a lot of times hard to detect with the normal ways of of measuring it so i think it's it's kind of impo of interest to know and you've shown that the the amount of ketones in the blood correlates with the amount of ketones used by neurons in the brain or by cells in the brain so that that's the critical point actually and very encouraging because it's the opposite with glucose so the main fuel of the brain is still glucose and it doesn't matter if you've just had a big bowl of ice cream you're not going to get more glucose into the brain as a result that that's because the brain cells determine their glucose uptake by the rate at which they need fuel to replace the atp whereas the opposite as you just mentioned with ketones the ketone uptake into the brain is not dependent on on the utilization of ketones by the brain it's dependent on the on the supply yeah we call it push pull glucose is pulled into the brain ketones are pushed into the brain and teleologically it makes sense if the ketones are the backup fuel once there's not much glucose you want the reaction of the brain to be instantaneous so that it doesn't go into a fuel crisis or an energy crisis and you you collapse you faint so ketones do rise if you f if you fast or or any form of caloric restriction or energy restriction um so the typical diet whatever that is with three meals a day and and 50 to 60 carbohydrates basically means the ketones are suppressed almost all the time except during the night and even then if you have a snack before going to bed the window of opportunity for ketones to rise is very short so the longer the fast during the day the more the ketones will rise uh and as you mentioned george cahill is the first to put ketones on the map in terms of being the replacement brain fuel people knew at that time that there was something replacing the glucose but they didn't know what it was and he did essentially a 40 40 day fast in in obese people that were under medical supervision not only is that not dangerous but the ketones were supplying uh 60 some percent of the brain's energy requirements in those individuals and it was it was a linear relationship with the blood levels there's a number of different ways you can do this obviously a fast even if you're willing to do it for 40 days at some point you need to break your fast so the question becomes what are you going to replace it by and the advantage of the ketogenic diet is that you you you break the fast in terms of eating but you you don't break it in terms of of stimulating insulin with too much glucose the insulin stays down because there's not much carbs coming in at any point and so the ketogenic diet is a way of sustaining ketosis for an extended period of time it's again it's a question of choice you need to adapt your diet to basically eliminate pasta and rice and potatoes and bread and of course refined sugar so uh there are people that do this on a regular basis and have for and they're they're living well as as those that like you i believe uh practice intermittent fasting it becomes a habit it's like running you're a runner you're a swimmer uh or whatever it is and so it's part of your lifestyle and that's a choice and you make it consciously but it's something you need to be disciplined about as well and and do it in a sustained way something like stopping alcohol if you decide that you're not going to drink alcohol you need to stop or you choose to stop it's not something you can tinker with especially if you've been an alcoholic you can't just have one in beer one day so it's the same frame of mind that i'm doing this for my health and my approach is going to be exercise or it's going to be intermittent fasting or it's going to be the ketogenic diet yeah and i know you you exercise regularly um i'm i'm not too bad i'm not a fanatic but i'm i'm relatively active yeah but you don't eat ketogenic diet no but in in the end so why are we doing this anyway it's not because it's a fad uh it's not because i have intractable epilepsy or a brain tumor where getting ketones up and getting glucose down is essential yeah the goal as we get older in the end is to make sure we get enough fuel getting into our brain to to give the brain the opportunity to keep functioning normally yeah and and the key player between the ketones and the glucose is insulin if we can keep insulin happy whatever technique you choose to use then that's ultimately the goal and and insulin resistance is a big part of the problems associated with cognitive decline my insulin sensitivity is excellent so somehow between what i eat and the frequency of meals by the way because more meals um small of small meals have a small effect on insulin you don't get the big rise in insulin if you eat one meal a day because you're practicing intermittent fasting as a for an example then you're going to get quite an insulin surge at the time of that meal if there's carbohydrate in it and my insulin sensitivity is excellent my blood pressure is good so i'm i'm relatively confident that i'm doing something right and i'm not really sure uh which part of the uh is important it is interesting though with intermittent fasting it and it's been shown in people if you adapt them to intermittent fasting over a period of a month or so their insulin sensitivity improves so even though you know they it kind of makes sense you eat a bigger meal you have a bigger incorrect insulin but the key thing is how well are the cells responding to insulin so that they remove the glucose from the blood quickly so i think this this notion that you should try to avoid big rise in insulin i'm not i'm not convinced of that because i think there's a dissociation between insulin sensitivity there's a nice correlation between how many carb how many carbs calories you eat at one time and how much insulin but that makes sense that makes biological sense so well if the meal that you let's say you eat one meal a day or two meals a day if if you're not eating much refined carbohydrate then immediately there's a less demand for insulin anyway yeah so if you're still eating the veggies and some meat or cheese or fish and whatever your choice is but if if the carb load is relatively limited then then the demand for insulin and yeah i totally agree that that the insulin surge will be better controlled so don't make ice cream your one meal a day because even if it's loaded with vitamins it your insulin is is going to suffer by the way in the context of this i i think it's extremely important i've heard this from a number of people who are are serious about their brain metabolism and are serious about their exercise you can't outrun insulin resistance if you're prone to type 2 diabetes as you get so exercise is important but ultimately as we get older some people are more at risk of rising insulin resistance than others and running alone is not a guarantee that you will control that even if you're a marathon runner people like tim knox for instance who is i think one of the the leading exercise physiologists in our of the past 20 years was struck by this and people like jeff bullock we've talked about this as well on several occasions so eventually you've got to limit carbs or do something about carbohydrate load to put less demand on insulin because exercise alone will not solve that problem yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna have to sweat i probably eat too many carbs i they're all complex carbs i don't need any refined sugar well this the slow release is is ultimately the goal as you know a glycemic index and complex carbs if you know uh if there's soluble fiber there that helps slow down the the uptake of the glucose then you're going to slow down the insulin response and and i think it's it's perfectly manageable yeah now go ahead and talk about you talked about just the one study where you're trying to work out how to to have uh in case of the mct may cause some gi problems and you had to figure out how to prepare it so it didn't and so on and but talk about your work you published on mild cognitive impairment and what you're doing in alzheimer's disease now the the project you're talking about started in 2015 with a with funding from the alzheimer's association of the usa and they uh agreed to fund a project which was a randomized control trial so had a placebo and an active mct drink the one i mentioned that we made out of a skim milk was free skin milk emulsion we had enough funding to do 20 people per group in each of those two groups which was sufficient to look at the metabolic issues in the brain it would we would know whether or not to what extent it was a glucose problem to what extent did the it was was there not a ketone problem to what extent did the mct change the the energy what we call the brain energy gap to how much did we fill that gap because we didn't know we knew the gap was about 10 percent lower glucose but uh we didn't know what percent that of that gap would be filled by the 30 grams per day of mct because the mct produced ketones for a couple hours but they go down again so you've got a little surge now you're going to correct your brain energy gap and then until you have the next dose of mct that gap goes back to where it was after the completion of the trial uh the cognitive results were quite encouraging but we knew they weren't convincing at 20 people per group it's hard to be convincing about memory effects about executive function and so on and at that time we had developed a collaboration with nestle nestle health science in switzerland and they said that they would they offered us the uh the budget to double the sample size because we couldn't go back to the alzheimer's association to to get more funding for this so as the trial the first part of the trial was winding down they agreed to fund an extension of it to double the sample size we didn't do any more imaging because some people sort of declined to participate because of the complexity of the imaging and we said well we've got enough data for the imaging anyway what we need is the cognitive results so we continued to make this exactly the same emulsion as we had done before and we got their numbers up to 40 per group or 39 and 44 actually at the end and that showed compared to placebo that we had a distinct effect in three of the five major cognitive domains memory executive function and language we had the pet imaging to show that there was an effect on global brain energy status and that the improvement in those three areas cognitive areas was directly related to the improvement in energy status so we had a chance to show that there's a mechanistic link between that energy gap and reducing that energy gap and the cognitive benefit with the functional imaging and the diffusion imaging that we did as well the beginning and at the end we demonstrated that with diffusion imaging that the white matter was taking up the ketones as well so it's intuitively obvious the neurons would be as well but the myelin the white matter in fact some of the images were actually surprised to learn that this is a metabolic active tissue these these tracks of white matter are are quite metabolically active not as active as gray matter but they are and they can take up ketones very effectively and the studies show that processing speed your ability to to rapidly treat information that you you making decisions you know do i put on the brakes or not right now how fast you react was directly related to the ketone up taking the white matter specifically but we didn't see that relationship with global ketone uptake in the brain but in a white matter yes so that's the fourth domain and the fifth domain is attention and attention was affected by the functional in the in the imaging the in the network that that sort of uh is is responsible for regulating attention which is called the dorsal attention network and the functional activity in the dorsal attention network was linear related to ketone uptake in that network so we're combining three types of imaging to assess elements that you can't necessarily see globally but once you tease it apart the these relationships show up they're masked they don't appear for the white matter or for the functional connectivity uh unless you have ways of probing those parts of of of the brain specifically so we're pretty excited about this and it led to doing a new study with again funding from the alzheimer's association saying okay well that worked really well you've got cognitive improvement in five areas of the cognitive domains but you've only actually corrected the brain energy deficit by 30 to 35 percent which is not bad but if we had a supplement that allowed us to correct it even more would we see a stronger effect on these cognitive domains this is all in mild cognitive impairment in which the problem is actually fairly small that's what we're doing now we've got a placebo for the ketone salt which is about 30 to 40 percent more generates more ketones in the blood thirty to forty percent more ketones in the blood and we're uh repeating that study right now so this the salt is coming from nestle health science and the funding from uh from the alzheimer's association and that project is about almost halfway through now um so we're you know gotta wait till the end to see what the cognitive results are but uh it's late late in next year in 2023 we should have some results the late richard beach drew my uh attention to the you know potential therapeutic effects of elevating ketones and as you know he developed this ketone ester yeah many years ago and did some work in cell culture and animal models suggesting it had beneficial effects on the brain then we clat he had a uh i think he was a postdoc with him came up to my lab and we gave our alzheimer's mice and these are mice that have a accumulation of the amyloid beta peptide this neurofibrillary tangle like tau pathology that accumulates in an age-dependent manner and then they have cognitive problems and we supplemented their food with this ketone ester and then over a period of many months we we looked at their cognition and then we ultimately killed them and looked at their brains but the bottom line was that the ketone ester definitely had beneficial effects and then um of course even you know this story as well as i but he he also collaborated with um karen clark at oxford who's uh focuses on exercise physiology and performance and she found first in in rats and then in elite british cyclists that if they take this uh ketone ester improves their endurance and the the ketone ester increase that apparently can the data increase the the blood ketones up to say five millimolar i don't think that happens with the mct or even the ketone salt is that right um no the doses would would make it uncomfortable for you to get to five millimolar ketones for sure um don't both have been pioneers i've met them both i admire the work they've done and the work you've done with them and in fact it in some ways it breaks the the old adage that the animal models never translate to human uh disease because in fact we're seeing some consistency in some of the the transgenic alzheimer mice compared to what we see clinically which is very encouraging and very rewarding um we were going to do our our current study with the ketone esther in fact but the the stumbling block was that we could not get the placebo and and that was what we were funded to do and that's what i insisted on so it depended on that and and that's part of the dynamics of the field right now that that that's something that is gonna make the clinical studies more credible if if people are able to do the placebo as well but it's commercially it's not an interesting prospect for a small startup company to make a placebo that that no one wants to buy of course so it's it's an investment in research results but the ketone ester is very bitter as well it's an acid right uh well uh yeah i guess that that would make it sour if it was the acid but as the ester is still a very bitter molecule we were we were actually moderately concerned that we might not get people taking it for six months but that's the point now because we haven't been able to work with it so those studies are are interesting and ultimately i think one of these products will end up becoming you know get the magic of being palatable and and having supported results from from clinical studies and and it will become available for this purpose i'm sure in you know soon yeah the key thing is uh for example for just the general public and particularly people as they're getting older you know the the concept of taking a ketone ester or something long-term one key issue is price the commercially available ketone esters it's prohibitive to be taking it every day well it's not commercially viable yet but you know mark looking beyond these sort of products they they they they're going to be beneficial but i think there's a limit there's it's still a concept a little bit in in the heads of some people that it's a magic bullet and if i just take the right supplement budget even if budget's not an issue a taste is not an issue i can protect myself if i take x whether it's a statin or whatever it is it doesn't change the importance of social interactions as we get older it doesn't change the importance of insulin resistance as we get older and exercise forget about your brain in some respects and think about what's going on below your neck and and the health of the body as a whole cardiovascular health your weight your risk of diabetes ketone esters might have some benefits for some fuel management issues but ultimately you you need a a more holistic a more global approach to your health and it these things can be part of the solution but they won't be a solution by themselves yeah so you're i agree with you but that may come to be important in people who are developing mild cognitive impairment or maybe in the early stages of alzheimer's or parkinson's and of course many elderly people have physical problems that you know can really impair their ability to really get good absolutely so yeah yeah and it it's better than nothing you know it's like taking an omega-3 capsule as opposed to eating fish if that's the only way you're going to get it that's it's better than nothing for sure yeah so demetro's kappa giannis who you know he's uh he used to be under me when i was a lab chief at national institute on aging he's a neurologist he is planning a trial at a ketone esther yeah i saw the description of the of it that was published recently so anyway i i need to talk to him now after talking to you about the placebo issue because uh well i think the goal of the project was to i mean please do talk to him if you want to but i think his goal i think was to recruit 25 people per group i might i might have misremembered that and to look at metabolic parameters so it depends on what you want to to show if the primary outcome as we call it in science is metabolic then 25 i mean having a placebo is is optional yeah i think a metabolic outcome is something you can measure with a machine and you can get a hard number and you can say that's what it is and you know what the variability is and you can compare two groups ultimately though if if cognition is a secondary it's probably a secondary outcome and and of course you say well i got nice results on cognition i wish i'd had the placebo group you know it depends on funding it depends on your goals you don't need a placebo for everything but for subjective outcomes behavioral outcomes quality of life outcomes cognitive outcomes a lot of these studies are done with the person you can't be a a participant in these studies without having a partner in your life that lives with you and knows what what you're like so that they can say yes i've noticed a difference in in this sort of uh behavior as part of the quality of life assessment again that's something that's subjective so if both of them know that they're on the active treatment then the impression is that things are going better even if they're not placebo becomes absolutely essential under those circumstances and i want to mention that you mentioned functional magnetic resonance imaging which essentially it's measuring blood flow but it turns out the blood flow is pretty much directly related to the activity state of the neurons so neurons are more active they need more energy and oxygen so there's this mechanism that couples the activity in the neurons to the blood flow to that area right and what it turns out the ketones and early on you mentioned briefly mentioned epilepsy so it's been known for a long time that ketogenic diets can suppress seizures in in people with epilepsy 100 years 100 years so we've done a little bit of work related to that looking at um actually we did several studies first with intermittent fasting we found that and when we adapt mice to intermittent fasting what happens is there's kind of a a quieting of or a better regulation of neural network activity main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain is called gaba and we found that there's increased gaba activity so it's kind of preventing the excitability from getting out of control and keeping it within normal limits and that's a really important thing i think with regards to alzheimer's there's very compelling evidence now that probably even when people before they are diagnosed with alzheimer's there's neural network hyperexcitability there's neurons that are firing when they shouldn't be patients with alzheimer's disease according to my reading the literature have a 20 anywhere from a 20 to 50-fold increased incidence of seizures compared to age-matched normals there's evidence and we contributed actually quite a bit to this that part of the reason neurons degenerate and die in alzheimer's is there become excited to death that they're being excited excessively when their energy levels are low you know they're having problems in mitochondria and so on like we talked it's well known that neurons can be excited death that can happen in severe epileptic seizures but we think it also occurs more insidiously in alzheimer's so that's one important general mechanism i think whereby the ketones are beneficial in keeping neural network activity with improper limits and preventing this excitotoxic damage to the neurons well you're absolutely right um older people do that that are at risk of who already have alzheimer's have a higher risk as you said of epilepsy there's also cognitive issues associated with epilepsy as well in children or at any age so the two are on some kind of a continuum in terms of hyperexcitability and there are psychiatric symptoms behavioral disinhibition that occurs uh in alzheimer's as well and in other neurodegenerative disorders that suggest that certain pathways are are are too active as well yes hyper excitability is a broad term but it seems to apply to these various conditions and gaba is an important inhibitory neurotransmitter and there are gaba agonists i believe uh that are used as as epilepsy uh disease treatment drugs um levitoracetam i think is one of them whether you can use this as a an off-label uh treatment for for alzheimer's perhaps in combination with ketones and perhaps it is the reason why ketones are beneficial there's ketones don't put directly into as you i'm sure know mark that that the krebs cycle is generating carbons that spin off to these molecules from glucose but ketones cannot produce the carbon that goes off to gaba so if gaba is going up when you're in in some form of ketosis it suggests to me that the ketones are doing something that the glucose could have been doing and it's it's sparing some glucose that can now go through the krebs cycle and make more gaba but but this is an interesting limit it's not just fuel that ketones are helping again as we talked about earlier but rather the right neurotransmitter balance to keep the right excitation inhibition uh equilibrium that's needed for optimal cognitive function there are trials of some gaba receptor agonists in mca mild cognitive impairment i don't know about alzheimer's uh michaela gallagher here at hopkins johns hopkins she collaborated with some clinicians and did like an initial trial and published a paper in mci with rilazola i think which is a gaba agonist uh a receptor antagon agonist i believe real estate no it's not real real azole is a drug used to treat als it i think it's been tested uh i has effects on gaba as far as i know i might be uh no i have effects on excitability it enhances the removal of glutamate okay it enhances the glutamate transport system but it's but it's the same general concept that right something that kind of quiets things down a little you mentioned like alzheimer's patients are often have like irritability anxiety-like behaviors and actually we see this in some of our mouse models and both intermittent fasting and and the ketone ester and we can test their anxiety levels we have uh ways of testing the animal's anxiety um simple way is we just have a a box four walls mice and rats they don't like to be out in open spaces because a hawk might swoop down on them and grab them and fly so that if you have a mouse or red in a box they stay around the edges because they they're they're kind of anxious right there but if you give them the ketone esther or adapt them to intermittent fasting they they spend more time in the middle they're less anxious and more curious get a little reckless in the wild that may not be beneficial but i guess the point is that um elevating ketones in theory should should reduce anxiety levels too and you mentioned the exercise increases the the ketone movement in exercise is a great anti-anxiety and antidepressant and there could be some role for the ketones i mentioned we found that one of the ketones beta hydroxybutyrate increases bdnf bdnf it's well established it mediates the antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive shock the most commonly used antidepressant drugs the serotonin reuptake inhibitors and actually and exercise robustly increases bdnf levels so all this seems kind of be tied together absolutely yeah cell signaling it's fuel replacement it's keeping insulin happy there's uh you know there's a bunch of things coming together the brain wouldn't have evolved coming back to our previous uh conversation um if it depended on sort of one thing for it to evolve and get get larger over the past two million years there's a bunch of things that had to come together and uh ketones i think were part of that process that facilitated especially during early development yeah yeah this is great so right now what what studies are you doing right now so we're completing the ketone salt it's called the break a d trial um so the ketone salt versus placebo um that's ongoing six month study it's going to finish late next year and we've just started a pilot study within parkinson's and in alzheimer patients 10 per group so it's a small number of of participants doing exercise plus the last exercise study we did in alzheimer's disease took us seven years to complete to get 10 people through it so i hope we can do this a little more effectively but it was hard to get full data on on 10 people it was very very slow and we're looking at heart i we decided for just to explore what was going on with the uptake of the ketone tracer pet tracer below the neck and notice that the heart was actively consuming ketones so we're starting exploratory trials to see what are the what's the physiology of this what makes it go up what makes it go down uh in relation to heart function in healthy individuals most of the viewers will will know that people who exercise get aerobic exercise regularly generally have lower resting heart rate and you know low normal blood pressure right and it's well known that the reason is that the exercise enhances the activity of what's called the parasympathetic nervous system which is essentially nerve cells in the brain stem they use a neurotransmitter acetylcholine their axons course through the vagus nerve to the heart and and so when they're active and release acetylcholine onto the heart cells the heart rate slows down and that contrasts with the sympathetic nervous system it speeds it up what speeds it up so we found the same thing uh over time over a period of several weeks will reduce resting heart rate and blood so i think it would be really interesting so you're obviously going to be looking at blood pressure and heart rate another measure kind of on top of that is it's called heart rate variability right heart rate variability is the variability in the time interval between individual beats so for example if your heart rate was 60 beats per minute and mine was 60 beats per minute that doesn't mean there's one beat every second exactly it could be 1.1 0.8 1.2 and it turns out that that high heart rate variability is an indicator of the adaptability of the heart its ability to adapt to stress such as the stress so as soon as you start going upstairs its ability to react and and pump the blood is dependent on its variability so are you going to look at heart rate variability i don't think we are in the first study i mean there's these devices you can wear on your finger now where you can monitor this uh non-invasively uh 24 7 and it's uh it's a great device yeah no it's not not the case yet but we will i'm sure yeah ultimately the brain depends on on on the function of the heart and diabetes is a big risk factor for cardiovascular health but it's also a big risk factor for for brain health and and alzheimer's disease so ultimately the two are tied together and um it would be you know it makes it to us it's logical that we we explore uh something below the neck as well we're starting with the heart yeah i'd just like to mention the study that we started and actually it's dimitrios giannis he's the principal investigator i helped him design the study and we started this five years ago looking at whether intermittent fasting and in this study the intermittent fasting group they had two consecutive days a week they ate only 500 calories so on those two days actually the ketones are up because 500 calories isn't enough to right and so we have that group and then a control group that just gets advice for healthy eating but the key thing is the subjects were between the are between the ages of 55 and 70. they have obesity and they have insulin resistance and so they're randomly assigned to these two groups intermittent fasting and control and then at baseline where he's doing battery of cognitive tests probably a lot of the same ones you do functional mri doing spinal taps on the the subjects that will agree to it which is turns out to be about half of them and his total of 40 subjects he finally got coveted really they put it back two years yeah and um but finally he's got the last subject through so those findings he'll be getting the data together and we'll see what happens so anyway the the reason we did that group people be 55 70 with obesity insulin they're at higher risk for cognitive impairment and alzheimer's than our normal weight people with good blood sugar regulation so we'll we'll see what happens with that well absolutely very interesting because does that does that type of intervention actually impact on cognitive performance and and functional uh imaging results so have you published anything of that yet or or it's all waiting the final to complete i guess well nothing i can say yet right yep there's some i'm smiling so it looks like some encouragement that's great encouragement yeah good for you well we look forward to seeing those results yeah okay but anyway i think this is an exciting time for this kind of research it's moving to humans there's a lot of interest it used to be it was hard to get people interested in this kind of things there aren't any drug companies behind it right so you're not going to get what's maybe actually a good thing drug companies to support the trial which yeah that can actually be a good thing right because there's no potential for influence of companies on the well it's hard to make money i think as there's no no drug involved there's no intellectual property there's no patent with certain exceptions so it's hard to to stimulate interest and in in the alzheimer's field and perhaps in the parkinson's field there's been a perception that everything was dependent on correcting amyloid and i think there's less and less belief in that idea how the biomarkers are still being chased after uh very actively but um time will tell there may be some drugs that treat amyloid that would be more effective if we were taking care of the brain energy problem because ultimately those that approach does something for amyloid load that that's that much is clear and maybe the limit then is well nothing produced more energy in the brain so you didn't solve part of a major part of the problem so we'll see whether there's some way that collaboration to to assess combined interventions like that could could be applied at some point yeah but the failures of the the amyloid antibodies you know i think finally there's a switch now in funding there's a movement of much more funding from the nih particularly national institute on aging other approaches from a clinical perspective so for example intermittent fasting the it wasn't any it was another institute put out a request for applications for clinical studies with intermittent fasting you know so that's unfortunately things evolve very slowly you have to try certain things uh see if they work proof of concept is there the fact that if you are going to do a clinical study and you know you need a placebo there the evidence is we published some evidence showing that that placebo is available if they contact people like nestle health science and perhaps perhaps other companies so the elements are coming together and money is obviously a big factor but it's not the only it's not the only factor the credibility the proof of concept is is starting to get more and more solid with various types of interventions so the coherent thing that brings them all together is is the ketones um and so maybe someone will do an intermittent fasting times keto diet at some point and yeah you know why not great yeah good exciting times it's good to end on a positive note actually most all this is positive absolutely it is uh we've been very fortunate to have those elements come together and to make some progress and i'm thrilled that there are uh others that are running with it now as well and uh our results have been replicated elsewhere which is obviously the thing that scientists appreciate the most and so uh it takes time but uh it's moving forward five years ago you know i we wouldn't have had the same conversation so it's it's good yeah thinking that you know 20 30 years from now people look back on your work as kind of a key thing that that set in motion that a lot of the human studies and this this radio-labeled acetoacetate now the problem with a lot of these radio labeled compounds is they have like rapid decay of the radioactivity which is the case with with ours right so do you know if any uh you're the only place in the world doing that right well we we weren't the first to do it oh the karolinska in sweden uh published two papers with the c11 label beta hydroxybutyrate a guy called gunner blumquist oh but uh they didn't continue in fact i consulted him when we got when i got to sherbrooke about setting it up and he said you know you're too late in the sense that i've just retired and i'm i'm not really going to be able we've disbanded that project in our lab but suzanne kraft is the other person who has done ketone pet she's at wake forest university in winston-salem north carolina yeah and she consulted with us and we got together about the radiochemistry and she she's running it in an nih-funded trial published the synthesis paper and and the preliminary results in neurobiology of aging last essentially showing the same thing as we have so that's two you know with 150 to 200 000 uh a an experienced pet center with radio chemistry on site can set this up which is it's a sum of money but it's not it's not gonna it's not that much compared to setting up any other method it's the same sort of numbers um and you know a year and two hundred thousand dollars and and you're in business it's not difficult radio chemistry um so and the advantage of this short-lived isotope is that you can do the two tracers one after another we couldn't do the ftg first because the radioactivity decays takes too long but we can do the ketone first rapid decay afterwards get the next image from the same person at the same time they're still there in in the at the pet center so physiologically they're in the same state and they're absolutely comparable pet scans uh these this it definitely can be done i don't know whether somebody will end up trying to label uh ketones with a long-lived isotope like like fluorine but there's going to be a lot of validation work to do before that can be done and and you lose the critical advantage of being able to demonstrate that the problem with fdg was present which it confirms that the person's brain is it's functioning as we expected or are not functioning as we expected and and gives you that critical reference if we'd only publish ketone results in alzheimer's disease people would say yeah but maybe they were normal maybe there wasn't a problem with ftg and we know in each one of these cases in 400 scans we've done now yeah that we have both it's good and and maybe just to add one additional point what what in thinking about these data and going back over secondary analysis that we're thinking about doing my assumption had been that since there's a problem with normal aging with glucose mostly in the frontal cortex and a mild problem in mild cognitive impairment with glucose in the same area as in alzheimer's disease i expected naively that all of our mci's were going to have a low a problem with with glucose uptake in the brain i figured it was a sort of a guarantee it's not the case about a third of them have a normal glucose uptake but they're still responding to the ketogenic supplement so it suggests that fuel is a part of the problem but maybe it's mitochondrial biogenesis maybe it's the inflammasome maybe it's those histones we were talking about and bdnf we shouldn't put all our money on one horse we need to explore we need people who can explore these other aspects we've got we've explored one of them but we now realize that it's probably more complex than we thought that's interesting my my father it was an interesting story so unfortunately my mom died at a fairly young age 67 she was a chain smoker and overweight and um had hypertension but anyway she had a lot of arthritis and she was on uh prednisone for a long time for arthritis and anyway she had a knee joint replacement then she got a bacterial infection and sepsis and then died shortly after so my f we're on a farm so then after that and us kids were all gone by then so my father was living alone he was about the same age 70 years old living alone and then when he was in his early 80s it became clear as having cognitive problems on a phone conversation at the beginning he'd ask me a question a minute later he'd ask me the same question he already asked me which is a indicator so we had him see ron peterson at the mayo clinic so i'm from rochester minnesota so our farm was outside of rochester minnesota i actually went to mayo clint mayo high school there's a a high school you know the male clinics in rochester there's also a male high school but anyway so ron peterson was ronald reagan's doctor and i've known him for a long time because he works on mci and alzheimer's and so he diagnosed my father with probable alzheimer's disease and then over the next eight years he kind of progressively declined and his they did mri and his hippocampus this brain region that's critical for learning in memory got smaller and smaller and he passed away at 90 years old and then he was in their alzheimer's research center program so you know he donated his brain donated his brain and they cut it in slices and looked at it and lo and behold he didn't have tremendous amount of amyloid and but he had massive loss of neurons in the hippocampus atrophy yeah atrophy and it turns out about 20 25 of people who are diagnosed with probable alzheimer's disease when they look at autopsy they don't have enough amyloid or tau to meet the kind of it's actually arbitrary threshold yeah threshold for alzheimer's yeah but i think what happened with him was he was alone on the farm and he didn't have any social interactions and he he was retired so he didn't have a lot of cognitive stimulation you know and that probably hastened his decline because there's he probably wasn't out running very often or uh he was walking a lot but that's that might have helped you know it might have pushed things given them a couple more years but you're right i think 20 to 25 percent of people are are amyloid negative and still develop the symptoms and vice versa you and i could have amyloid in the brain right now perhaps alarmingly so but but some of us will resist uh that because of other things that are protecting the brain at the same time so yeah it's it you know it seemed like a good idea at the time i guess we can say about amyloid but so far uh it just hasn't delivered but the probably this brain energy rescue of coach and ketones with the what seems to be beneficial signaling functions of the ketones you got that combination of a good fuel less free radicals kind of neurotrophy should apply to pretty much any uh brain disorder of aging but but as we just said you know amyloid's not a guarantee that you'll get it or won't get it the apoe4 is not a guarantee for or against and and as we just described in our mci participants the low fdg is not guaranteed they've got low fdg either so it's that's not a bulletproof marker it it seems to be relatively good it's led us so far to where we are but um we need to we need to be aware that it's a complex system and there could be people who have got other issues to do with inflammation for instance or that are having an impact and and maybe that normal ftg is in part due to activated microglia which are gobbing up the glucose because they need they're being activated with it or they're stimulating glutamate production or who knows which is contributing to the hyperexcitability yeah and so you know there's limits to what each method can tell us and we need to think about other ways to assess this and and and develop to try and flesh out the whole story well great uh stephen i've again enjoyed talking to you as always uh time went quick we've been talking about almost an hour and a half right it's feels like 10 minutes yeah it feels like i hope i didn't repeat myself too much no no no it was great well um again for the service you're doing mark to have a chance to chat with you about this is wonderful for me and i hope that that your public is is learning something yeah i enjoyed it steven thanks for taking the time bye bye now mark bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardthivierge-z9j [2 likes]: I found out that taking a teaspoon of goat cream is a great way to mitigate the side effects of  30 a 40 ml of MTC oil. 

I also found out another way to mitigate to mitigate the side effects by taking the MTC at night. I used to take MTC when I wake up to pea. I found out that some nights I din't take the tea spoon of goat cream. Now I take 60 ml de MTC with a tablespoon of goat cream before going to bed. I sleep a lot better.

I also found out that when I do intermitent fasting, do a long walk on the beach with 30 ml of MTC oil, this also help to mitigate the side effects,  If on the contrary I walk the same distance on the walking machine inside, I do have diarrhea sometimes. 
 
Six months ago I had all the odds against me. I had a lot of diarrheas and my weight droped from 115 to 103 lbs and a scan showed I had dementia with a lot of athrophy when I came back to Mexico in October. 

I have a digital scale and I check my weight like a woman who wants to loose weight. I began to gain weight early in December as I was able to take more and more MTC. My scale indicated 118 this morning.  

Now my landlord tell me  I cannot go back to Canada.
  2. @marzymarrz5172 [2 likes]: Back in the early days of humans on earth, I'm guessing that there was no sugar so the development of the brains of these people over the course of many years took place with maybe exclusively a ketogenic diet and frequent fasting. Maybe this ketogenic diet was perfect for the development of the brain we have now. I am not a scientist so I'm just wondering. Good video.
  3. @dinadesveaux8748 [1 likes]: Very interesting interview, thanks very much! I lost both my mom and sister to Alzheimer's, so I'm keenly following the research. And although I'm still scoring 30 (Alzheimer test), I have a definite problem with weight & chronic inflammation---this, despite eating well, IF, and exercising regularly. Whatever is underlying my metabolic syndrome (what I call it, not medically diagnosed) is a tough nut to crack, but I plan to keep trying. The alternative simply isn't an option, and besides aspects of my life like exercising at the gym with others is energizing and fun. Onwards!
  4. @eugeniebreida [1 likes]: Lovely returning guest, subject matter and interview.  I always learn plenty on your channel Dr Mark!
  5. @paweostaszewski6252 [1 likes]: Interesting and very useful episode. I've learned so much. Thank you.
  6. @Roberto-cg2gr: Please have research on Glucose to ketone index and reversal of different metabolic diseases, Atherosclerosis, CKD, Retinopathy, Foot Ulcers, stroke etc
  7. @Roberto-cg2gr: Please have a research on students memory, intelligence with keto diet Grade 1 to 12
  8. @tukity: what an amazing video.  learned about the emulsification paper to reduce diarrhea
  9. @philipearnshaw: Fascinating discussion. Thank you both!
  10. @CashMoneyMoore: Thanks for the interview! And thank you for the podcast, excited to dive ib

- Can Ketones Rescue The Brain From Alzheimer’s? | Dr. Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en well with us today I'm very honored uh to present Dr Steven Kain who got his PhD from Mill University in 1980 a post-doctoral research in the UK and Nova Scotia from 1980 to 1986 professor of nutritional Sciences at University of Toronto 1986 to 2003 where he first got interested in in ketones in early brain development he moved to University of sherbrook in 2003 to take a research share position and start Ketone PET Imaging Dr Kain has published over 350 peer-reviewed research articles and five books he was elected to the French national Academy of Medicine in 2009 in October of 2017 he received the chevrol medal from the French society for the study of lipids for his exceptional contributions in the field of Omega fatat metabolism and the role of ketones in optimal brain function during aging his main focus is on understanding how the brain meets its brain energy requirements during aging and in neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer's with collaborators he is now also looking into Ketone metabolism by the heart and kidney so Dr quain so uh so appreciative of you taking the time uh with us uh with our listeners here uh very grateful you're here thanks for coming on and how are you pleasure to join you um I'm fine I we've had a little bit of snow up here in southern Quebec uh last week and the week before and then we had a ton of rain yesterday so I'm pissed off because my skiing is done for uh several weeks but uh well yeah but that that's that's the time of year it is you never know whether the snow will stay or not I I like it but my wife hates it so she's happy yeah yeah well that's important yeah I know it's that time of year I'm I'm not too far from you a little bit further south in Massachusetts and yeah I was pouring cats and dogs yesterday so we got that same same exactly the same system y exactly exactly well you got to tell us uh Dr quain how did you start researching ketones and and their role in brain energetics by accident uh it it it wasn't something I planned uh and sometimes the most interesting research we do or the results we find are things that we we don't anticipate and uh um I was studying omega-3 fatty acid metabolism in in the brain it was something I did during my my uh post doctoral studies I had some techniques that allowed us to uh what they call put put a a stable isotope Tracer so not a radioactive tracer but a stable isotope so no no radioactivity involved whatsoever but uh if the molecule is is labeled with this Tracer you can find out where it goes and we were expecting to see a get changed to B to C in the omega-3 pathway if if people know about that that's to produce Doos exoic acid the omega-3 fatty acid but we found yes that was there was a fair amount of production of this labeled DHA but there was 10 to 20 times more of the carbon from the starting fatty acid in other molecules like cholesterol and palmitic acid and and a saturated f acids in the brain and I was stunned uh because it's it wasn't we weren't looking for it and to cut a long story short we were able to trace that back to the fact that some of the the process uh that how that happens is because there's a fair amount of oxidation not not not stress oxidative stress oxidation but what's called beta oxidation which is using a fatty acid as a fuel and when you break it down during early brain development you end up making ketones and those ketones are used as a fuel but perhaps equally importantly they're also used to make new fats in the brain because the brain makes during early development the brain makes its own cholesterol it makes its own saturated fatty acids it builds its own fat fat structure in the brain and key part of that I learned was via ketones so I was you know totally struck by this and it's either something you forget about and and you turn the page on it and you carry on with what you were doing before but I couldn't keep the lid on that story for very long and I was intrigued and I learned that there was an old history back in the 1950s and 60s of people doing research on this including by by Major Pioneers like Hans Krebs who was responsible for the kreb citric acid cycle which is an absolutely fundamental part of biochemistry and metabolism it was one of his favorite topics so I thought if it's good enough for him it's sure as heck good enough for me as well and then let's just see where this goes and and so that that's how I got started and and I then I wanted to learn more about how they got metabolized and I couldn't really do that in Toronto my personal life uh got me more interested in coming back to Quebec where I had grown up and when I learned that sherbrook had the a marvelous Imaging Center and we're wanted to hire somebody that could eventually start studying Ketone uh Imaging by with PET Imaging facilities I jumped at the opportunity for both personal and professional reasons to to come to sherbrook and uh here we are yeah that's amazing you know what I'm hearing is ketones are core to all of these uh fat Creation in the brain um and they're they're really integral to the the infant brain right the the early childhood development the energy metabolism of of an early child um Ketone so ketogenic therapy some of that old uh research you talked about um ketogenic therapies have been used for infantile seizures right yeah well so that came out in the early 90s it's it's it's a 100y old story but it was mostly kept under wraps and unless you had some interest in seizures uh uh chances are you didn't know about it yeah until Merill stre did a movie um about this called first Do no harm uh around 1992 I don't remember exactly but it it was around about the same time I I stumbled over this story about ketones and brain lipid in in early infant development you're absolutely right that they do play a physiological role in early brain development we can come back to that but these two uh things came together for me and and I learned more or less from that movie and then from the research that led to that movie that yes Ketone ketogenic diet has been used it was ostensibly the only therapeutic application of ketones uh was in infantile seizures um and it was considered a last at first 100 years ago there was no treatment for these seizures at all right so it became the only treatment and it's as soon as drugs were developed uh lithium valproate uh and and a series of other drugs each you know it led to let's try the drugs and when the drugs worked it's obviously a simpler solution to the disease than trying to uh have such a dramatic restriction in carbohydrate intake in a child and and for how long no one knew at the time either so it was always pushed to the back burner as an option and only when the drugs failed would would people come back to it and only in a couple of centers you're not far from from the the the original historically the site where this was most developed which is in Baltimore I guess it's some distance down the road from you but still um that's where the continuity between the 1920s and the 1990s that's about the only place where the the link was held if we' broken that link somewhere I think it would have disappeared so thank goodness to the people John uh John Freeman and and and colleagues um Sam Livingston before him who um who who kept that link alive and for very legitimate reasons the families that benefited from it and the reason that movie was made was because it can have a dramatic beneficial effect um and lead to to a remission of epilepsy totally wow not in everyone but in a high enough percentage that it's a very legitimate um uh approach yeah and and and I think it helps to re literally rewire the brain because the infant brain is still developing and it's still time to let ketones do their job um and you know mother's milk contributes to ketogenesis in the infant because there are medium chain triglycerides in in the milk fat in mother's milk so it's not a coincidence that ketones are important for brain development they're they're furnished they're they're supplied to the infant on on a daily basis for as long as they're on on milk mother's milk yeah that's amazing that's amazing I mean ketones are Central to energy in the brain for an infant and uh there's not enough glucose in getting into the brain of an infant to keep the brain working normally makes total sense so they are an essential fuel we talk about them as an alternate fuel and only when you have a low carbohydrate intake fasting energy restriction blah blah blah that's true in adult but in infants they're an essential fuel yeah so I think that as you as you rightly surmise uh I think it's they're not only important for early brain development but they're probably the reason that we are the smart species amongst the primates and the mammals and so on is because we were able to channel um a source of energy out of ketones and out of the fats to help Supply the enormous energy requirements of the of the the newborn baby of the brain of the newborn baby which takes about 70% of its energy requirements when it's born I think you mentioned you've got children and um you know when they're born they they can't do anything right except make a lot of noise and and make a mess exactly yeah and yet the brain is consuming 70% of its uh of the in's energy requirements and and about a third of that is supplied by ketones yeah in part to help build the connection so that they can be start to coordinate movement and and and so on to learn to speak and to walk and all that stuff wow um so that's the physiology ketones and if we can exploit that um in adults to help correct problems that have developed then so much the better it's a physiological mechanism that we're trying to return to yes yes that's incredible uh wow you come to University of sherbrook and now you've got this brain research team so can you tell us a little bit about that yeah well it's something that developed I came here 21 years ago and um I had enough money um what with the sort of startup funds to hire a postdoc who happened to be a chemist and was able to start making the the Ketone uh Tracer for the Pet Imaging um so the the the team was was an N of one was one person and then you know a student gets involved and you build this but then the students graduate and and the the radio the guy who who started to make the ceto acetate Tracer uh got a full-time job in the Imaging Center so he's still there and we still uh chat but he's no longer part of our team specifically we we pay for his time when he makes the Tracer but we don't pay his salary directly so so the team evolved and you know from one year to the next it's uh um it it's always changing but uh right now there are three people on on my team and we manag the projects that we do um I have to let two people go this summer because uh we didn't have enough projects and we didn't have enough funding to keep them um so but they're good people and they they seem to like working with with me and on this topic uh and I think there's a a strong sense of of of accomplishment uh as well that uh we're pushing back the frontiers of understanding about brain energy metabolism and I think everyone that that works on this is somehow contaminated by our enthusiasm and so much the better yeah I mean it's incredible what you guys are working on um being able to do the research and provide the data for uh ketones as a as a energy substrate um I think especially for anyone that's facing neurodegenerative like a an Alzheimer's diagnosis um anybody who's gone through that with a with a loved one caretaker or someone maybe has already been uh diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment there's the Pet Scan and you know for our listeners uh a pet scan is typically uh something as a diagnostic tool one of the first diagnostic tools to really figure out uh if there's cognitive cognitive decline Alzheimer's disease uh that's been established and you have this uh Ketone pet scan uh that I is first in class so can you talk about the Ketone pet scan and and how this helps uh People Like Us sure so um we didn't uh do we haven't done any of the the typical pet scans of Alzheimer patients we've done quite a few patients uh along the way and most people get scanned for for the garbage proteins in the brain the plaque forming proteins called amalo and there is a pet Tracer for that so if someone listening has uh knows about pet scans in in Alzheimer's these chances are it's to identify the presence of these proteins the plaque the C plaque proteins called beta amid it's not a even if you have the amalo chances are you're going to develop or have already developed Alzheimer's disease but it's not a guarantee and it's not a guarantee that if you don't have the amalo black at a certain level that you won't get Alzheimer's disease either M so I just said let's that's not our topic but I wanted people to understand that if they've heard about pet it's not it's not probably not in relation to the ketones except because of the subject we're talking about right my Approach was is there a problem with getting energy into the brain in Alzheimer's disease the answer we knew before I got to sherbrook and has been studied since the 1980 since the dawn of Pet Imaging and the the molecule that has been most studied is is an analog it's a form of glucose which the brain's main fuel yeah it's called we'll use another acronym but we'll try to limit the number of acronyms we talk about uh so pet is is is an acronym for a type of Imaging called positron emission tomography the acronym for the pet Tracer used to study glucose is called fdg which is fluo deoxy glucose and it's been known since the dawn of PET Imaging that that there's a problem getting glucose or the fdg Tracer into the brain in Alzheimer's dis that's that's an old story yeah that's absolutely non-controversial yep the Assumption was yeah but the brain cells are dying so of course they're going to consume less glucose so the glucose problem is a consequence of the disease well I can accept that if the cells have died they're going to be consuming less glucose that's true that doesn't prove that there isn't a problem with the glucose before the cognitive problems start yeah so was there any evidence in 2003 yes there was older people in general I'm 72 typically I'm going to have lower Rin fdg uptake than you do Eddie if we look statistically at at the situation so older people are more likely to get alzheimer's than younger people and I have already got sort of that um challenge people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease while still having normal cognition in their 60s have got lower brain glucose uptake people that are carriers of ape1 apoe4 pardon me uh have got lower brain glucose in their 30s people with prelin one which is the main uh genetic risk factor have got lower brain glucose uptake before they get the cognitive decline so it can't just be a consequence of the disease and the obvious question for me is okay uh so there's a problem with glucose that predates that's presymptomatic what about ketones there you are at that time when we started in 2003 we didn't know that there were already two papers in the literature that showed that Ketone uptake in the brain was normal in Alzheimer's disease they didn't use PET Imaging to show this but they showed it and we discovered this uh the more we got into it so we set up a protocol in which we did the FD G like everybody else and we did the ketones which no one else was doing and we did them one after the other so that we could say that you know there's no reason why the brain is functioning differently two hours from one scan to the next unless there's a difference in the metabolism of these two fuels which is what turned out to be the case and which is what we published first in 2016 I think yeah at which time we had then learned uh initially to our suag that that people had shown this back in the 1980s in Sweden looking at blood flowing into the brain and blood flowing out of the brain and they say well you know what um there's a problem getting glucose into the brain in Alzheimer's disease but there's no problem getting ketones so I quickly realized the benefit of them having published it meant there was another group that had done this but it was also a totally different method yeah which strengthens the argument that there's something going on this is not just a a feature of Pet Imaging an artifact created by pet Imaging it's something that we see with two different very different methods it's now been confirmed by four other methods as well so I think it's an extremely robust observation and the point is if the brain cells that can't use glucose and it's primarily in this area to start with called the parietal cortex above your ears that's where the problem starts with glucose okay if they're struggling to get glucose but they're metabolizing ketones yeah y all the cells that are going to die can't be dead yet right because it takes an active process to transport ketones just like it takes an active process the cells have to be alive to use ketones yeah so they the ones that aren't using glucose it's because they're not able to get the glucose or they're not able to burn the glucose but it's not because they're dead yeah that's huge so that was an important observation I think and then we said well if we Supply more ketones will they be able to use more ketones because if we can only get a trickle of ketones into the brain normally if you eat a typical Western diet with 60% carbs the brain is only going to be burning two to 3% of its fuel requirements as ketones right so that's pretty low and and if you can't increase that amount then there's not much chance of trying to correct the problem with glucose but that was the that was the goal there's a problem with glucose there doesn't seem to be a problem with ketones if we Supply more ketones will they get into the brain and if so do we reduce what we call that brain energy gap yeah caused by lowb brain glucose yeah um and you know we can discuss that but that was that's that's where those observations back 15 years ago that's where it took us wow that's huge um it is I got to really stress how profound that is from a from a caretaker standpoint you know like going years ago for the fdg pet for my dad uh and that that was the main diagnostic tool that the his first neurologist went ahead and said Hey look it's right here you know you don't see as much glucose uh being burned right here in the frontal cortex um this is Alzheimer's and he told us see these cells are dead and I think a lot of people have heard that and that is um it's sounds like a pretty it's a it's a simple assumption to make if there's no you know no no activity on the scan they're dead what you're saying is they can't be dead because you you've demonstrated that they're uptaking ketones they may not be uptaking glucose because there's a challenge in that but they're uptaking ketones so so it you yeah what you've said is correct but I think there's it's you made it a little too black and white so it will go down okay and I mentioned the parial cortex you me mentioned the frontal cortex but the problem migrates and and starts to Encompass the brain as a whole it doesn't go from black to white over overnight so there's a trend downwards and and I don't know what stage your dad uh and I I'm sorry for for the news about your dad but I don't know what stage in his disease he saw the the the physician and what so how far the ftg had gone from where it let's say it should be at 10 right and if zero is zero so was he at five was he at eight was he at three we don't we don't know so at some point he's going to start losing brain cells in the area that's not consuming glucose that's for sure sure they're not all going to die those cells right uh for for and and so that process is going to go from 10 to 8 to 7 to six and and and so on and he's going to become bedridden uh at maybe at three or two or one sure before getting to zero so at some point the ketones if we studied someone with Advanced Alzheimer's disease I have no doubt that the Ketone uptake would be quite a lot lower if not close to zero as well right but it lags behind and it gives you it buys you time initially those cells are starved of energy yeah and they're doing whatever they can to to grab other sources of of fuel to stay alive right and that's why the brain is shrinking by the way because it's able to it's like if you if you're not if you're physically active if you're in bed for for a month because of of a serious injury or a serious disease you're literally going to shrink you're going to lose muscle mass atrophy yep y even if you're eating as much as as you can you're go the muscle is going to atrophy why well because it's inactive but also because the body needs that fuel to supply energy requirements the brain is the same it atrophies right uh in part to help Supply glucose made from proteins so you can break down the proteins and make glucose and that's helping to meet the energy requirements of those cells in your dad's brain that are starting that are not taking glucose out of the blood the way they should right right so that the process is gradual and and obviously the idea is to try and intercept it at an early enough stage to try and stabilize uh those cells and and and fuel them with ketones which they're perfectly happy to use right right a healthy person that stops eating for a week voluntarily or or or involuntarily the brain will be running a week later about 50 to 60% on ketones yeah so the brain is perfectly happy to use ketones if you supply them that's it that's it wow and that's that was the goal of what we were doing is say to what extent can we achieve that in someone who's now just at the beginning of Alzheimer's called mild cognitive impairment exactly exactly yeah I mean the brain's ability to use ketones I think is something that's been overlooked for many years I think you're work is uh really done a great job highlighting that and providing the data for that and you you talked about aging in general even if you don't have any cognitive decline established or or uh diagnosed Alzheimer's um you've talked about how as The Brain ages it seems to have a little bit more trouble using glucose as a as a fuel substrate is that right yeah it's it's a question of interpretation is it trouble I mean my brain is probably statistically using about 10% less glucose especially in the frontal cortex than yours yeah so is that good news or is that bad news um yes it's less but it's also advantageous to me as as a 70-year-old to have a BMI a body mass index of 2728 statistically uh chances are it's going to preserve my cognition and and my cognitive function of my memory that that's what the literature shows so that's more than your typically a healthy BMI of say 24 25 yeah so we have we can't apply the same standard for BMI to a young person and to an older person yeah uh should we apply the same standard that my brain should be consuming the same number of glucose molecules per day as yours well it's shrunk and like it or not my brain has has has lost probably 12 to 15% of its volume compared to yours so it's consuming less glucose but if my performance on cognitive test is still normal then am I simply being more efficient with the glucose that my brain gets than you than you we we don't know and I'm I'm not being fous in saying that that potentially my brain is more efficient at using glucose but it's something we we're quite judgmental about these numbers yeah and sometimes it we need to be cautious and try and and and explore the extent to which um a difference is not necessarily a problem yeah it but it could be a problem the flip side of the coin is that if I'm getting 10% less glucose and less energy on a chronic basis then then maybe I'm I'm not supporting the cells as well as I should so maybe I should be consuming a bit more ketones how do I do that um and uh is that going to help me resist cognitive decline as as I get older than I already am and uh these are the question this is where the field is at uh wow yeah that's a great frame I mean you're you're right there on the ground it sounds like maybe if I'm hearing you right it's not so much that there's trouble maybe this is maybe this is the way aging should work where you're supplying more ketones as you age uh as opposed to just exclusively glucose kind of like the Western process kind of like kind of like the infant or the child which so are we returning to the way the brain was perfectly happy to develop in our first five years of Our Lives wow so what's stopping my body from Simply supplying more ketones um and and why why wouldn't I do that well I mean I this is your interview so you can take this conversation I think I I know where you're going with this and I think it's a great place to go is that great question what what has prevented or what can prevent that Ketone generation in people I mean it sounds like insulin resistance what do you think well there's I think there's two aspects to it one is is um what we call endogenous Ketone production that's production within the body from sources uh from molecules in the body it's fatty acids it's our body fat stores that are the source of ketones within the body if you don't take them from outside the body then that's how you make if you if you stop eating for instance or or go very low carb and as you said insulin is the gatekeeper to that process will come back to it but as as you and and many of your listeners will know you can also take ketones from that you purchase and that you take by mouth that are preformed as ketones yeah and they're called exogenous ketones because they come from outside the body yep and they that can be medium chain triglyceride as long as it's um got SE and C10 in it we can come back to that distinction which is important MH uh it can be Ketone salts which have been available especially in the US from a number of companies for quite some time they contain a moderate amount of sodium which can be a red flag for some people yeah um they're also a little more expensive than MCTS and there can be Ketone Esters which don't have sodium but are extremely bitter and are extremely um expensive in most cases as well yeah so if we focus on the endogenous side that means you're going to make the ketones from your body what is the the gatekeeper the gatekeeper is insulin yeah now you mentioned insulin resistance a moment ago and that's a condition in which the insulin is not working very well it's not uncommon for people of my age to have mild insulin resistance why because we're more sedentary we still have a sweet tooth and so we're constantly pushing uh um pulling Push Pull consuming um refined carbohydrates yeah and especially if we're in a nursing home or in a retirement home where the meals are supplied the tendency to sort of go to the dessert tray uh in the cafeteria or in the dining room or whatever it is uh that tendency is there and so people as they get older tend to have increasing glucose and less effective insulin or insulin resistance yeah the problem is that it's not the amount of refined sugar you consume that's going to determine how much glucose goes goes into the brain it's the brain that decides and if the brain's got a problem metabolizing glucose it doesn't matter how many donuts you've just eaten it's not going to produce more glucose that gets into the brain and part of that problem is due to insulin not being effective or insulant resistance yeah but the brain ends up in Double Jeopardy in this situ situation because now your insulin is blocking the the release of fatty acids from your body fat stores that are needed to make the ketones yeah so let's look at the at at at at a more positive story so how do you make insulin effective you reduce your carb intake and insulin is then not pushing so hard to get the excess of glucose that's in your system to get into the muscle and get into the heart and get into the kidney and the Brain and everywhere so insulin is happier and it's more effective right so how do you reduce your carbs well you eat less dessert eat less refined sugar less uh soda pop or you try um intermittent fasting yeah or energy restriction you try to reduce the number the amount that you eat per meal and so there are a whole variety of ways in which reducing your total food intake or especially your carbohydrate intake will make insulin more effective yeah and as soon as insulin goes down in fact we we relate insulin and glucose one to one you need insulin to make glucose go in yes that's true but in fact it's the release of fatty acids from your body fat stores that's more sensitive to insulin than the uptake of glucose by the by the cells yeah so when insulin starts to go down the fat cells notice this right away and they release some of their fats and the fats are used by the heart directly not converted to ketones they can be converted to ketones but fats are an important source of fuel for the body directly yeah so insulin goes down fat utilization goes up Ketone production goes up so if you reduce your carbs or your energy intake you're going to reduce the demand for insulin and you're going to get this balance the Seesaw balance between glucose and ketones is going to be more effective than if you are constantly bombarding the body with with carbs yeah yeah and there there are several ways to do it as I mentioned some people will prefer to skip breakfast which is a kind of a prolonged uh short-term fasting Some people prefer to not eat for whole day and then uh eat for three days and then not eat for a day and and there are different uh ways of doing this I I I would not last long on a fasting program like that but I have reduced my carbon intake I have reduced my meal size which is another thing that reduces my insulin requirement yeah so I'm not sure exactly how balanced my ketones and my glucose are in the body but I do know my blood insulins are quite normal you can go to the pharmacy and buy what's called a what we call it colloquially a patch yeah which is for a not not a nicotine patch but a the glucose device uh if you have diabetes chances you you know what I'm talking about but you I think you can probably purchase one at and install it without necessarily needing a prescription from a a physician for diabetes what that does is allow you to monitor depending on the device from seven to 10 days so what is my blood glucose like Anyway most people don't know unless they've had a blood sample or the doctors told them look you're you need to go on a diabetes medication uh most people don't know so uh if you are interested and uh you can you can learn this and it it might cost you 100 it might cost 200 bucks I'm not exactly sure yeah to buy the device and have it uh connect to the app on your phone but you can look at your glucoses and you can learn about what's going on inside your body yeah yeah and you can say okay I'm going to reduce my my my desserts this week yeah you got 10 days while that thing is is is still working afterwards it it it stops working so you can buy another one and do it again if you want to but within 10 days you can plan what am I going to eat during for three days I'm going to eat what I eat normally so I know what that patter is like yep and then I'm going to change something for a week yeah I'm going to see what it does and you you're going to see the response every I think it's every three minutes on the device so you're going to know whether your glucose has gone up after breakfast or hasn't gone up as much because you're not eating cornflakes anymore yeah or something like that um and so you need to learn H you can go out for a walk and see what it does you go out for a run if you like to run go out for a swim or some form of physical phical activity and and and get to know how your body is using these fuels because that's going to teach you about how to adjust your lifestyle and your food intake um in ways that you can imagine doing for a long time yeah hopefully you're gonna get old for a long time and you want to protect your brain for a long time so it's got to be something you're going to do that's going to last potentially for the rest of your life yeah wow that's uh yeah that's that's amazing what I'm hearing is uh there's several ways to to get ketones as a fuel source in the body there's the endogenous where you do some fasting you reduce the carbohydrate intake uh you know a low carbohydrate diet a ketogenic diet classical ketogenic diet and then there's the exogenous route where there's a few different options and you had a really amazing study on this uh on on patients that had already had uh diagnosed mild cognitive impairment which is that stage before most go on to develop Alzheimer's disease can you talk a little bit about that study so the the idea was first of all um I I want to step back for two reasons one is that the funding for the project that you talked about came from the Alzheimer Association of the US yes which made me think that I also uh need to be transparent and say that that I have uh what's what I called conflicts of interest we have private sector money that has has helped pay for some of our work one of our primary uh Partners in this sort of work is Nestle Health Science so big Nestle from with chocolate and and coffee and so on uh is is is a large company and they have a small affiliate of theirs called Nestle health science which is uh directly linked with the work that I'm going to tell you about in mild cognitive impairment so want people to know that that we have that sort of uh partnership with them um so the Alzheimer Association funded the the project that we did on on medium chain triglyceride yeah and the the challenge was we proposed to do this in Alzheimer's disease and we proposed to do it for two months and the goal was simply to say can we correct or partially correct what I called earlier the brain energy gap yeah at the beginning of Alzheimer's disease and and you'll recall that means that there's less glucose getting in than should be and we're not able to produce more ketones because we don't because insulin is not more effective than it was um before you got the the the cognitive decline so there's a difference between what you should be consuming uh the brain should be consuming uh as as a healthy older person than someone who's got mild C of impairment and that's the brain energy gap and they said uh we're going to fund your project but on condition that you switch from Alzheimer's disease to studying mild cognitive impairment because we think it's going to be more beneficial for um for them and I I had to think quickly on my feet during this phone call and I said okay but two months in in M cognitive impairment is we're not going to see a thing in terms of memory uh learning and so on attention and and those things so will you agree to extending the study to six months from two months yeah which I thought was going to be enough for a proof of principle at least they said yes and so that's how we ended up starting MCI another one of these uh almost lucky H lucky chance or circumstances anyway so that was the good news we've got funding to start this project we suddenly realized you know what we know that MCT are beneficial to make ketones but we kind of freaked out because we weren't sure how we were going to feed 75 year olds MCT for six months and what's the placebo going to be yeah oh my God like how do you do this anyway of course we didn't put that in the Grant and nobody asked us to prove how we were going to do this in the ground so we got lucky uh but we had to scramble quickly H and I came up with the solution that if we put medium chain triglyceride if if you don't know is is an oil like like a vegetable oil it's a vegetable oil it's not you can cook with it if you want to you can put it on salad dressings if you want to but we realized that we were going to have to supply around 30 grams per day which is more than you would use uh on a salad or even to fry your eggs for that matter so we said well you know it's a it's it's partially missable in in water so why don't we put it in milk why don't we try and use milk as an Emulsion in fact if you put milk in a in a household blender with like a liter of milk a a pint or so of of milk with with 100 grams of MCT you can make a basically a creamy it makes the milk cre it holds it for a fairly long time and and we thought this is it so now all we need and we tested it and it was ketogenic so we made we made that product we also used what's called holic acid sunflower oil as the placebo because we knew that in the cognitive tests we'd have to have a blinding we the patients or the participants would not be allowed to know what group they were in because it would affect the way they were uh it would make it harder to to be sure that the results were bid yeah so we did a six-month study uh started in 2015 and we recruited people we demonstrated they all had mild cognitive impairment so they all had to do cognitive tests at the start they couldn't be Alzheimer's or they would not be eligible and they couldn't be normal or they wouldn't be eligible we did the pet scans they started their uh they took home 30 bottles 20 one cup bottles small um screw cap bottles yeah in a big uh grocery bag um and came back once a month for a blood tests and a new a new supply of of this drink which we had to have tested for bacterial contamination and all this stuff because you know you have to make it you have to make it safe yeah yeah so we had to learn a lot very quickly about food chemistry and food safety um but uh it worked and some people got stomach cramps some people got diarrhea because MCT if you take too much at a time will will cause stomach upset so we learned to titrate the dose which means to give a small amount to start with and a little more and a little more over a week's time and and most people were able to adapt some people dropped out anyway 30 some percent dropped out but you know 30% will drop out even if you give them a a pill so it's not just the MCT it's that people don't necessarily stay on these projects right and we finished that in 2019 at this point so Nestle wasn't involved at all at the beginning but they they Le learned about it we presented the results at the Alzheimer disease Congress every year uh and they were interested and and they said you know it would be interesting for you to have more people in this study because right now you've shown that you can partially correct the brain so the results of the pet scans showed that we were partially correcting the brain energy gap yeah and we were seeing Improvement in memory learning attention processing speed and language the five major domains of cognition wow but the sample size was small we had 20 people per group and that's not enough to convince anyone that you've done anything really really solid so Nestle said yeah we'll be happy to give you the funding necessary to double the sample size which statistically was enough to know whether memory had been improved or not and we did continue that that study then I said that that was in 2019 but the second part of it finished in 2019 so it was a four-year uh project yeah and uh that led to them um marketing an MCT drink in in Europe which has not gone that well because most neurologist seeing patients with problems with memory don't really consider mild cognitive impairment as a as a real Condition it's kind of oh let's wait and see whether it gets worse because sometimes it can get better and sometimes it can get worse 50% of MCI will convert to alzheimer's diseas in three years yeah yeah but 50% won't yeah so there was that element of risk uh for them and um that that project led to the Publications that I think you're probably aware of forer atal uh some more uh Advanced image analysis that showed us that we were probably improving the way the the nerve cells are connected to each other with an insulated wire basically yeah the wires called the axon yep yep but like in your house or the electric lamp in your living room you need insulation around that wire yeah and that's called myin in our brains and we we don't have direct evidence but we have indirect evidence to suggest that the ketones were helping make the mile in a little more uh uh not watertight but uh to conduct the message more uh reliably yeah which meant that's how processing speed the rapidity of which you can respond to a a challenge or a question um is is dependent on how well the axons are melinated and that seemed that had gone up that went up the most of anything wow and so we think that we weren't just supplying more fuel but maybe helping re rebuild some of the decaying myelination in in the in the in the Brain before people get Alzheimer's disease wow yeah that's incredible um yeah the myelination you guys saw the white matter changes as well right that's right well that's part of the white matter yeah and we saw that as ketones went into the brain which we could see on the on the Ketone pet it was directly related I'm showing a diagonal line but probably reverse on your screen but it's meant to show that as the ketones go up in the blood and the Brain the performance on the cognitive scores was going up as well so this was a direct relationship and it showed that if if you could get a little more ketones in then you had a little bit more benefit wow some people produce more ketones on the same dose of MCT or Ketone salt or or whatever it is than others and it's something we don't understand well yet yeah um but it suggests that you know if you can push the dose a little more or get a more efficient Ketone exogenous Ketone supplement maybe we could make this process more effective wow yeah it's it's incredible I mean it it sounds simplistically like getting more fuel or getting better fuel uh into the brain seem to translate to better cognitive function better cognitive performance even changes in the actual brain uh physically it's just uh it's absolutely amazing uh you know M MCTS you said and it's an extracted vegetable oil they're typically extracted from things like coconut and palm and the MCTS in mother's milk yeah so what we did not expect to be the ca to to be the case is that MCT is a mixture as you said and um technically an MCT has six carbons eight carbons 10 it's all um um even numbers so 6 8 10 12 and 14 coconut oil has a relatively high amount of C12 and c14 and relatively low amounts of C C10 and C8 yeah the mix when you buy an MCT from Costco or wherever you go your health food shop um they may claim to have uh mostly C8 or mostly C10 and that may be the case but uh you have to be aware that there can be um products that do not contain what they say on the label and whether the supplier knows this or not uh I'm not I'm not questioning anyone's Integrity but the fact is that there are products out there whether they're vitamins or other types of natural food products that don't necessarily contain what's on label yeah so and I have no way to to tell you that a certain brand is is guaranteed and so I'm not going to go there but uh assuming assuming that what's on the label is is correct the C8 and the C10 are more ketogenic than the C12 and the c14 okay and if you go shorter C6 and C4 are even more ketogenic than C8 and C10 they're just not available there's no food sources of them and is a good thing because they're extremely horrible to smell and to taste but if you if you if you ever fried anything in butter there's always that nice smell like on croissants or something like that and that is actually due to butyric acid in the milk so at very small concentrations butyric acid smells great and it will produce some ketones in your body at higher concentrations it will produce more and we published on this but we have to put it in these little gel caps uh that were closed because uh it smells terrible so the bottom line is that C8 and C10 are the practical solution to getting more ketones from what's called MCT yeah yeah wow but there's an important caveat and that is that that does that mean the coconut oil's not not worth taking because coconut oil in our experience and I think we're the only people that have directly studied this does produces very little ketones okay okay but I want to be very clear about the fact that that doesn't mean it's not useful yeah because the lauric acid in in in coconut oil is an antimicrobial and as you get older the tendency to have more virus viral infections bacterial infections other bugs in our bodies that we don't want yeah as opposed to the ones that we do want uh goes up and if you take coconut oil you have a better chance of combating them and helping the immune system combat these bug which are part of the challenge for the brain because the glucose that goes into the brain is supposed to be there to make the neurons work and talk to each other yeah but if there's an infection if you've got cytomegalo virus in the brain or herpes simplex virus and I think it's like 20% of older people have a dormant forms of these viruses in their brains apart from covid of course yeah absolutely um the immune system is attracted to the brain and will start taking some of the glucose that is supposed to be going to the neurons in order to fight the contam the the microbes that are there yeah so now the neurons are fighting with the what are called the um the macras is in the brain yeah and the activated microa which are in the brain and they're trying to defend the brain and the neurons trying to make the brain work better and they're both fighting for the same fuel yeah so if you help the the immune system fight the bugs presumably you leave a little bit more glucose and ketones for the neurons to do their job and everybody's happy yeah so the bottom line is I think coconut oil is extremely beneficial for the Aging brain and perhaps for health in general uh but I don't think it's it's making much in the in the way of additional fuel for the brain yeah it may be helping to make the glucose that is available more available and that's a good thing we call it glucose sparing yeah which is beneficial as well so um need to keep a a wider perspective about what what's beneficial and how things work and and whether reducing oxidative stress in the brain and these microbial infections uh is as beneficial as providing more fuel to make neurons talk to each other better yeah yeah absolutely um I think I think Studies have shown how inflammation can make the brain or just the body in general more insulin resistant so anything that can help with that and and lower our inflammation I'm sure is very glucose sparing and and helps that whole energy metabolism balance in the brain to close that Gap as you would say the brain energy gap I had to reach over and look at my my MCT oil and now thank you for bringing that up I'm going to have to have that awareness now when I when I buy some uh because we definitely want to be more on the C C8 and C10 side uh just for the for the energy benefits the the ketogenesis benefits so I I mean I make a mixture at home a mixture um I'll give you the proportions but it contains coconut oil peanut butter and MCT okay um and the proportions are 45451 okay so if you take a jar of coconut oil you you only you want just a little less than half of it y um you warm it up somehow so it's liquid y you mix in peanut butter okay to double the volume and you still got room for about 10% of that to add as MCT right I mix it completely um it it's it will stay liquid at room temperature so you can't spread it and what I like is to be able to spread it on on on typically on toast but I keep it in the fridge and it's still it's like butter it it will still spread quite easily oh nice you get your MCT you get your coconut oil it's it's vegetarian um and it's reasonably tasty uh and simple and um so and you know it's one of those things that I think is potentially beneficial and and the coconut will help even but think you know it's not just the brain it's going to affected by uh by bacterial or viral infections obviously the lungs and the rest of the body as well so you're helping the whole body the brain is the focus of our discussion but um these bugs infect everything of course absolutely wow I like that I'm GNA have to I'm gonna have to take that for a world I like that try it it sounds good um hey did you have any apoe fours in your study yes okay yes we did uh we had about 40 people in each group that completed and I don't remember the exact numbers but approximately 25% of them are carriers of April we4 so that's about 10 per group um and statistically it's not enough to prove anything so we didn't see any influence of whether they were apoe4 carriers or not um compared to those that weren't on terms of memory learning uh other cognitive tests or in terms of brain energy uptake yeah so there's no for us there was no smoking gun in relation to apoe4 okay but I I insist that the sample size is too small and we you know it wouldn't it might not have come out and maybe with twice as many people we would have seen a distinction between them so for the moment um I and and most people don't know whether they're April before or not anyway um and it's not such a strong risk factor that you're in the clear if you don't have it and and you're not in the clear if you do have it y um I I would simply pretend just forget about it yeah you can't change it anyway yeah so um and it's going to be beneficial again to fight bugs by taking MCT and you're going to have a brain energy gap whether you've got ape4 or not um so you're going to get insulin insulin resistance when you're 70 years old if you're sitting in an armchair most of the day so um you might as well do things to protect yourself and may be more beneficial if you carry ae4 uh it may not I'm not able to say for now yeah definitely definitely it sounds like you know what I'm hearing a lot of is being able to bring ketones on board endogenously exogenously to to create that term that the metabolic flexibility that I think a lot of I know a lot of Americans here on this side uh have lost um and I think a good amount of people around the world who have started to eat some of this modern you know processed food um have lost I think a lot of carbohyd a lot of energy intake coming in from from carbohydrates and refined carbohydrates has probably uh brought us farther away from maybe the way we're we're really wired to be bringing onon bringing on glucose there was no packaged Foods uh probably even well maybe 100 years ago there might have been but there was certainly none too 200 years ago yeah yeah and and you know you could argue Three Square meals right I mean that I don't know how old is that 100 years uh I I I the well you know you could say three meals puts a lot of pressure on insulin especially at the end of the day when you tend to eat more like 50% of your calories um my preference is to snack a bit more and keep the insulin down but if you snack more does that mean you eat more uh if you're snacking on junk food that's not going to be advantageous so um people people like to have recipes some people like to have recipes this is the way the doctor told me to do it so this is the way I'm going to do it some people hate to have recipes and they start they start but they never they never continue for very long so they need to do it their way yeah my my perception is do it your way but but understand why you're doing it and then try to adhere to it yeah most people understand it's not advantageous to to smoke and those that stop know they've got to do it for the rest of lives some people don't succeed yeah um and it's the same basic approach do something you can do for the rest of your life sure um in in in the nursing home study or at least retirement home study that we've just published um to come back to that question we didn't go keto you and I are talking a little bit about pushing the the insulin down low enough that basically we're talking about a ketogenic diet or or fairly rigid forms of of intermittent fasting yeah we reduce carbs by 30% % yeah we figured that's about the limit we can get the kitchen to make the adaptation to to doing this and let's just see if that's feasible for two months they wore their glucose patches for two months we increased their ketones by threefold wow their LDL cholesterol went these were 84 year olds by the way wow their ldls went down their triglycerides went down they didn't lose weight wow they didn't gain weight they didn't become hypoglycemic which means low blood sugar because they're eating a little bit less sugar yeah and the punchline is they insisted on having two desserts per day and they got two desserts per day they just weren't big desserts they were small desserts and tasty desserts yeah so you can have your sweet tooth just try to reduce the total size of it enjoy the best quality of sweet Foods if you like chocolate get the best quality chocolate you can afford or ice cream for that matter because you'll enjoy it more it's about taste yeah yeah yeah and maybe a small bowl of ice cream every other day will be just as good as a big bowl of ice cream twice a day because it's a better quality and you enjoy the flavor of it and you have less put less pressure on your ins one yep definitely definitely yeah that's that's amazing uh lowering LDL lowering triglycerides that's just come out I'll put it I'll send it to you because you might not have seen it yet but I'll I'll send you the paper and we're gonna link yeah we're going to link all your papers uh in the description below uh because they're I mean they're tremendous and this is you like you said this is just you adding MCT and you reduce the carbs a little bit but it wasn't a crazy you know classic in the nursing home study we didn't reduce we didn't add m at all we justed just reded you just reded carbs okay the goal was to then start a second phase adding MCT plus reduce carbs ah okay but we haven't we haven't been able to raise the money to do it and so we haven't started that yet okay it was simply reducing carbs which in the end I mean you provide MCT to people but if they don't reduce their carbs yep um then the impact on insulin is is not going to be as effective as if they do reduce it's the carbs that are responsible for the insulin going up sure it's not the MCT that can solve that sure MCT can produce more ketones y but in fact by reducing the carbs and the insulin they were producing a bit more ketones not a huge amount but still it was three times what it was uh in the standard treatment yeah it's still amazing results you you you didn't you it's not that drastic of a change you know 30% it doesn't sound that way you know we we think of classical ketogenic diets you know 5% of calories carbs some of these really really extreme but it was that seems like a very doable I mean it is very doable because you had a sample size there of it was a nursing home so 84 year old people uh to have these kind of reductions in their blood labs and I'm sure a higher quality of life higher cognitive performance that's it's amazing and the implications for everybody else our listeners um anyone who just wants better brain health or Better Health in general uh I think is pointing to a little bit less car s um you know portion sizes maybe a little bit more fasting uh throughout the day just reduce the demands on insulin uh and try to get more in line with something that was uh kind of an ancestral pattern an ancestral yep snack on on low carb foods uh nuts being an obvious one peanuts almonds walnuts um veggies of course cheese y um snack on low carbs it's it's it's not going to it's not going to hurt influence your insulin so um it and it will give you that little uh feel that little craving great and and you will I think lose the taste for cheap Sugar Sugar drinks and and um you know desserts and and you'll you'll be looking for the higher quality ones because that's so corresponds to the taste that you're really looking for yeah absolutely AB absolutely there have been some ketogenic applications with Parkinson's recently that have had some good outcomes is that right uh recently I'm not sure there are there to my knowledge there are three papers that have been published on the ketogenic diet in Parkinson's disease um one was uh back in 2005 but first one was from Columbia University in New York Theodore van Italy was the first person and there there have been two since one from New Zealand Matthew Phillips and one from uh since cinnati Bob borian uh all three were small scale uh relatively shortterm um and I you know statistically perhaps there were results but clinically I would say were inconclusive yeah um so we've looked into this recently I haven't published anything on this but um I've got a YouTube channel from and we have a conference that we held um in November that is under the way the presentations were recorded so my talk about this is is on on that channel which I can send to you as well along with people speaking about other topics diabetes and so on uh very little is actually known about the glucose deficit in in the brain in Parkinson disease um and so we decided to Simply go in there jump in with both feet um and um look at that and also exercis is recommended in Parkinson's disease and we learned more or less by by accident that exercise improves brain Ketone uptake yes in Alzheimer's disease yes so we said why don't we put the two together we need to give a keto supplement plus exercise now we've got an increased supply of ketones we've got better transport into the brain this should have a double the effect yeah um and in indeed in Parkinson's disease we we only had 10 people so we did not even look at at at the symptoms of the disease I didn't want to be uh leave a false impression that we changed that the their condition but we've improved brain energy Rescue by nearly 50% by combining exercise with the Ketone supplement which was a ketone salt supplement yeah so that's preliminary results suggesting that if brain energy rescue is part of the solution to Parkinson disease that you can definitely magnify amplify the effect of the ketones with exercise yeah or amplify the effect of exercise with ketones yes yeah um so there's something to learn we don't know about the long-term feasibility we don't know about the um the real benefits for symptoms yeah um we don't know about whether this changes the amount of medication they need to take uh but the medication is a challenge for Parkinson's patients uh they're very motivated to participate in these kinds of projects but the if they if they miss their medication by even a couple of hours it's it has a dramatic effect on uh at least in in a few cases I know of personally cognitive status deteriorates quite quite rapidly if they're not able to take their medication so if there's some way to make the medication more effective with the ketones if that's possible and it's it's speculative for now yeah maybe that's what they've shown in those three papers that I just mentioned yeah and and maybe uh we can pursue that for the moment we don't have funding to do that sort of work either so it's um it's one of those limits yeah yeah well hopefully that changes you know uh your your work is is the kind of work that needs a lot more support right now I think um it's it's tremendously exciting in a field where we've heard for so many years that there's really nothing that you can do you kind of just get your Affairs in order but it does really sound like whether it's MCI or it's Alzheimer's maybe you just have a family history and you want to improve your brain health you want to improve your overall health um you know work like yours is pointing to some really important lifestyle changes that people can make that are within their control and influence uh that give them a better chance so uh what are you really excited for uh what are you really excited about in your field what you're looking at what you're working on right now what excites you well it's it excites me that compared to when I got to sherber 20 years ago uh where it was almost almost taboo to talk about ketogenic diets in any context except maybe epilepsy um to see the energy around this and that the public fora the public space that that now is dedicated to this kind of exchange and communication and self-help people like you uh didn't exist 20 years ago at least I not many of you um and and so I think that's been hugely beneficial to people who need an alternative who can't necessarily afford the drugs even if that would be Ben official they don't have the insurance Etc um and there are products that are available for research purposes not many most people trying to sell ketogenic salts or exogenous ketones are trying to make a buck and a placebo is of no is not going to make any money because they won't be able to sell it so it's really important to understand how ketones work especially in uh qualitative outcomes like cognitive like memory that takes an interaction between the tester and the and the participant and the possibility of influencing the the result uh by knowing what you're on is is is too great you need a placebo to avoid that so the placebo is critical to understanding these sort of soft targets they're the real clinical targets but they're harder to measure correctly yeah which is one of the challenges with MCI by the way M cognitive impairment is that you've only got a small deficit that you're trying to correct in the first place yeah person still remembers where their keys are they remember what the pin number is at the bank machine Etc so what are you trying to correct exactly and and the chances of seeing a benefit are small yeah I think uh there the issue of insulin resistance is is not something that just affects older people yeah it affects younger people it affects adolesence I I I'm horrified to think it probably affects children as well right now oh yeah yeah um and and it's associated with type two diabetes of course which underlies neurodegener disorders like Parkinson's like Alzheimer's yeah um even if you get forget about what's going on above the neck diabetes is a massive problem um how do you get insulin resistance under control it's all very well to have OIC out there for those of you that can afford it most of you are going to go off it that have started it anyway if even if you can afford it yeah um as Gary to said in his book rethinking diabetes yeah it's the carbs what's why are we resisting this idea that the carbs are part of the problem and therefore they're part of the solution what does it take for the medical establishment to buy in to reducing carbs 30% is all I'm asking I'm not asking you to go on a ketogenic diet yeah now of course my papers just came out so nobody nobody really knows about those results yet but it isn't older people anyway so I'm excited about the potential I'm also uh I think realistic enough after having been in the game for a while to realize that there's still a lot of um traction there's not a lot of traction there's a lot of inertia in the medical establishment about nutritional or metabolic uh treatments yeah people with uh with psychiatric disorders uh have insulin resistance uh even more Amplified by their medications in most cases so we're starting to work in in what's called metabolic psychiatry yeah and I'm very grateful to say that here at sherck the Psychiatry department has been quite receptive to us starting this work I was expecting all kinds of of reasons why this shouldn't be done or couldn't be done or would be dangerous to do and in fact there's there's quite a an opening to it so I'm hoping that that energy can be transmitted to other uh psychiatrists and um to to learn and to do the physiology of this because I'm not saying there there's no Magic Bullets in this business yeah we need to understand why things should change and and why a certain approach can be beneficial and whether it's safe and whether it's effective and whether it can last for a long time and there are things that we've been talking about for the past hour that fit that category so uh all power to you out there that that can apply it yourselves and uh within your families and and uh if we can help you do that so much the better beautiful beautiful uh that gain where can people find you your research your work your resources well we have a website that you can probably U put a link to uh when you post this and um we can we'll do that so send me a list of the things you want me to to provide in terms of links I'll I'll we'll make sure that people get this information and I look forward to being inundated with requests absolutely for information absolutely yeah no we'll link everything and then we'll link everything you want us to link because your work is extremely important it's uh it really is the tip of the spear right now we do have a big big challenge with insulin resistance with metabolic issues that are underlying a lot of chronic diseases including Alzheimer's and including the cognitive decline but you're right I mean it's uh everything below the neck and uh your work is uh is really highlighting the kind of lifestyle changes that they don't have to be extreme 30% uh lower carbs in our in our daily diet can make a huge difference in uh in in cognitive and just Health outcomes and our families are better for it so thank you for everything that you do thank you for everything that you've done Dr Kain um very grateful for you taking the time I know you're very busy and uh look forward to connecting with you very soon our our listeners are very grateful so thank you and uh thank you for the service for the invitation and and for the Serv service you offer to to people and I hope that uh if only one person out there is actually able to see a benefit then then you've you've done your job so let's make it two or three or 10 or or 100 absolutely absolutely thanks a lot Eddie all right thank you Dr Kine bye bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsjaktwo: Rewatching. Thank you, Gentlemen!
  2. @labbe52: 💯❤ Thank you so much from Sweden..
  3. @mrsjaktwo: I finally heard at minute 43-44 about the reason that Nestle wanted to participate in funding the research … to create a product to sell. As stated, it was sold in Europe, and it didn’t/hasn’t sold well. Honestly, GOOD.
I am all for capitalism, but these Big Food companies have benefitted, beyond the pale, on the negative  health impacts and resulting loss of lives of untold consumers.
Between Big Food, Big Pharma, Big Insurance and Big Govt, our only hope is to trust NONE of them and get busy looking at root cause, getting more sleep, a minimum of thirty minutes of activity a day, building muscle, getting the benefits of impact causing activity for our bones/joints/cartilage, and all of this works in tandem w/ a diet of real foods. And a more meat based, ketone promoting approach is key. As well as intermittent fasting.
It’s a big effort and commitment, but when you watch your own Dear Ol’ Dad suffer from Alzheimers, which could be bettered by what these Doctors discuss in this video, you will become much more motivated to not end up with the heartbreaking disease.
There ARE many things you can do!!!!
  4. @SherriWilliams-o8e: What is MCT? I must have missed it in the video.
  5. @MarianneGammon: Where are the links please?

- How Ketones are Essential to the Infant Brain | Dr. Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en how did you start researching ketones and and their role in brain energetics by accident uh it it it wasn't something I planned uh and sometimes the most interesting research we do or the results we find are things that we we don't anticipate and uh I was studying omega-3 fatty acid metabolism in in the brain it was something I did during my my uh post doctoral studies I had some techniques that allowed us to what they call put put a a stable isotope Tracer so not a radioactive tracer but a stable isotope so no no radioactivity involved whatsoever but uh if the molecule is is labeled with this Tracer you can find out where it goes and we were expecting to see a get changed to B to C in the omega-3 pathway if if people know about that that's to produce doco exoic acid omega-3 fatty acid but we found yes that was there was a fair amount of production of this labeled DHA but there was 10 to 20 times more of the carbon from the starting fatty acid in other molecules like cholesterol and palmitic acid and and saturated fatty acids in the brain and I was stunned uh because it's it wasn't we weren't looking for it and the cut long story short we were able to trace that back to the fact that some of the the process uh that how that happens is because there's a fair amount of oxidation not not not stress oxidative stress oxidation but what's called beta oxidation which is using a fatty acid as a fuel and when you break it down during early brain development you end up making ketones and those ketones are used as a fuel but perhaps equally importantly they're also used to make new fats in the brain because the brain makes during early development the brain makes its own cholesterol it makes its own saturated fatty acids it builds its own fat fat structure in the brain and key part of that I learned was via ketones so I was you know totally struck by this and it's either something you forget about and and you turn the page on it and you carry on with what you were doing before but I couldn't keep the lid on that story for very long and I was intrigued and I learned that there was an old history back in the 1950s and 60s of people doing research on this including by by Major Pioneers like Hans Krebs who was responsible for the kreb citric acid cycle which is an absolutely fundamental part of biochemistry and metabolism and it was one of his favorite topics so I thought if it's good enough for him it's sure as heck good enough for me as well and then let's just see where this goes and and so that that's how I got started and and I then I wanted to learn more about how they got metabolized and I couldn't really do that in Toronto my personal life uh got me more interested in coming back to Quebec where I had grown up and when I learned that sherb had the a marvelous Imaging Center and we wanted to hire somebody that that could eventually start studying Ketone uh Imaging by with PET Imaging facilities I jumped at the opportunity for both personal and professional reasons to to come to sherbrook and uh here we are yeah that's amazing you know when I'm hearing is ketones are core to all of these uh fat Creation in the brain um and they're they're really integral to the the infant brain right the the early childhood development the energy metabolism of of an early child um Ketone so ketogenic therapy some of that old uh research you talked about um ketogenic therapies have been used for infantile seizures right y well so that came out in the early 90s it's it's it's a 100y old story but it was mostly kept under wraps and unless you had some interest in seizures uh chances are you didn't know about it yeah until Merill stre uh did a movie um about this called first Do no harm around 1992 I don't remember exactly but it it was around about the same time I I stumbled over this story about ketones and brain lipid in in early infant development you're absolutely right that they do play a physiological role in early brain development we can come back to that yeah but these two uh things came together for me and and I learned more or less from that movie and then from the research that led to that movie that uh yes Ketone ketogenic diet has been used it was ostensibly the only therapeutic application of ketones uh was in infantile seizures um and it was considered a last at first 100 years ago there was no treatment for these seizures at all right so it became the only treatment and as soon as drugs were developed uh lithium valproate uh and and a series of other drugs each you know it led to let's try the drugs and then when the drugs worked it's obviously a simpler solution to the disease than trying to uh have such a dramatic restriction in carbohydrate intake in a child and and for how long no one knew at the time either yeah so it was always pushed to the back burner as an option and only when the drugs failed uh would would people come back to it and only in a couple of centers you're not far from from the the the original historically the site where this was most developed which is in Baltimore I guess it's some distance down the road from you but still um that's where the continuity between the 1920s and the 1990s that's about the only place where the the link was held if we' broken that link somewhere I think it would have disappeared so thank goodness to the People John uh John Freeman and and and colleagues um Sam Livingston before him who um who who kept that link alive and for very legitimate reasons that the families that benefited from it and the reason that movie was made was because it can have a dramatic beneficial effect um and lead to to a remission of epilepsy totally wow not in everyone but in a high enough percentage that it's a very legitimate um approach yeah and and and I think it helps to re literally rewire the brain because the infant brain is still developing and still time to let ketones do their job um and you know mother's milk contributes to ketogenesis in the infant because there are medium chain triglycerides in in the milk fat uh in mother's milk so it's not a coincidence that ketones are important for brain development they're they're furnished they're they're supplied to the infant on a on a daily basis for as long as they're on on milk W mother's milk yeah that's amazing that's amazing I mean ketone are Central to energy in the brain for an infant and uh there's not enough glucose in getting into the brain of an infant to keep the brain working normally makes total sense so they are an essential fuel we talk about them as an alternate fuel and only when you have a low carbohydrate intake fasting energy restriction blah blah blah that's true in adults but in infants they're an essential fuel yeah so I think that as you as you rightly Sur uh I think it's they're not only important for early brain development but they're probably the reason that we are the smart species amongst the primates and the mammals and so on is because we were able to channel um a source of energy out of ketones and out of the fats to help Supply the enormous energy requirements of the of the newborn baby of the brain of the newborn baby which takes about 70% of its energy requirements when it's born I think you men you've got children and um you know when they're born they they can't do anything right except make a lot of noise and and make a mess exactly yeah and yet the brain is consuming 70% of its uh of the infants energy requirements and and about a third of that is supplied by ketones yeah in part to help build the connection so that they can be start to coordinate movement and and so on to learn to speak and to walk and all that stuff wow um so that's the physiology ketones and if we can exploit that um in adults to help correct problems that have developed then so much the better it's a physiological mechanism that we're trying to return to

  Top Comments:
  1. @labbe52: 💯❤ thank you frrom Sweden..

- How nutrition affects the brain by Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en I'm very pleased to introduce Georgia Eid again psychiatrist um from the US who has done a lot of this written a book so Georgia inform us please thank you very [Applause] much good morning uh nice to be back with all of you again today uh so there have been some really interesting presentations and discussions about how diet affects physical and mental health over the past couple of days uh we have considered some very important questions things like how much carbohydrate should we eat how much fat should we eat how many calories should we eat how often should we eat what things should we not eat but one of the things that we really haven't talked very much about it all is what should we eat uh how do Foods the individual food choices that we make within our preferred dietary patterns how do those affect our risk for future mental health conditions and the course of of any existing mental health conditions we may already have so um and this was you food actually the brain actually cares a lot about your food choices uh and that's not something that I would have thought about when I was in medical school or residency as I think most women do I thought really of my food choices as purely a way of controlling my weight uh and and it wasn't brought up in in medical school residency this relationship uh but of course food does matter to the brain uh uh we were taught um the What's called the bioc psychosocial model of causes root causes of mental illness meaning that mental illnesses are thought to have psychosocial causes uh such as stress trauma of course your mother um and those kinds of stresses we were taught to address with Psychotherapy and we were taught that the bi the biological root causes of mental illnesses were largely neurot transmitter imbalances chemical imbalances in the brain this is a theory that's been uh dominant for the past 75 years and really the biological uh uh track and Psychiatry has has changed very very little over that period of time now it's not that uh neurotransmitter balances don't matter they do uh and it's not that the medications that address these neurotransmitter imbalances can't help sometimes they certainly can help sometimes it's just that they don't they really fail most people um they do help some people excuse me they do help some people but the price that people pay for the relief that they will sometimes get from these medications is often a a lot of U um physical health especially metabolic Health disturbances for example um within minutes to hours of the first dose of taking an anti-yo medication blood sugar and insulin levels can begin to rise so there are a lot of trade-offs here so and this is very interesting because I've been thinking about this week when it comes to the convers is we've we've talked a lot about obesity and type 2 diabetes and uh we actually have For Better or For Worse we have some medications that can help us with obesity and type 2 diabetes they actually work and uh if you can access them and tolerate them we really don't have for most people uh any good medication solutions for mental illnesses and this makes nutrition uh prioritizing good nutrition and finding alternative Solutions uh all the more important so medications are important I still use them in my practice even though I'm a nutritional and metabolic psychiatrist they have a really important place to play to play uh a role to play but uh you know I've become convinced uh very strongly that the most powerful way to change brain chemistry is through food because that's where the brain chemicals come from in the first place and I think all of us would agree that food must play some role uh we may also uh agree that this so so called sad diet the S standard American diet which is very high in ultr processed foods is probably not very good for the brain it certainly hazardous for the rest of the body why should the brain be any different but I think where we might uh come to some uh heated disagreements and uh passionate discussion is uh what should we eat instead of the standard American diet which dietary changes are most worth making and why there's no consensus around that question we have lots of opinions we have uh um so for example there are two uh relatively new uh sub Specialties within the field of psychiatry in the past 10 years or so the field of modern nutritional Psychiatry uh nutritional Psychiatry is a um a field established uh this term was coined by uh Dr Feliz Jacka a nutritional psych psychology researcher at the univers uh daon University in Australia and the the thought leaders most of the thought leaders in in the field of nutritional Psychiatry um uh recommend the Mediterranean diet over the standard American diet uh now I consider myself a nutritional psychiatrist because nutritional psychiatrists believe that uh the uh the decline in uh our Global mental health is largely related to the decline and the deter the decline and the quality of the modern diet so I absolutely 100% agree with that so uh nutritional psychiatrists for the most part a focus on the Mediterranean diet and with good reason there is actually excellent data on the Mediterranean diet particularly for clinical depression there are several randomized control trials now showing that if you switch from a standard American diet to the Mediterranean diet you can significantly improve uh symptoms of depression but just because the Mediterranean diet is better than the standard American diet for the brain does not necessarily mean that it's the best diet for the brain and there is uh there are several reasons uh to to think that it may not be now there's an even newer branch of uh Psychiatry uh called metabolic Psychiatry and this was a a term coined by Dr Shabani SEI who's here this week from Stanford metabolic psychiatrists are interested uh Less in the nutritional quality of the diet and more in the metabolic quality of the diet meaning that we are and I also consider myself a metabolic psychiatrist we are interested in the metabolic roots of mental illness uh in other words how does uh how does the diet that people are eating provide the brain with energy UHC and and we are primarily interested in the ketogenic diet because it energizes the brain so differently from every other diet and somehow we've gotten away I don't know how how this happened we've escaped uh defining what a ketogenic diet is it's already Wednesday conference is almost over uh but uh let me just Rectify that so uh I think a good definition is any way of eating uh that lowers insulin levels enough to turn on fat burning and generate clinically meaningful levels of ketones in the blood most people would say that that begins at around .5 Millo beta beta hydroxy mate now it doesn't have to be a low carb diet uh you can get intermittently into ketosis using intermittent fasting you can uh get into ketosis using a very low calorie diet even if it's high in carbohydrate uh but a ketogenic diet allows you to stay in ketosis without fasting and without uh Cal caloric restriction so typically is very low in carbohydrate uh moderate in protein not excessive in protein uh and obtains most of its uh calories from fat as opposed to carbohydrate so these are two very different diets and I and I hope that if you were here on Monday you were you were convinced or at least intrigued by the the what I think is the remarkable therapeutic potential of the ketogenic diet to improve uh even quite serious mental illnesses so how can both of these two very different diets one which is based in carbohydrate starches and Grains and the other which contains almost no carbohydrate at all how can both of those diets be good for the brain and is one of them better than the other I mean patients are very very confused about this so I think that whenever we're thinking about any diet uh I mean there are lots of other dietary patterns we could talk about you know low fat and vegan other kinds of diets how do we know which one is best for the brain and I think the only way we can really even begin to think about this question is to take a step back and instead of you know asking you know what your favorite diet how how your favorite diet whether it's the best for the brain is to ask what does a brain healthy diet need to accomplish and that way we can establish some maybe some uh logical criteria by which we could then uh you know compare our favorite diets too kind of as a as a yard stick as an objective yard stick so I hope these won't be too uh I I hope that we can gather some consensus around these uh I don't think there's a controversial a brain healthy diet should nourish the brain it should provide the brain with all essential nutrients it should protect the brain by excluding any ingredients that we are fairly certain damage the brain and it should energize the brain in ways that support healthy brain metabolism over the lifespan so um I think those are those are fairly not should be non-controversial uh so when whenever we're making any food Choice within whatever dietary pattern you wish we could be asking ourselves this question how does this food nourish protect and energize my brain is this doing anything for me or is this mostly doing something against me uh and so which foods are best at nourishing the brain now Whole Foods are certainly better at nourishing the brain than other foods but not all whole foods are created equal and it is just it it is inescapable this truth this biological truth that if you are trying to nourish your brain entirely with plant foods not with supplements or Ultra processed foods that have been fortified you you you cannot do this without including some animal food in your diet it's it's just a fact a biological fact uh this um uh this slide uh shows you the nutrient deficiencies uh for which uh people who are choosing a vegan diet uh this this were deficient in more likely to be deficient in than people who are eating other diets this was a study just published in uh 2022 conducted in the Netherlands very nicely written study so these are you know nutrients like vitamin B12 iron zinc iodine omega-3 fatty acids all of those nutrients are much more difficult if not impossible to obtain from plant Foods uh and uh and are are very easy to obtain from animal Foods so I want to give an example example of why even if a plant food contains a nutrient that you might not be able to access it and this is a little known nutrition secret uh so for example the grains and the glooms that form the the foundation of the Mediterranean diet are actually extraordinarily poor sources of micronutrients uh and they also contain antinutrients and so there are a variety of these listed here we're just going to focus on one for the sake of example which is phytic acid uh phytic acid exists in all grains beans nuts and seeds and it's a powerful mineral magnet designed to hold on to the mineral for the sake of the sprouting plant it certainly does not want you to uh to to uh obtain to access its minerals so phytic acid interferes with our ability to absorb iron calcium magnesium and zinc uh and I I use this slide in many presentations forgive me if you've already seen it but it's just a helpful uh example so oysters are the uh the food the whole food uh that is richest in zinc uh in the world so so if you eat oysters your zinc level will rise very nicely in the blood if you eat that those oysters with uh black beans then you will absorb less than half of the zinc from those oysters if you eat those oysters with corn tortillas you absorb virtually none of the zinc from those oysters this is not a subtle effect and minerals are very important for the brain um you know for many many uh many uh functions in the brain including uh affecting our neurotransmitter systems which drugs are trying to help us improve the function of excuse me so iron is a lovely example too because you know we take for granted that 20% of women around the world are iron deficient this is just really absurd that we would accept this because if you have iron deficiency you don't just have a blood problem you have a brain problem an iron is required for neurotransmitter synthesis and it is it is a an essential part of the electron transport chain inside mitoch contri where brain energy is generated not enough iron not enough brain energy so uh nourishing your brain requires that you include at least some animal food in the diet which foods do you need to exclude to protect your brain uh so of course the ultra processed foods that would be a great place to start um and a hearty congratulations to the UK because now more than 50% of your diet is no longer food it is now ultr processed ingredients um and second only to the United States uh where uh it is more than 60% of our foods and so when we're talking about what makes the standard American diet so dangerous for the body and for the brain it's not red meat and saturated fat those are ancient ingredients it's the modern ingredients that are so novel to our bodies these started as Whole Foods uh we're talking about refined carbohydrates and refin Seed oils these are the signature ingredients of all modern unhealthy diets so regardless of what pattern you eat you want to exclude refined carbohydrates and vegetabl O as much as you can so um these uh uh um so even if you're eating lots of healthy Whole Foods throughout the week and on the weekends you take a break and you treat yourself to something Ultra processed if you're eating too many of these ultr processed foods you've taken this beautiful brain that you've worked so hard to build during the week and you have dropped it into a very unhealthy environment of inflammation oxidative stress and insulin resistance these are the more recently discovered uh drivers of all kinds of uh Neuropsychiatric conditions and and physical conditions as well so how to refine carbohydrates and refine seed oils lead to excessive inflammation oxidative stress and insulin resistance and what are these things anyway we've talked a lot about insulin resistance but not so much with respect to the brain so inflammation and oxidation are normal part the normal first phase of our immune system they're healthy normal responses to to any threat so if you're eating a diet that's too high in refined carbohydrates uh your blood sugar levels will Spike too frequently and your brain sugar levels will Spike too frequently as well uh and uh that excess sugar in the brain's environment will literally stick to proteins and lipids and uh nucleic acids and other cell components and create these um crippled dysfunctional carmalized molecules called Advanced glycation end products and to prevent these from accumulating the brain mounts an immune response uh to begin to neutralize the clear away these ages uh and and and then is supposed to return the brain supposed to heal the brain and return it to normal that first phase of the immune response is uh brain cells releasing uh inflammatory cyto kindes to deliberately create inflammation and uh oxygen-free radicals to deliberately create oxidative stress these are the important first steps of the immune response but then they're supposed to be followed by a healing phase now uh this is supposed to be controlled temporary targeted but if you are eating foods containing refined carbohydrates three four five six times a day which is not at all unusual uh this process never has a chance to let up so what you've got is uncontrolled chronic inflammation and oxidative stress very dangerous for the brain we we are only beginning to uh understand how um how the toxic vegetable oils that Nina telz has done such a beautiful job on covering the dangers of uh in her book Big Fat Surprise in all of her research um we're only only beginning to understand how these affect the brain so vegetable oils are exceedingly unnaturally high in linolic acid a very fragile uh uh fatty acid um uh polyunsaturated fatty acid um what I understand so far about these which I researched for the book is that the brain absorbs linolic acid quite well but it really doesn't know what to do with it it it it what it does with it unfortunately instead of turning it into you know arachadonic acid which is an important uh U Omega important omega-6 fatty acid for the brain or turning into something else useful almost all the linolic acid absorbs it burns for energy that's not what you want the brain is not supposed to burn fat F acids for energy when it burns fatty acids for energy it creates a lot of inflammation and oxidative stress and the brain is much better at Burning uh glucose ketones and other small molecules uh so how do excessive inflammation and oxidative stress regardless of what causes them because diet's not the only cause you know smoking uh alcohol consumption other types of things can cause inflammation and oxidative stress but so how do contribute to m mental health problems one way is by creating neurotransmitter imbalances the very same neuro neurotransmitter imbalances that psychiatric medications are designed to Target so this is just one prime example of this is a a pathway in the brain called the kerine pathway so you can see on the left um the molecule tryptophan it's an amino acid an essential amino acid from dietary protein normally under normal circumstances as you see here we'll call this the Zen State um this is a the tryptophan a small amount will go down to make serotonin and melatonin important neurotransmitters but most of it even under normal circumstances will go to the right uh down this curine pathway where it's used to regulate the balance between two other neurotransmitters major neurotransmitters in the brain widespread Gaba and glutamate so you can think of Gaba as sort of the brain's brake pedal and glutamate as the brain's gas pedal uh Gab is the brain's primary inhibitory neurotransmitter and glutamate is the brain's primary excitatory excitatory neurotransmitter so the balance between these two Gaba and glutamate at any given moment essentially determines the brain's activity level at any given point in time uh so uh so what happens under the influence of excessive inflammation or oxidative stress is this something called the tryptophan steel where even less tryptophan goes down to make serotonin and melatonin and almost all of it goes down the bottom branch of the ainan pathway the neuro inflammatory pathway uh uh where so as a result what you get of this shift is you get less serotonin less melatonin more dopamine less Gaba and significantly more glutamate up to 100 times Baseline and if this state persists or occurs too often uh you it can lead to a a situation called glutamate excitotoxicity this is uh associated with many different psychiatric conditions are known to uh to be associated with glutamate ex cytotoxicity glut high levels of glutamate are very dangerous for the brain they directly physically damage proteins lipids nucleic nucleic acids which means that they can injure mitochondria weaken the bloodb brain barrier uh kill cells of the hippocampus and cause the hippocampus the brain's learning and memory Center to shrink so you do not want to spend too much time in this state of mind so uh how do you best energize the brain so we we understand that to nourish it you you should include some animal foods and stick primarily to Whole Foods uh um and and reduce the the amounts of foods that have antinutrients in them we know that uh to protect it you want to really avoid those refined carbohydrates and Seed oils that there are other things you want to do as well but this this is what we have time for today how do you best energize the brain it's really this simple what you want to do is keep your blood sugar and insulin levels under good control and so part of that of course is avoiding refined carbohydrates that there's two reasons then to do that um so how does the brain uh normally get energy uh so uh when glucose is traveling through the bloodstream um uh the the uh the amount of glucose inside the brain is always mirrors the amount traveling in the bloodstream it's proportional it's much lower inside the brain than in the blood but it's proportional so the higher the blood sugar the higher the brain sugar um so even people with severe insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes which is an end stage form of insulin resistance never need to worry about low brain glucose what they need to worry about people with insulin resistance which is now the vast majority of us uh is lowb brain insulin because when somebody develops insulin resistance uh if becomes harder and harder for insulin to cross into the brain glucose still waltzes in no questions asked but this uh if your insulin levels are running too high too often the uh insulin receptors on the bloodb brain barrier become resistant to insulin and uh those insulin receptors are needed to escort insulin into the brain so now you've got a problem on your hands so this is a paradox so the more refined carbohydrate you eat the higher your blood sugar levels will be uh but the higher insulin levels will be so high blood sugar high Blain sugar but over time paradoxically the higher the blood insulin the lower the brain insulin this is a serious problem because the brain cannot turn glucose into energy or anything else um efficiently to maximal capacity without adequate insulin and that leads to a situation uh called cerebral glucose hypometabolism which is just a fancy expression for SL sluggish brain glucose processing uh you're not processing glucose at full capacity if you have insulin resistance uh so essentially the brain can be swimming in a sea of glucose and still be starving to death that is a very serious problem and that is one of the driving forces behind Alzheimer's disease as we heard from Dr Steven Cain earlier this week um and as I was explaining on Monday uh the um all of the conditions on this slide all the psychiatric conditions on this slide are known to be associated with insulin resistance and or cerebral gluc glucose hypometabolism so obviously prevention is best right so once you have insulin resistance especially if it's more advanced uh you already have some compromise in your brain's ability to use glucose for energy so you want to prevent that situation because it's actually very difficult if not impossible to reverse that situation um once you're in that situation you're going to need an alternative fuel source so prevention is best uh and I think we really need to expand the narrative uh we think I mean again was I when I was in medical school and rency I I was not thinking about the health of any of my organs I was just thinking about how to control my weight and I think a lot of people do still and that's it's something people really care about but we need to expand the narrative Beyond obesity Beyond type 2 diabetes um to to brain health and you know under teaching people how important it is to protect their metabolic Health before it's too late because once it's too late you you often have to go to some measures that you might not want to go to to re-energize your brain and and Revitalize your um Revitalize your metabolism so what diet is best for prevention is one question what diet is best for treatment is another question so let's take some of the principles that we uh have just U gone through through today to uh translate those into some some basic brain food rules now there are others but we don't they don't have time for it but but these are your fundamentals to nourish your brain you want to include some animal food in the diet you want to avoid grains and legums if you can to protect the brain you want to avoid refined carbohydrates and uh vegetable oils and Ultra processed foods to energize your brain you want to avoid refined carbohydrate and you want to tailor your whole food sources of carbohydrates by which I mean fruits and vegetables fruits and starchy vegetables to your personal metabolic tolerance you may not need a ketogenic diet you may only need to understand what your personal carbohydrate threshold is it's a little different for everyone so um I'm going to come back to the Mediterranean diet because I I alluded to the my I said something a little provocative and I want to clean it up which is i' said that just because the mediterran Mediterranean diet is better for the brain uh than the standard American diet I mean really what diet isn't um uh doesn't mean it's necessarily the best diet for the brain uh so and I said that there are some good reasons to think that it may not be so what did I mean by that well let's use our new yard stick of nourish uh protect energize how well does the Mediterranean diet nourish the brain uh well it is grounded and it's found Foundation is nutrient po grains and legumes that are high in anti-nutrients that doesn't make a lot of sense to me I think you could choose a better Foundation how well does it protect the brain well it does discourage certain types of refined carbohydrates such as sweets sugar things like that but it also explicitly encourages other types of refined grains such as Breads and pasta so it's it's not it doesn't do as good a job as it could and it EXP explicitly encourages red wine consumption which as a psychiatrist I think that's just malpractice I if any patient comes to me and says oh Dr E you know a lot of trouble concentrating my memory is not what it used to be I'm so depressed I am not going to say to them you're not drinking enough red wine this is the problem go home drink more red wine come back next week I am sure you'll be feeling better so you know red wine is a all alcohol very uh potent promoter of oxidative stress a root cause of mental health conditions that we are trying to avoid by improving our diet uh so that doesn't make any sense at all um how well does it energize the brain it's simply too high in carbohydrate of all types refined and otherwise for the majority of us who now have insulin resistance and those of you wearing a glucose monitor can can check this out for yourself a lot of people think of a nice big bowl of oatmeal topped with blueberries as brain healthy watch your glucose monitor when you have that that uh that that for breakfast and see what happens so uh unfortunately the the Mediterranean diet while it is nutritionally better higher quality uh and healthier than the standard American diet pays almost no attention to metabolic quality uh so when I'm recommending a place to begin for the you know somebody who's trying to improve their diet I I recommend starting with a paleo diet instead of a Mediterranean diet because it it it it includes animal Foods as does the Mediterranean diet the Mediterranean diet does include animal Foods it's not a quote unquote plant-based diet uh but the the paleo diet explicitly excludes grains and legumes it also explicitly excludes all refined carbohydrates uh refined seed oils ultr processed foods and dairy but we won't talk about that today um and uh and but but what about energizing the brain the paleo diet May energize your brain beautifully if you have a healthy carbohydrate metabolism if you're you're lucky enough to still have that you might be able to tolerate you know all the fruits and starchy vegetables you wish I mean we were designed to do that as human beings but if you have insulin resistance it may uh contain too much carbohydrate even from fruits and vegetables for for you to be healthy only you can figure that out so um you may need to lower your carbohydrate intake uh you may need even to uh to uh go to a ketogenic diet so on a ketogenic diet so let's say let's say you have insulin resistance and it's severe enough that a paleo diet is not good enough for you um your brain glucose levels are still going to be spiking too high after you eat carbohydrate Rich meals uh your um and and your your brain insulin is going to be too low so your brain glucose is going to processing is going to be sluggish so you're going to need to go on a ketogenic diet to get some ketones uh rising in the blood which will cross easily over the through the bloodb brain barrier and and bridge that energy gap you know take up the slack that's been um uh uh that's been left by insulin resistance so it's a wonderful uh really a godsent for the insulin resistant insulin deficient brain but if you're eating a ketogenic diet please also be mindful of nutritional quality ketones are not all the brain needs the brain also needs nutrients and it needs to be protected so both metabolic and nutritional quality matter so I wrote this book to help explain many of these very controversial things that I'm recommending and and and others um I didn't write this book to try to control what people eat I'm I'm nutritionally pro-choice um I work with lots of people who eat uh so-called plant-based diets I and I will help people optimize the brain health of any diet they choose I want everyone to have a seat at the table when it comes to improving brain health there are lots of things you can do with your diet that will improve its brain healthiness uh even without uh including animal Foods or going uh on a ketogenic diet um but the reason I wrote this book is because it really breaks my heart to meet people every day they have tried so many medications they have tried so many diets they have tried meditation they have tried mindfulness they have tried psycho they've been in Psychotherapy for 10 years and they think they've tried everything and they think they're doing everything right the problem is they don't have the information about food and the reason why we don't have the right information about food is because as Nina telz and Gary tobs and so many other people have told you the science uh the science is is is wrong uh there the the there is no science behind the nutrition guidelines and headlines most of what we see uh so people have the wrong information and so what I want people to know is that you haven't tried everything there's so much more you can do if you have the right information and then it's your choice to decide whether or not you want to do that so I just want to tell people out there if they're listening and are struggling with these issues and think that there's nothing else left to try that hope is still on the menu thank [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @louiselawson7285 [10 likes]: She has saved our lives. 3 weeks in, and life is worth living.
  2. @Gypseygirls [9 likes]: I changed my diet to natural eating. My chronic pain is gone.  My mental depression and fear is gone..❤
  3. @JasminMusic1602 [3 likes]: 10 eggs a day and 500 grams of beef or pork every day is my mood and health power for years ! Carnivore my love
  4. @CahalanTennis [3 likes]: Does Dr Ede have her own YouTube Channel to provide nutrition for mental health?
  5. @Manda-b4m [3 likes]: I have a question - we're in the middle of the 6th mass extinction and have broken 6 of the 9 planetary boundaries.  It seems to me that at every level, we need to abandon industrial/chemical farming practices and move to regenerative agriculture (the real thing, not the 'no till plus glyphosate idiocy' and eat local diets with some meat, but not as much as we're eating now.   And I wonder how this is compatible with the concept that we need ketogenic diets for our mental health? In other words, how do we heal both the ecosphere and ourselves?
  6. @dassa0069 [2 likes]: I am no sugar/carbs, measured protein, unlimited brain boosting fats.
  7. @dassa0069 [2 likes]: Do you talk to Dr Tomas Seyfried PhD at Boston College?
  8. @yelinmanu7204 [1 likes]: Thanks ❤❤
  9. @Cotheosis [1 likes]: Skinner is slow. clunky, and loses sight of the puck
  10. @shamimarizwana2259: mediterranean diet is wrong, humans are carnivores, no plants!
  11. @CarCRibe: Very helpful, but why would we exclude nutrient-rich whole grains & legumes to nourish the brain? Which studies prove that?
  12. @julienoted: A lot trade-off?  Yep, an uninhabitable world is one.  Just imagine the mental health of those trying to survive on a dying planet.  You really should be accountable for what you dish up!
  13. @mjones1122: The book is fantastic.
  14. @aguy559: I’m buying her book!
  15. @jclaburn: This is a highly dangerous video by someone who knows something but is not an expert in anything!!!

A mountain of evidence supports the Mediterranean Diet and the similar Okinawa Diet. Almost all the people around the world over 100 with good brain health are on these diets not the one she claims is better.

For example, the Harvard Longevity Study found that Legumes and Olive Oil (as well as nuts) correlate the most positively with positive health outcomes. Whereas red meat, salt, sauturated fat, and ferrous iron are at the bottom: corresponding the most highly with every ailment including dementia.

The healthiest diet is the Mediterranean diet of healthy fat, including olives and olive oil and a little ocean fish, along with legumes, nuts, complex carbs, fruits, and vegetables, especially including sweet potatoes and rice which are the biggest staples in the brain and heart healthy Okinawa diet that lets people live to over 100 years old physically active and mentally clear.

Watch the videos of Professor Valter Longo—who is the leading expert on longevity in the world—for why the Longevity Diet is a Mediterranean Diet and also how you can do even better by periodically boosting ketones in the brain (and treat cancer) through a 5-day fasting-mimicking diet (monthly for cancer and several times a year for general health). These are much safer than habitually eating a high fat diet which leads to shorter lifespan in all the population studies or eating non-fish animal protein which always reduces lifespan.

Note that finds of a frozen patheolithic man in the north who ate a lot of meat had devastating artheosclerosis and was about to die of a heart attack if he hadn’t frozen to death. This video is filled with misinformation passing as science. The healthy Paleolithic remains we’ve found from other places ate a mostly carbohydrate diet of tuber roots and wild honey. Not meat. Actual anthropologists all say most Paleolithic humans hunter-gatherers survived on a mainly carbohydrate diet bc gathering provided honey and roots all the time while hunts were only successful periodically at certain times of year. Also note that humans need water sources to live so wherever people went, the lived and passed through sources of fish. One of the biggest common myths of pop culture is that cave men lived on meat. No, they dug for tubers like sweet potatoes, followed bees to find honey, gathered berries, and caught fish.
  16. @DetOxiKATEd: Awesome info. Thanks Doctor Ede. My biggest worry about keto is the smell. Is there any way to prevent my coworkers from this kind of suffering?😂
  17. @Follows-ed7mw: Wiser to review work by Dr Valter Longo.
  18. @Follows-ed7mw: Doubtful information by Ede here.
  19. @GR.GR3: what u think about ketamine or mushrooms ?
  20. @anthonytamaccio9092: Excellent presentation. Please use Zn for zinc.

- Q&A: Harvard Trained Psychiatrist Answers: Low Carb vs Keto and More: Kind: captions Language: en-US what is the difference between a low carb diet and a ketogenic diet? How high do ketones need to be for mental health benefits? How much protein should someone need on a ketogenic diet? How long do I have to stay on this ketogenic diet? With all the new evidence and new discussion about ketogenic diets for treating mental illness, there are bound to be a number of questions that come up over and over again. Well, welcome to our mailbag episode. In our mailbag episodes, Dr. Georgia Ede and I are going to address some of the most common questions that come up. So by introduction, I'm Dr. Bret Scher, I'm a cardiologist with a focus on ketogenic diets as medical interventions and I'm the medical director at Metabolic Mind. And Dr. Georgia Ede is a board-certified Harvard-trained psychiatrist who for over a decade has been treating mental illness with ketogenic diets. And we are going to start doing these mailbag episodes, where we're going to take your questions and answer them on air, on our videos and on our podcasts. So please send us your questions wherever you're getting this. If it's on YouTube, leave us a comment. If it's on Instagram or X/Twitter, DM us with your questions so that we can help address the most common concerns, that come up so we can help people be better educated to either discuss with their clinician, the best ways to potentially approach ketogenic therapy. So once again, enjoy mailbag episode number one, with myself and Dr. Georgia Ede. Georgia, welcome to our first mailbag episode. How are you doing today? Good. How are you doing, Bret? I'm great. I'm excited to get into these questions, because look, we get so many questions about ketogenic therapy for mental health and you've been doing this for over a decade. And how do you see it? Like a lot of these questions that we're going to talk about today and what you've experienced over the past decade or so, what stands out for you, about the importance of these questions? Well, you know, even so ketogenic diets in general for weight loss or for type 2 diabetes, blood sugar control, there are some basics that apply to everybody. But then ketogenic diets for mental health is a little bit different. There are some special things people need to know about ketogenic diets specifically for mental health. But the other reason I think it's good to go over these questions is because even for people who have been doing ketogenic diets for a while or think they have been, there can be some points of confusion or sticking points or places where people may not realize why they're not getting the benefits that they were hoping for. And there have been, there are some really common questions that even veterans of ketogenic diets for mental health, may help to get some clarity on those. So these questions are not just for beginners, they're for everybody who is interested in ketogenic diets for mental health. Yeah, I think that's a great lead in. And the first question, a question that comes up all the time is, Because often it seems like people can use the two terms interchangeably. But when it comes to mental health, they're probably not the same. So give us some of your thoughts on that. So the difference between a low carb diet and a ketogenic diet, a low carbohydrate diet lowers glucose levels. A ketogenic diet lowers insulin levels, not just glucose levels. So on a simple low carbohydrate diet, all you're doing is keeping your carbs very low. That won't necessarily get you into ketosis. It depends on who you are. So how low is a low carb diet? Most people would say, "Well, it's below 50 grams per day of carbohydrate." But some would even say that below 100 grams per day, counts as a low carb diet. And there are even some people who would say that the cutoff should be below 130 grams per day. But to be ketogenic, most people need to go below 50 grams and many people need to go down to 20 grams to have the chance of getting into ketosis or being in ketosis on a regular basis. So some people say that if you lower carbohydrate to 20 grams or less, then that is automatically ketogenic. But it's only ketogenic if you are producing ketones. And there are plenty of people who limit their carbohydrate to 20 grams a day. And that's all they're doing. They're not paying attention to anything else about their diet or lifestyle. And there are many people out there who are counting their carbs religiously, getting down to 20 grams and they are not in ketosis most of the time. That's a great point though. That is a great point because two people can be eating the same foods and that's quote a "ketogenic diet." But if you're not in ketosis, it's not a ketogenic diet for you. So it's one of probably the only diet that you can really test compliance or 'compliance' is the wrong word. You can test efficacy of the diet in getting the state that you want by testing your ketones. So I think that's such an important point that you just brought up. Now the other thing though that's really interesting is a lot of people can go on a low carb diet. Like if you're eating the standard American diet, 350 grams of carbohydrates per day with ultra processed food and refined carbs and sugars and you go to a 100 gram per day low carb diet, chances are you're going to lose weight. Chances are you're going to improve your metabolic health somewhat. Chances are you're going to feel better. do you think that's really enough to treat bipolar depression, to treat schizophrenia, to put OCD into remission? Not that we have randomized controlled trials showing all that, but we have lots of clinical experience with it. Is that where you see the difference between low carb and keto? Yeah. So as we were saying before, low carb lowers glucose levels and ketogenic diets lower insulin levels and you can't get into ketosis. You can't make ketones unless there are three steps to getting into ketosis. And so the first is you have to lower your blood sugar levels and a low carb diet will do that. The second step though is you have to lower your insulin levels to the fat burning point. And that we can talk about in a little while, may require doing more than just counting your carbohydrate. And the third thing you have to do is you have to burn off a certain amount of stored starch in the liver called glycogen. You have to burn down enough of that so that the body gets the signal, "Hmm, we're running out of carbohydrate energy, we better start burning fat." And when you're burning fat vigorously enough, the liver will turn some of that fat into ketones. It'll chop fat molecules. It'll break them down into these small fragments, these ready to burn fragments called ketones that cross the blood-brain barrier, and can bridge any energy gaps that might be there, supplement brain energy. And if you have a mental health condition that is rooted in brain energy production problems, then ketones are going to be essential for you to improve those symptoms of the mental health. That's very different than trying to get your blood sugar levels under control if you have type 2 diabetes. If you have type 2 diabetes and you want to get your blood sugar levels under control, you don't need to get into ketosis. You just need to lower your glucose levels. Yeah, such a critical point that it's getting the ketones in your brain that can really, I don't know, you can say supercharge the effect of your diet as like a sort of simplistic way of saying it. So yeah, I think that's really important note. Yeah, ketogenic diet is not just a low carbohydrate diet. It's a low insulin diet. So it's low enough that fat burning switches on & produces ketones. If you don’t see ketones on your meter, 0.5 millimole or higher on your blood ketone meter. It's not a ketogenic diet. It's just a low carb diet. And that leads us to our next question kind of perfectly. This is a question we get often, often, often. And of course, we can't give an individual recommendation to say "This is for you, where your ketone level needs to be." But in general, that question comes up a lot. So how do you respond to that? Yeah, so how high do your ketones need to be for mental health? That's the most common question I get from clinicians in my training program, and the most common question I get from patients. And so the answer is, we don't know. And it probably depends on who you are. Which is the answer that nobody likes, right? Nobody likes that answer. Nobody likes this answer. It is the truth and truth. The truth shall set you free. So emerging data from their pilot clinical trials, in particular, Dr. Iain Campbell's pilot trial for bipolar disorder, suggests that ketone levels do matter for symptom management. So at least in the early phase of treatment, in his study, for example, he found and people were measuring their ketones every day in his study, that the higher the ketone levels were, the better people's mood and anxiety and impulsivity symptoms were, for example, right? But this is very early days when it comes to the research. The newer trials that are going to be coming out soon, will have even more information about the relationship between depth of ketosis and degree of mental health improvement that will be really interesting. But if I had to guess, based on my clinical experience and that of my colleagues, is I think it's going to vary quite a bit. Depending on who you are, how metabolically healthy you are, what medications you're taking, what kind of condition you're up against, and really what's the root cause of your mental health problem. There are some mental health problems which I think are going to need very high ketone levels, things like neurodegenerative diseases, like Alzheimer's disease, perhaps bipolar disorder, and other conditions where we may not need deep ketosis at all. We may not even need to be in ketosis at all. I have got patients with anxiety disorders, for example, mild depression, certain types of ADHD, other types of milder conditions where they don't even need to be in ketosis most of the time or even at all. Some people just benefit from getting those glucose and insulin levels down. But most people, this is clinical experience talking and myself and my colleagues, aiming for somewhere between 1.0 millimole and 3.0 millimole is a great place to start. It doesn't mean that everyone is going to benefit in that range. Some people need to go even higher, and it doesn't mean that everybody needs to be in that range. But that's where most people are going to start to notice benefit is above 1.0 millimole. And really, we're talking about consistent ketosis, being in ketosis as much of the time as you possibly can. Yeah, such an important point that consistent ketosis. That leads to another question. When should somebody monitor their ketones? Now, we know ketone levels vary greatly during the day, and if you're checking once per day, you're getting a snapshot. We don't yet have complete wide availability of the continuous ketone monitors, although that's coming and they're available in some places, which I think can really revolutionize our understanding of ketosis and ketone levels. But when you're talking about a goal ketone level between 1.0 and 3.0 millimolar for treating someone's brain-based disorder, when should they measure it to get that best understanding of where their ketones are? Yeah, that's a really important question, Bret, because for example, if you're using a blood ketone meter, of course, it's uncomfortable. The strips cost money. You don't necessarily want to be testing many, many times per day to see what's going on with your ketone levels. So most people who are using a blood ketone meter, as opposed to urine strips or a breath meter, which are far less accurate and reliable, then many people may not be able to afford to or be able to measure more than once a day. So if you're measuring just once a day with a blood meter, there's no consensus about the answer to this question. But my favorite time to recommend is first thing in the morning when you're fasting, when you wake up. It gives you a really clean baseline. You can compare from day to day what that looks like before all kinds of variables start to interrupt your day, like exercise and stress and meal timing and food choices. So it gives you a clean baseline day to day. And the other thing, and I think this is another common misconception about ketogenic diets, I really find that my patients do best when they wake up in ketosis, not when they have to wait until later in the day to get there. And if you're testing later in the day, ketones have a rhythm and they do tend to rise in many people's, you know, towards the later part of the day. A lot of people are not waking up in ketosis. And so they're chasing ketones for the rest of the day. And they're only in ketosis towards the end of the day. And that's not going to give you in most cases, as good results as if you're in ketosis from first thing in the morning. Yeah. And I think another helpful tip is maybe in the beginning when you're first sort of learning about ketosis is to test multiple times then and to learn how your ketones vary during the day, how your meals affect them, how your exercise affects them. And then once you're more in sort of like a steady state, more of a routine, that's when you can, you know, because of the cost and the discomfort go to once a day. Although there's some debate, do you check when your ketones are highest or do you check when your ketones are lowest? And if you're going to check twice a day, you want to check when they're the lowest and the highest possibly. But if you're only checking once a day and you see that your pattern, do you want to check when you're the lowest or the highest? I would like the lowest because I want that low to be higher. And so I really think it's important for people to make sure that their lowest ketone levels are, you know, I would I would definitely not want to go below 0.8. But 1.0 is a nice floor, I think, for a lot of people. And as I said, some people will need that bottom to be even higher. But if you're testing at your lowest point, you'll know if you're actually falling out of ketosis, which is one of the most common reasons for poor clinical results. So if you're not getting the results you're looking for, it might be that your ketones are not high enough consistently enough. So another very common question is, "I think I'm doing everything right. And I'm trying to get my ketones in that one to three millimole range that I hear is most impactful for mental health, but I can't get it above 0.5. I can't get it above 0.8. And it's just inconsistent. What can I do to raise it, now with the caveat that this could be an hour long discussion in itself? But what are some of the highlights of what you think people can do to help with their ketone levels? Yeah, I mean, I've had so many people say, "Well, my metabolism must be broken, or, you know, I'm just different, or, you know, I'm too old, or whatever it is, I probably just, this is the best that my metabolism will do." And that's not true. So if your ketones are too low, your insulin is too high. It really is that simple. So to raise your ketones, you have to lower your insulin. And to lower insulin, you have to know what raises insulin. And everybody knows the carbohydrates raise insulin. And most people are doing a great job limiting their carbohydrate already. So carbohydrate raises insulin the most, especially processed carbs like sugar, flour, cereals, fruit juices. But protein also raises insulin, especially processed proteins like whey protein powder, raise insulin substantially. Whereas pure fat has virtually no effect on insulin level. So from a metabolic perspective, fat is the safest macronutrients you can eat. So carbs are the worst for insulin followed by protein, and then fat really doesn't touch insulin at all. So really, step one is getting your macros right. So because carbohydrates followed by proteins are the macronutrients that raise insulin, you can think of carbohydrate plus protein. The way I describe it in the book is that's your ketone control knob, because carbohydrate plus protein is your insulin control knob. The more carbohydrate and protein you eat, the higher your insulin levels will be, the lower your ketones will be. Ketones and insulin mirror each other like this when ketones or high insulin is low, and vice versa. So you want to lower your carbohydrate as much as you can. And since we have no biological requirement for it, you really can't go too low. And a lot of people already know to do that. But it's the overeating protein that is the most common problem that I see in clinical practice. And so I think that this is a really important thing. But there are other simple things people can do too, like eating less frequently, because everything we eat except pure fat raises insulin to some extent. So nothing is more effective at lowering insulin than not eating at all. It drops insulin like a stone. And that's the power of intermittent fasting. I mean, those are those are some great food related and eating related answers. But there's so much more that can still impact your ketones. Someone can say, "I'm following all the recommendations and my ketones still aren’t up." But you know, you get to ask "How are you sleeping? How are you exercising? What's your stress level like? Where's your cortisol levels at based on that stress?" etc. So do you find in your in your practice that those impact the level of ketosis as well? Yes. So although those affect glucose levels, right? So stress, for example, affects glucose levels. So there are two places that glucose can come from. Everybody knows you can get it from food. But even if you're not eating any carbohydrate at all, even if you're eating no visible carbohydrate, let's say you're eating a carnivore diet that has no carbohydrate in it, no visible carbohydrate. That doesn't mean that your blood sugar can't go up. Your blood sugar can go up because there's another place that glucose can come from and that's from your liver. So under stress, for example, if you've got stress hormones like adrenaline and cortisol, surging through your bloodstream, that sends signals to your liver, to break down the starch that it stored away and break it down into glucose and release it into the bloodstream. So this is how medicines like prednisone, steroid medications can raise blood sugar, really quite substantially is because they trigger that cortisol liver mechanism. So there are definitely other things that can cause problems with with glucose levels that are that have nothing to do with food. So yes, cortisol is a major player. Yeah and so there's also, you know, if someone is, you know, their insulin levels are low, they're kind of doing everything "right", it does seem like some people just have trouble getting their ketone levels up. So at some point, do you recommend exogenous ketones or MCT oil, coconut oil, things like that to help boost ketones if they find they feel better from a mental health standpoint at those higher levels? So there's something else I would recommend first before we go to adding supplements and things like that. And that is exercise. So because again, these three things have to happen before your body is going to fire up your fat burning machinery. So your blood sugar levels have to come down, your blood insulin levels have to come down, and you have to burn off some of that storage starch in the liver and working muscles will help you in this regard. So working muscles soak up glucose like a sponge from your bloodstream, no insulin required. So you can lower your glucose without an insulin spike and exercise triggers the liver to break down stored glycogen to make glucose for the muscles to use for energy. So it starts burning down some of that storage starch in the liver. So that can help you get into ketosis faster and stay in ketosis more consistently. Kind of the bottom line with getting into better ketosis before you start looking at supplements, this is going to sound, this is going to sound strange, but it really is eat less and exercise more. The famous advice, within the context of a ketogenic diet, though. That's great. All right. So you've talked about protein raising insulin level. So there's always this question that comes up about how much protein should I eat on a ketogenic diet? And again, it's going to vary from person to person. But first, there's an assumption that ketogenic diets are by definition high protein diets, which they are not. And second, there's a concept that, you know, the RDA for protein is 0.8 grams per kilo, which we know is maybe adequate for survival, but not optimal for metabolic health and lean mass development. So with all that as a long lead in, how much protein should someone need on a ketogenic diet, if they're using that ketogenic diet for a mental health benefit? The same amount of protein that everybody needs, regardless of what diet you're eating, the protein rules are the same for all diets. And so the main message is that the amount of protein that you need, just it depends. It varies, but that varies within a very widely agreed range. So like you said, there’s no—there’s controversy. There's no consensus around how much protein do we all need. Many of us would look at the standard recommendations and think that they're too low. And but there are also many of us who think that they should be much higher than others of us might. So there's not a lot of agreement. But there are some things about which I think we can all agree is that protein requirements vary depending on how old you are, how tall you are, how active you are, and your health situation. So for example, whether you're recovering from an injury or you're pregnant or you're breastfeeding, that will affect your protein requirements. And if you're very physically active, athletic, that may also affect your protein requirements to a small extent. So, but it's a broad range, depending on who you ask, but to keep it simple, especially for people who think in pounds, as opposed to kilograms, which is just harder for a lot of us to think and in the United States, anyway, it's somewhere between half a gram and a whole gram—0.5 to one gram per pound of ideal body weight. I would say do not go below 0.5 grams per pound of ideal body weight, and that nobody should need to go above one gram per pound of ideal body weight. And so somewhere in the middle there is probably the sweet spot for a lot of us. But if you're very physically active, metabolically healthy or growing, you might need to be on the higher end. If you're sedentary, have a lot of weight to lose, you may or older, you might need to go a little bit lower to get into ketosis. So that range, and the math is easy because let's say that your ideal body weight, is say you're a woman, 120 pounds, your 5'4, that's easy to do the math. You don't want to go below 60 grams per day, and you don't want to go above 120 grams per day. And somewhere in the middle is probably going to be where most people are going to fall. Yeah. And part of the great part about ketogenic diets though, is you can measure its impact, right? You can measure your ketone level. So it really is possible for someone to titrate their protein level if they're doing sort of a controlled experiment, that's the only thing they're changing. You could really titrate your protein and see how it changes your ketone levels. But it's funny, this discussion about pounds and kilos, if we talk pounds, we lose all the Europeans. If we talk kilos, we lose all the Americans. It's like, why can't we agree? Why can't we just pick one metric? That's awful. So don't go below one. So one gram per kilogram would be the absolute lowest, but more like 1.2 to 1.7 grams per kilo ideal body weight for those of you who think in kilograms. Right. And it's also really important to define your goal. If your goal is a ketone level to treat a mental health condition that's very different than if your goal is building lean mass and trying to build muscle. And one might be on the lower side and one might be on the higher side. So you got to define your goal as well, which I think is so important. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Another very common question is, "Alright, well, I'm going to try ketogenic diet for my mental health condition, because I've heard so much about how it can improve and see the research, etc. But how long do I have to stay on this ketogenic diet? Is it forever? Is it just a few months? What do you think? Well again, we really don't know, we don't have enough data to be sure about this. But we do have information from, for example, the field of epilepsy to tell us that there's some intriguing information from the history of many decades of using ketogenic diets to treat epilepsy. And that intriguing information is that some children who were following ketogenic diets for seizure control were after a few years able to stop the ketogenic diet, go back to eating normally, and their seizures never returned. So that suggests that at least in those cases, that some very deep and permanent healing had taken place. And so we don't know if this is possible yet in the field of psychiatry, or for adults. So for mental health conditions other than epilepsy, or for adults, I can tell you that from my clinical experience, some of my patients, a small number of my patients have been able to, after a while, kind of loosen up their diet around the edges, not go back to the way they were eating before, clearly, but just loosen their diet up around the edges, not being deep ketosis all the time, or, you know, add a few foods back in that they enjoyed, and they were able to maintain their mental health benefits. But most of my patients, that has not been the case. So most of my patients have seen their symptoms return within 24 to 48 hours of falling out of ketosis. But that's a really important learning opportunity, right? It's a great, in a certain way, it's a great experience to have because it tests, you're kind of testing the waters, right? To see, okay, where is the boundary for me? And what is the safe outer limit for me? And because we're human beings, pretty much everybody does this eventually, they test the waters. That's how I know because pretty much all of my patients try this. And most of them do not get away with it. Yeah, I mean, it's really amazing that, you know, we've heard people share their experience that, you know, on the weekends, they eat with their kids, they kind of eat whatever they want. And then during the week, they go back into ketosis, and they don't really notice a return of their symptoms. But interestingly, one individually says, "Alright, if I do it on the weekend, I'm okay, but if I stretch that to Monday or Tuesday, now all of a sudden, my symptoms come back." But yet, on the other hand, if someone drops below three millimoles per liter, that's when they experience their symptoms come back. So it really is interesting how much variability there is. And this is where, I mean, we all have to sort of become our own scientists in a way and learn. But the safest thing, if you don't want to experiment, if you don't want to risk it, stay in ketosis. I mean, you know, there's really no harm, other than, you know, giving up the foods that you may be missing. But that seems like a fair trade off for preventing a relapse of a serious psychiatric condition. Would you agree with that? Absolutely. Absolutely. And as you were saying, there is no evidence to suggest that a well formulated ketogenic diet should be risky to any aspect of health long-term. And so there's no reason to believe that that would be unsafe. And this is one of the things that a lot of people worry about with the ketogenic diet. They think, "Well, you know, this is a diet just for extreme circumstances, dire circumstances, special situations. There's some risk involved, so I don't want to stay on it too long. There's no risk that I'm aware of that's been shown in any, there's no theoretical risk or, demonstrated risk for a well formulated ketogenic diet that contains all the nutrients you need, enough protein, enough calories, nutritious foods for your needs. There's no reason to believe that being in ketosis for the rest of your life would be dangerous. Alright. Well, Georgia, I think this has been a really good exploration of some of the common questions we get, but of course there are many more. So I want to thank you for joining me today, but also sort of, you know, plant the teaser. We're going to do this again. And we're going to talk about, what happens if keto doesn't help your mental health or what if it makes it worse or, you know, some of the more specific things about the ketogenic diet, like sweeteners and dairy and like the processed foods and baked goods and things like that. And also this big comparison about, you know, vegetarian diets versus keto diets, who lives longer? What do we know about that? So thank you for joining me for this. And I look forward for episode two, where we can get deeper into these other questions. Me too. And I hope people will send in their questions, you know, because we really want to hear from you about what you think is most important, what kinds of things you're struggling with or what kinds of curiosity questions you have about ketogenic diets for mental health. So I hope we hear from you. Yeah. And like I said, in the intro, wherever you're watching this, if it's on YouTube, comment on YouTube, if it's on Instagram or Twitter/X, send us a DM. So we want to hear from you. So great point. Thank you. Our favorite thing is questions, so bring them on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ejidjp1i [2 likes]: According to Chinese medicine, the meridian pathway of digestive system is from 7 a.m to 3.p.m. It means your digestive are more active during these times. So when it comes to intermittent fasting, quitting dinner is the best option.
  2. @sandystrait3878 [1 likes]: I had to come back to this episode.  Really fantastic.  I wish for a community of like minded people to engage with.  So often I feel like an alien in my own life trying to live my life and choices in a way that I believe are having drastically positive side effects.  It is difficult to be surrounded by people who view this supposedly extreme approach as lunacy.  Thanks for representing the information in such a digestible way.  It's far less confusing once it's framed correctly by an understanding of the factors. 

I might alter the phrase Eat Less, Exercise More to something like Eliminate carbs, Eat Less Often, Exercise Enough.  I have a loved one who is plagued by schizoaffective disorder with bipolar and psychotic features.  Abilify keeps them stable for now.  Praying for a chance to support them with this thoughtful approach to metabolism and ketogenic intervention.  Much Love from Vancouver, WA.
  3. @AnneFallible2 [1 likes]: i don't understand the prejudice against breathalyzers. Mine is excellent. I use the KETOSCAN. I can feel when I'm in ketosis by the way my tongue feels (sounds strange, but it's true). Then I test my breath and it confirms it by the numbers. AI can tell you how breath numbers relate to blood numbers. I used to use KetoMojo but the strips are too expensive! I test my breath 2 or 3 times a day. After 320 uses I send the meter to the company for a replacement filter. I've  got no complaints.
  4. @petralincoln9503 [1 likes]: 🥩🍳🥓🧀🙋‍♀️🧀🥓🍳🥩
  5. @cates_keto [1 likes]: I call the Ketogenic Diet “The promised land” of metabolic health. I did not have any mental health issues (but maybe…) but how i feel now there is BK (Before Keto) and AK (After Keto) ❤
  6. @Carolina_Bean: I have ADHD, hEDS, and suspected Dysautonomia. I want to pursue this, but I want to gain weight while I do it instead of losing it like most people. I’m interested in this for physical pain management benefits, and mental health, but I’m scared that that would make me lose weight, which is not ideal for me. Is there a way to do this while remaining in a calorie surplus?
  7. @BilliRook: How do you know that you are producing ketones?
  8. @artemis6628: Have been carnivore for 8 years, enjoying all the benefits of this lifestyle. However I barely get into ketosis, if then only moderate usually for short time in the morning. My glucose is reliably below 100 through the day. Don’t know what to do to get into ketosis, eat twice a day only eggs some bacon, and ruminant meat.
  9. @reb460-e2c: Thank you. Watched in July 2026.  For protein requirements at about minutes 22 - 24:
What is ‘ideal body weight’ and how is it calculated? I haven’t found a clear unambiguous definition. Thanks again
  10. @reb460-e2c: Thank you!  Great reminder at about minutes 5 -7 that there are THREE steps to get into actual ketosis.
  11. @Karls942: Excelente ❤❤❤❤ information😊
  12. @רותימויאל-ל4ה: A family member had a psychotic episode and Keto really helped. However, it seemed to create sleep issues- hard to fall asleep sleep, Heart palpitation. What can be done about that.
  13. @peacebewithu9684: I have lowered carbs and have felt my mental anxiety improve but I don’t know if my carbs are low enough for me to be considered being in Ketosis. I eat around 80-100 carbs a day. Any thoughts or anyone else in my boat?
  14. @NatC1975: What about Cholesterol levels, guys, when it’s already high? I mean we can all do this, but what about heart attack risk when already nearly there. What’s your response to that as a medical doctor?
  15. @EdAnderson-v9c: Have been working on mental health since 2004. 6 months on Low Carb. Mental health stable. Mostly 50 carbs. No reading on urine stick. Any advice?
  16. @Morningdovecamp: Great segment. Very informative. Thank you 🦖🥩🦖🥩🦖🥩🦖🥩
  17. @breizizel3256: The american food is one désastre ! The model  for all the world !   ?  😢je
  18. @mglynn33: Thank you for all that you do 🙏
  19. @chuckharrel8272: How will you help a T1D?  DKA is an issue!
  20. @MMartin-pt9yv: Does low-carb not reduce Insulin ?? That would be surprising.

- Metabolic Psychiatry: How Diet Impacts Mental Health | Chris Palmer | One Scientist's Mind: Kind: captions Language: en-US (gentle music) - Hi, I am Irene Hurford. I'm the Clinical Director for One Mind, and I'm here with Christopher Palmer, who's a psychiatrist and an assistant professor at Harvard McLean. Hi Chris, nice to have you here. - Hi, Irene. Thank you for inviting me. - Okay, well, so in the tradition of psychiatrists everywhere I think I'm gonna start with, tell me about your mother. And how your life with her led you to the path that you're on now. - My mom had two different lives and they were separated in time about the age of 42 for her. And prior to the age of 42, my mother very desperately wanted a simple middle class lifestyle with a large family. She and my father were both Catholic. They wanted a large family with 4 kids. They ended up with 8 kids and that was really what she wanted. And then through a series of really horrible and tragic events in her family of origin she was extraordinarily stressed and had what she called a nervous breakdown. I think in psychiatric terms today, it would have started as severe depression with suicidal ideation. It quickly began to include psychotic symptoms. She became quite delusional. She believed that she was Mary Magdalene. She believed that the world was ending, that a priest that she was going to was Jesus Christ coming back for the end of the world. She began to get really paranoid. She became convinced that my father was the devil, like literally. And they ended up divorcing. The courts were not kind to her. She literally lost everything. She lost her business. She got almost no money whatsoever. She got no support. She got no alimony. She lost her home. She lost custody of the 8 kids. She was very suicidal. So I decided to leave my father and 7 brothers and sisters at the age of 13. And I went to live with her because I wanted to save her. And there was a period of time that we were actually homeless together. And my first day of high school was from a homeless shelter. After about a year of that she decided she couldn't take care of me anymore and I went back to live with my dad. The short end of that story is that my mother never got better. She got psychiatric treatment, but it didn't help her one bit. And I was angry and furious with the mental health field for being so incompetent. And when I saw what happened to her and how her life was devastated I thought that this was extraordinarily unfair. I was angry at the courts. I was angry at everybody because she was a really good, smart hardworking person who did not deserve what she got. - [Irene] Yeah. - I remember how angry I was at the psychiatrists for giving her medications that only made her sedated. They made it so that she couldn't walk a straight line. She said she felt drugged. She looked drugged. And she was still crazy. They weren't doing anything. And I was furious. And for the last 27 years I've been on the other side of that equation. - And felt the helplessness that they probably felt. - I'm the one prescribing those pills. I'm the one doing those treatments. And patients aren't necessarily getting better. - I know it. It's a difficult place to be. - It is. - Okay. Well, that brings us to your theory of brain energy. Can you describe it for our viewers? - I can. It's audacious and it'll seem shocking, but I am arguing that actually all mental disorders are metabolic disorders of the brain. In order to connect all of the risk factors that we know with certainty based on decades of evidence in order to connect all the risk factors that play a role in mental illness, we actually have to rise above them all. We know that they are different in different people. We know that different brain regions are affected in different people with the exact same diagnosis and that doesn't make them less real. The people are exhibiting the same symptoms. And so instead, we need a theory that can integrate all of the risk factors, and that can explain why would these risk factors come together in a biological way to cause the brain to malfunction. - And in essence that is what the brain energy theory does. Can you tell us how metabolism and you go on to talk about in your book, mitochondrial functioning actually does tie all of sort of mental disorders together. - You know, on the surface, metabolism and mitochondria are different things. So metabolism is really fundamental to the definition of life. And so in that respect of course, mental disorders are related to metabolism. Anything biological has to be related to metabolism somehow or another. And in fact researchers have identified metabolic abnormalities in the brains and bodies of people with mental disorders since the 1940s. This is nothing new. We have known about differences in lactate, in glucose metabolism, in oxidative stress, and all sorts of other metabolic biomarkers since the 1940s. And we've been doing all these brain imaging studies, identifying differences in brain function in different people. And almost all of the functional brain studies are measuring brain metabolism. That's what they're measuring. So at first glance saying that mental disorders or metabolic disorders offers nothing new, most people who actually are experts in this space would say, "Well, that doesn't really tell us anything." Of course they're But when you take a larger perspective of what is controlling metabolism and what does it even mean to have a metabolic disorder, What does a metabolic disorder mean? And make no mistake, metabolic disorders are real. - Oh yeah. - We call them obesity and type two diabetes and cardiovascular disease. And it turns out people with mental illness are more likely to have those disorders. with those disorders have mental illness. And when you ask big picture questions like that, like what is metabolism, what's controlling it, what does it mean to have metabolic dysfunction? It leads you to mitochondria. And over the last 25 years the scientific field has exploded in terms of helping us better understand exactly all of the different roles that mitochondria play in cells. When you do a deep dive into the science of all of those roles, you start to learn that mitochondria are actually the primary regulators of neurotransmitters and neurotransmitter release. You learn that mitochondria are actually the primary regulators of hormones like cortisol, estrogen, and testosterone. are primary regulators of inflammation. Mitochondria are of the function and structure and development of cells. And when you understand that, you can begin to connect for mental illness. And when you look at the big picture and ask yourself, "Well, what happens if a cell doesn't have enough mitochondria or if those mitochondria are somehow deficient?" You actually end up with a fairly simplistic model of how a cell can malfunction. And it's interesting because it can be polar opposites. A cell can become underactive when it is metabolically compromised. But fascinatingly, a cell can become overactive And those explanations and those concepts help us piece together how all of the risk factors for mental illness fit together. They converge on mitochondria. And if you understand that mitochondria can become dysfunctional, you can begin to understand why certain regions of the brain might be overactive or underactive. And that results in symptoms that we call mental illness. So how did you come to this? What was your eureka moment where it all sort of converged for you? - There were a few eureka moments along the way. I think the first one was when I helped a patient with schizoaffective disorder lose weight. My goal was to help him lose weight. - Right. - And we decided to try the ketogenic diet. And within 2 weeks, not only was he losing weight, but I began to notice dramatic and remarkable reduction in his psychiatric symptoms. That process led me to understand that the ketogenic diet is actually an epilepsy treatment. And we use epilepsy treatments all the time in psychiatry. And it turns out we've got decades of neuroscience on how the ketogenic diet affects brain function. And so that ended up leading me to mitochondria. Mitochondria led me to understanding all of these new powerful roles of mitochondria and their influence over inflammation and neurotransmitters and hormones. And I'm thinking it can't be this simple. There can't be one place in the cell or in the human body that all of these things converge because this is what we've been looking for in psychiatry all along. We've been trying to understand why are hormones dysregulated in people with mental illness. The biggest eureka moment for me was that early on I really struggled with a conundrum. And that is that we prescribe medications that cause metabolic harm. And we know that with certainty. It's on the package insert. We prescribe medications that cause weight gain, that cause two type two diabetes, cardiovascular disease, premature mortality, at least in the elderly. And that cause neurological problems. And we know based on decades of research that the medications are actually impairing mitochondrial function. And that was extraordinarily confusing and perplexing for me early on. I was like, "This can't be then." Because we have all these clinical trials showing that they reduce symptoms. So how can I make sense of this? - And how did you? - It was the paradox of metabolic dysfunction in a cell can lead to underactivity or overactivity. Hyperexcitability is what it's called in the neuroscience literature. And when a cell is hyperexcitable there are kind of two ways to fix it. One would be to help restore its health and give it more energy. But while you're trying to do that it might make the cell hyperexcitable again, which means symptoms, psychiatric symptoms. The other way to stop a hyperexcitable cell is to basically shut it down. If you impair energy going to that cell, that cell will have less hyperexcitability. And that is the paradox that treatments that we prescribe even though they cause metabolic harm may reduce symptoms at least in the short run. - Well, that actually brings me to my next question, which is some of your thoughts around antipsychotics specifically, and some antiepileptic as well might frighten people off from using them. And yet, as you point out, sometimes they're lifesaving for people at least in the short run. So, can you say more about how you do make use of them and how you don't? - So first of all, I want to say if anybody is on psychiatric medications and they want to reduce them or stop them, they must must do this with the help of the medical professional. It is extraordinarily dangerous and sometimes life-threatening to stop your meds cold turkey. You're a psychiatrist, I'm a psychiatrist. We've seen it many times. It is a nightmare. - Yeah. - It is dangerous. Please don't do it. - Agreed. - There's no doubt can lead to situations that are dangerous and life threatening. People can be suicidal, they can be agitated, they can be combative, and this can be dangerous to both themselves and people around them. And in those situations, safety is of utmost importance. And it is important to use any means necessary to keep those people safe. And there is no doubt antipsychotic medications play a role in that. I'm a licensed psychiatrist right now. I don't have the authority or even the ethical right to go against standards of care. And I don't. And the standard of care is to use antipsychotics in certain situations as a first line treatment. And I continue to do that to this day. What I am hoping is that this theory and this science that it might inform may change our field, may really result in a paradigm shift. And maybe 10 or 20 years from now we will use different approaches to somebody who comes in with a non-dangerous psychotic episode. - Okay, and so if somebody comes into your office psychotic episode do you start them on the ketogenic diet at that point? Or do you wait? How do you incorporate the ketogenic diet into your treatment? And I saw that you had lots of treatment things that was not simply ketogenic diets, but that was, I think one of your eureka moments. And so I'm curious about how you use it clinically? - So again, I am an evidence-based psychiatrist and a licensed practitioner and I use evidence-based treatments. I only use the ketogenic diet and people with treatment resistant illness. When patients come to me with chronic mental disorders and they want to try a metabolic approach to treatment, I will try many metabolic approaches. But as you alluded to, the book is about so much more than the ketogenic diet. The book includes other dietary interventions. But a lot of standard basic common sense treatments that everybody knows about directly affect mitochondrial function, alcohol, marijuana, their primary mechanism of action in the human body and the human brain is actually on mitochondria, believe it or not. And we know they play a role in mental illness. Sleep impairment plays a direct role on metabolism in mitochondria. We know that sleep impairment can cause mental symptoms or exacerbate episodes of mental illness. So it really is about taking a comprehensive holistic approach to treatment. your book provides lots of testable hypotheses. What are a couple that you're most excited about moving forward with? - Already underway we have at least 5 controlled trials of ketogenic diet for serious mental illness, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. I think what I am most probably passionate about testing is this more comprehensive treatment plan to work with patients and look at all of the factors that might be harming metabolism and work to safely reduce or eliminate those factors. But at the same time introducing treatments that can augment metabolism or improve metabolism in mitochondrial function to see how many patients we might be able to get better. At this point, I actually believe most patients, certainly more than 50% of patients could get better with a metabolic treatment approach. - Wow, that's amazing. Well, I wish you luck. I can't wait to see what comes next. It was nice to talk with you. - It was great talking with you. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @5521xoxo [5 likes]: This doctor is such a blessing ❤
  2. @SmartLivingDaily [4 likes]: Chris, l thank you for being there for your mom and for the rest of the world, myself included.
  3. @samanthagross6706 [3 likes]: this story resonates with me because I grew up with a mom diagnosed with a mental illness and she didn't eat a healthy diet, she had diabetes and she had depressive symptoms and psychotic symptoms, while i was growing up and medications she took always made her very tired
  4. @aujax1 [3 likes]: it sucks how mentally ill people get blamed for their mental illness, but people with many other diseases dont. its hard for people to separate the illness from the person.
  5. @АтанасАтанасов-ш3б [2 likes]: Mhm
  6. @WilliamPeck1958 [2 likes]: In the mid1930's, they stuck my grandmother in a mental institution when her children were under the age of 10, then they forgot about her, as they were all ashamed of her. She died in 1970 when I was 12 but they always told me she was dead.

Although they forgot about her, her  life had generational impact on her children and grandchildren, in many ways.

Now I'm looking for her grave.
  7. @DA-uz8qb [2 likes]: Mitochondrial Dysfunction is a primary model for the cause and progression of the following states:

- Cancer
- Diabetes Mellitus
- Mental Disorders (OCD, BPD, anxiety, depression, and many others)
- Neurodegenerative Diseases (AD, PD, HD, ALS)
- Obesity
- CVD
- COPD
  8. @SamP857newark [1 likes]: Stop saying " mhmm, uhuh " lol
  9. @michaelmekonnen64 [1 likes]: Bezih video laye yayehut be hiyewot laye tiru lewet endameta endemiredang awekalehu (befit laye sport betam yemeserabet gize doctere yemiwesedewin medehanit ande becha adergot nebere. Ahune laye freedom yelenim befit laye balawekubet gizeyatoch betam tekmong neber. Ewenet lene bemaseb kehone megemereya freedommen setunig ena selelelaw yeteshale wisane ewesdalehu.
  10. @blancal1004 [1 likes]: Wow, what a painful testimony about his mother’s journey and his own personal journey with mental illness. This is what makes him a dedicated doctor.
  11. @lisababer9442: There is something more then a diet in this 9:50
  12. @treva1514: I love to listen to Chris Palmer speak, and detest hearing this host continually repeat “uh-huh!”
  13. @robertamurphy1124: A broken heart is how the Light gets in. Love heals all wounds.
  14. @robertamurphy1124: Post partem.
  15. @nadinehossam8582: Respect from egypt ❤
  16. @becoached5887: What an opening 😢😢
  17. @GrahamScuba: Is bipolar really biological? If it is, can it be proven, can it be quantified as a biological factor?
  18. @Ghriangraf: I’m on medical keto for my liver health but I also have severe MDD that it vastly seems to help
  19. @ADD_ition: The host’s incessant “mmhmms” are incredibly distracting.  Too bad.
  20. @sandraj4830: Congratulations!

- Metabolism, Mental Disorders, and the Ketogenic Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone my name is Chris Palmer I'm going to be speaking with you today about metabolism mental disorders and the ketogenic diet in order to get started I just want to list my disclosures the only disclosure I now have is that I am the author of a book Brain energy that will be published later this year but otherwise I have no Financial relationships whatsoever to any companies or anything related to the ketogenic diet so I want to start by talking about this connection between what we call mental disorders and metabolic disorders it turns out that mental disorders have strong bi-directional relationships with all of these metabolic disorders things like obesity diabetes cardiovascular disease and Alzheimer's disease although most people don't think of Alzheimer's disease as a metabolic disorder by the end of this presentation I hope you might what do I mean by bi-directional relationships I mean that if you look at people with mental disorders they are much more likely to develop all of the disorders on the right hand side of the slide but if you look at any group of people who have any one of the you know other conditions like obesity diabetes cardiovascular disease or Alzheimer's disease they are much more likely to have mental disorders or at least symptoms of mental disorders I'll walk you through a little bit of that literature so obesity and mental illness have strong bi-directional relationships uh people with major depression are 20 more likely to be obese but people with more serious mental disorders like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder it has long been known that they are more likely to develop obesity uh one study followed patients for 20 years nearly two-thirds of the patients with schizophrenia and over half of those with bipolar disorder became obese uh individuals with a higher BMI actually exhibit alterations in brain circuit connectivity which is something that is found in a lot of people with mental disorders obesity itself leads to higher rates of mental illness you know this large series found that obese patients were 25 more likely they have a mood or anxiety disorders and patients uh you know when followed for 10 years or more I study researchers have found that diets that are high in junk food lead to higher rates of obesity not surprising but also higher rates of depression it turns out that obesity actually worsens the course of bipolar disorder and also depression so this although this slide looks like a treatment study they actually just separated bipolar patients by whether they were obese or not and the patients who were obese had more depressive episodes over time so obesity is actually playing a role in the mood symptoms of bipolar disorder likewise for chronic depression what about diabetes again strong bi-directional relationships and in many ways this is nothing new the connection between diabetes and mental illness has been known since the 1800s people diagnosed with schizophrenia are three times more likely to have diabetes people with depression are 60 more likely it turns out that even when people come in with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder before we give them one pill they already show signs of glucose dysregulation so a lot of people assume that the reason men the mentally ill become obese and develop diabetes is because of the pills that we're giving them there's no doubt that the pills were giving them make a difference but it's more than that what if we look at it the other way around people with diabetes Well it turns out if I go to a diabetes clinic on average I'm going to see about twice the rate of clinical depression but when people with diabetes develop uh depression it lasts four times longer so at any given time actually about 25 percent of people with diabetes have clinical depression so I want to correct what I just said if I go to a diabetes Clinic I'm actually going to see about three times the rate of diabetes as in the general population because even though patients with diabetes are twice as likely to develop it it lasts a lot longer but the mental affects the metabolic condition so if you have somebody with diabetes and they develop depression their blood sugars actually get worse they have higher levels of insulin resistance and they have greater rates of vascular complications so again we see strong bi-directional relationships between mental disorders and cardiovascular disease people with serious mental illness are more likely to have cardiovascular disease even after controlling for the Obesity and diabetes that I've already mentioned of course when we don't control for it the rates are even higher depression itself is a risk factor for having a heart attack in otherwise healthy people who've never had a heart attack they are about 50 to 100 more likely to have a heart attack if I go to a cardiac Ward and look at people who have recently had heart attacks uh if all the risk factors in two people are the same only one is depressed and one is not the one with depression is about twice as likely to have another heart attack over the next year if I look at that same ward and I look at Patients who've had heart attacks or coronary artery disease about 20 percent will have depression and about 33 percent of those with congestive heart failure will have depression this is about three to five times the rate of depression in the general population and in fact the American Heart Association and other American College of Cardiology and other sources now acknowledge that both depression and bipolar disorder are independent risk factors for heart disease well with all of that it's probably not surprising that people with mental illness die early deaths it has long been known that people with serious mental disorders die early deaths depending on what study you look at and what population they're serving um the the lifespan reduction is anywhere from seven to thirty years but in fact recent evidence looking at large population studies of over 7 million people find the people with all mental disorders are more likely to die early deaths on average men are losing 10 years of life women are losing seven years of life what are they dying of most people think suicide well yes people with mental illness are more likely to commit suicide but that's actually not the primary cause of death primary cause of death it's cardiovascular disease and things like diabetes and cancer and dementia why why are the mentally ill dying early deaths well it's not that this has gone unnoticed the World Health Organization in 2016 issued a report and they talked about factors related to individuals Behavior so let's blame the victims they must be eating too much and not exercising enough or it might be their medication side effects as I've mentioned or maybe it's a problem with the health care System these patients aren't going to their primary care doctors and following up and getting good care and taking their diabetes meds like they should if only they would do that everything would be fine or maybe it's societal issues the people with mental illness are much more likely to be unemployed and be poor and the reality is unemployed poor people die early deaths across the board whether they have a mental illness or not so maybe it's that but in reality this is a pessimistic report because it it's either about blame the victim and say that you know they're just kind of lazy they're not taking care of themselves they're not eating a good diet they're smoking cigarettes it's their fault or just it's factors beyond their control and re and in reality everyone's control I mean managing poverty uh and unemployment is a huge task and we are nowhere close to doing that but this begs the question what causes mental illness in the first place given all these strong bi-directional relationships what causes mental illness at this point the real answer is no one knows for sure we only know risk factors and what are the risk factors well we usually talk about the biopsychosocial model which says there are biological factors psychological factors and social factors that all come together to result in mental illness now this applies to all the mental disorders across the board things like schizophrenia and bipolar disorder psychological and social factors play a role but it clearly also applies to depression and anxiety biological factors clearly play a role as well as psychological and social factors so all three factors play a role in all mental disorders and I've been asking the question for years now could metabolism play a role but that begs the question well what is metabolism um although a lot of people like to think about metabolism as a fairly simple thing like burning calories um metabolism is much more than that and it's actually much more than metabolic syndrome and the metabolic disorders that I have already described to you it's more than obesity cardiovascular disease and diabetes a simple definition it's the process that all living organisms use to convert food into energy or building blocks to maintain or grow cells and Metabolism also includes the management of waste products in essence metabolism is a fundamental part of the definition of living organisms and in fact metabolism is extraordinarily complicated this is actually a simpler diagram of metabolism in the human body the circle is the creme citric acid cycle but uh metabolism is extraordinarily complicated it does not boil down to one macronutrient like sugar or one hormone like insulin it's much much more than that so why am I asking the question could metabolism play a role in many ways this is nothing new I want to stress that nothing new folks this has been known for you know uh well over 70 80 years now metabolic disturbances in people with mental disorders are well documented the diagnoses include schizophrenia bipolar disorder anxiety disorders PTSD chronic depression and alcohol use disorder what do I mean when I say metabolic abnormalities I mean differences or changes in levels of lactate the ATP to ADP ratio reactive oxygen species redox markers levels of NAD to nadh levels of inflammation and particular brain inflammation levels of cortisol which is a metabolic hormone and brain insulin insulin is about much more than just diabetes insulin affects how the brain functions I've already mentioned that abnormalities of glucose metabolism are often seen in people with bipolar disorder and schizophrenia but also depression Alzheimer's and mitochondrial dysfunction has been found in many psychiatric disorders so should we be thinking about the ketogenic diet as a metabolic treatment so what is a ketogenic diet I'm assuming a lot of you at this conference know it's a high fat low carbohydrate moderate protein diet developed in the 1920s specifically for the treatment of epilepsy results in the body using fat instead of carbs as an energy source there are three main types of Ketone bodies beta hydroxybutyrate acetoacetate and acetone and these are measurable in blood breath and urine uh this diet mimics the fasting State most people lose weight on this diet but you can actually maintain your weight or gain weight and that's particularly important for children who are doing this diet so one of the big points I want to make is that there are different when you say ketogenic diet a lot of people think oh I know what that is but in reality it's a lot of different things and I want to stress that so the ketogenic the classic ketogenic diet is a four to one or three to one ratio diet what do I mean by that ratio four to one ratio means four grams of fat for every one gram of everything else that means about 90 of your calories are coming from fat because fat has more calories than carbohydrates and protein but there's fasting and intermittent fasting that can produce a state of ketosis there's the MCT ketogenic diet where we might supplement the diet with medium chain triglycerides there's the Atkins diet lchf or weight loss there's a modified Atkins diet the modified modification is to add more fat and this is actually an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy there are calorie restricted versions for cancer treatment and many other kind of things lots of people out there who say they're experts in the ketogenic diet and therefore they think they know how to cure cancer they know how to cure schizophrenia please be skeptical of people who seem to know everything so when I say a four to one ratio diet most people have no idea what that means and so I want to give a shout out to the Charlie foundation for putting this slide together so this slide contains four meals they all contain the same ingredients and they all contain the same number of calories but they are very different from each other if you look at the green plate this is what most people think of as a low carb or even ketogenic meal it's a one-to-one ratio diet you have chicken breast broccoli a Ramekin of mayonnaise and some olive oil if you look at the red plate this is what the Ford one ratio diet looks like you've got a paltry serving of chicken breasts and broccoli and you've got a lot of mayonnaise and a syringe of olive oil what else can you eat that doesn't look very appetizing well the ketogenic diet can actually be quite appetizing even a four to one ratio diet you can have steak salmon coconut butter you can have a bulletproof coffee eggs and bacon you can have low carbohydrate vegetables you can have high fat fruits like avocados you can get creative and make a keto Pizza you can make keto ice cream so let me tell you about the ketogenic diet for epilepsy so this story really begins with the observation that fasting can stop seizures and this has been known since the time of Hippocrates it was largely thought to be religious folklore though and in 1921 Dr Raul Galen reported the use of intermittent fasting to treat a child with epilepsy the problem with fasting is that once people start eating again these seizures usually come back so it was the ingenious Dr Russell Wilder at the Mayo Clinic who developed the ketogenic diet and he developed it for one and only one reason he didn't develop it for a weight loss diet he developed it to stop seizures and he was trying to mimic the fasting State and that's precisely what he did early results were impressive 50 seizure Freedom rates another 35 percent were markedly improved but by 1950 this fell out of favor because anti-seizure medications were becoming more abundant you know it's a lot easier to take a medication than do this diet it was rediscovered in the 1970s at Johns Hopkins because lo and behold 30 of patients with epilepsy don't respond to medications we now have over I've got on this slide 100 but I think it's actually more flying 500 ketogenic diet centers around the world we have two Cochrane reviews now the most recent was in 2020 13 randomized controlled trials and over 900 participants at three months seizure Freedom rates and children are as high as 55 percent um uh but this study found but no adults achieved seizure freedom in the clinical trials at three months and children up to 85 percent had a 50 or greater reduction in seizures um but the results were less impressive in adults the modified Atkins diet doesn't seem to be as effective as the four to one ratio diet um in some studies of all comers looking at the ketogenic diet to treat their epilepsy at one year about 55 remain on the diet 45 discontinue it because it either doesn't work or they can't do the so how does this diet work what is it doing to the body that help that results in its stopping seizures the reality is we actually know more about this diet and its effects on the brain than we do any other dietary intervention that includes Mediterranean diet omega-3 fatty acids vitamin D any take your pick we know more about the ketogenic diet than we do any dietary intervention in terms of its effects on the brain why is that so because this for 100 years has been an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy and researchers have been studying it up and down trying to figure out what on Earth is this diet doing how is it stopping seizures now I'm not going to go through a complicated graph like this instead I've distilled it into easy to understand bullets But please understand I did not make these bullets up I'm not just pulling these out of thin air these are all supported by a robust medical and Neuroscience literature so the ketogenic diet lows lowers blood sugar and insulin levels most of you probably know those are good things it produces Ketone bodies which are an alternate source of fuel for glue to especially to insulin resistant brain cells Ketone bodies themselves have anti-seizure effects this diet changes neurotransmitter systems as well as ION channel regulation so it changes calcium management or calcium regulation it increases mitochondrial function in production it decreases circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids which are thought to be neuroprotective it sensitizes the leptin system so people feel full on this diet decreases inflammation it changes the gut microbiome some researchers think that's actually the primary mechanism of action this changes your gene expression and DNA methylation increases autophagy increases levels of NAD activates certain genes all of these things are thought to have very powerful healing and anti-aging benefits so what else is this diet being looked at for now here's the laundry list of different conditions that this diet is these are this is documented in the medical literature with at least case reports if not small clinical trials if not large randomized controlled trials like for weight loss or obesity we have an abundance of randomized controlled trials for weight loss and obesity but I don't want you to come away from this slide thinking that the ketogenic diet is a miracle cure for all of these conditions because it is not in many of these studies it it resulted in some benefits of some symptoms but not others and the illnesses often still continued and or progressed but maybe progressed at a slower weight rate or we just don't even have data on what it does to the long-term course of some of these illnesses but I'll walk you through some of these examples so let's talk about Alzheimer's disease so what causes Alzheimer's disease the predominant answer right now from the medical community is no one knows for sure we know it involves plaques and Tangles the brain but what causes those to accumulate no one knows why are they even there no one knows but we know risk factors for Alzheimer's disease and interestingly they include a lot of metabolic parameters they include things like diabetes obesity and midlife cardiovascular disease or cardiovascular risk factors the lack of exercise poor sleep depression is a risk factor people with depression twice as likely to develop Alzheimer's disease the apoe for allele what does apoe do it is related to fat and cholesterol transport and mitochondrial dysfunction has been shown in Alzheimer's disease and brain glucose dysregulation has also been demonstrated so that some people are calling this type 3 diabetes or diabetes in the brain we have any evidence that the ketogenic diet can be an effective treatment we have several animal models showing some benefits in terms of biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease we have a small study of 152 patients with Alzheimer's disease given a ketogenic agent or a placebo they remain on a normal diet and uh the researchers found that the ketogenic agents seemed to improve cognition uh but only in those with who did not have the apoe4 allele there was a small randomized controlled trial of 23 people who were randomized to a low carb or a high carb diet the low carb diet had memory improvement and it was actually the level of ketosis that was the only metric that resulted in or was correlated with the Improvement in memory it didn't matter if the patient's lost weight didn't matter if insulin levels changed didn't matter how many calories they were consuming so we've got uh this uh trial from Johns Hopkins in 2019. um but you know this trial kind of is a testament to some of the challenges in our field so these researchers spent two and a half years trying to recruit 60 patients to complete this diet um and uh they they screened over 1300 people they only got 27 of those people to enroll in only 14 completed the study nonetheless they did find that patients who completed the trial if they were able to achieve ketosis they had Improvement in memory but this study really tells the medical community that it's almost impossible to get people to do this diet and it's probably not worth anyone's time or effort unfortunately this next study was better these researchers had better luck they got 20 participants they had very high compliance rates 90 to 95 percent and they assigned people to both a period of time on the ketogenic diet and a period of time on the American Heart Association diet and the biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease only improved when the patients were on the ketogenic diet the American Heart Association diet did not do that the best study that we have to date was published in 2021 26 patients randomized to 12 weeks of the ketogenic diet a washout period and then 12 weeks of the low-fat diet um and in fact the patients assigned the ketogenic diet had Improvement in activities of daily living quality of life and they also had Improvement in cognition but it did not that part did not reach statistical significance the other two did but with a larger sample size we might get more robust findings I just want to throw out a caution Alzheimer's disease is associated with neuronal atrophy and cell death brain cells are dying and once brain cells die we are not resurrecting them not even the ketogenic diet can resurrect brain cells so there may in fact be a point in Alzheimer's disease Beyond which it's too late to intervene so now let's talk about mental disorders why consider the ketogenic diet well this is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy many of its known mechanisms of action address problems known problems in terms of the neuroscience and people with mental disorders many treatments for epilepsy are commonly used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders some of them are FDA approved like Depakote Lamictal Tegretol that many of them we use off label we commonly use off-label treatments in Psychiatry because many of our standard treatments don't work and in fact there are a lot of DSM diagnoses that we don't even have any FDA approved treatments therefore it's not unreasonable to consider this we have any evidence that it works for depression there is at least one clinical trial wrapping up there's another clinical trial hopefully getting underway within the next year but what we do have is we have um we have signals from research studies that have been done in other populations so epilepsy patients or weight loss patients and the ketogenic diet has been associated in some of those studies to reduce depressive symptoms the confounding issue in that though is that if if the ketogenic diet helps somebody have less seizures people are going to say well of course they're not of course they're feeling better or of course they're going to be less depressed they're not seizing anymore um even for a weight loss diet if people are losing weight successfully well of course they're feeling better why wouldn't they um I want to talk about alcohol use disorder because this study was done by the National Institute of Health here in the United States um turns out that alcohol use disorder is associated with brain glucose hypomatabolism so that's actually the same finding that we see in Alzheimer's disease interestingly but this is affecting different brain regions um animal models have demonstrated reduced alcohol intake in Rats on a and but the researchers did a randomized controlled trial in Alcoholics they admitted them to a an Inpatient Detox unit half the people got the ketogenic diet half the people got the standard American diet um and they detoxed them by standard protocols the people who got the ketogenic diet required fewer benzodiazepines for their detox nonetheless they had fewer withdrawal symptoms they reported fewer cravings for alcohol and the researchers did brain scans on these people and found that their brain metabolism improved and their levels of brain inflammation decreased with ketogenic diet let's talk about schizophrenia and bipolar disorder for those of you who don't know schizophrenia affects about one percent of the population bipolar disorder two to five percent of the population for those of you who don't know there's a lot of overlapping symptoms in these diagnostic constructs and many people nowadays are thinking about these as a spectrum disorder they are likely not unique disorders and the reality is our current treatment outcomes are abysmal in this three-year observational study of over 6 000 people with schizophrenia only 33 percent achieved symptomatic remission only a quarter reported an adequate quality of life uh not even a good quality of life just an adequate quality of life only 13 were able to work or go to school and if you put all three of those together and call that a recovery only four percent of people with schizophrenia using current treatments get a recovery we clearly need better answers and ideas for how to treat these conditions so does the ketogenic diet Possibly play a role we now have several animal studies published in pretty high impact neuroscience and Psychiatry journals documenting that the ketogenic diet has the same effects as antipsychotic medications in these animal models of schizophrenia the human data go all the way back to 1965 the pilot study of 10 women with schizophrenia the researchers found that the ketogenic diet improved symptoms of schizophrenia this is a very poorly done study but a lot of Psychiatry studies done in the 1960s were poorly done so uh you know I don't want you to draw too heavily upon this but it was a signal at least so we've got other research trials other studies and bipolar disorders I and some collaborators have published three case series and or uh the middle one was actually a um you know a controlled uh trial in Ecuador uh on two patients with schizophrenia but instead of going through the details of all of these case reports and studies I just want to tell you the story of one woman and this is not her real picture but I am allowed to use her real name and her real name is Doris so Doris was 70 years old uh when she started the ketogenic diet at that point in her life she had a 53-year history of crippling excruciating schizophrenia she was diagnosed when she was 17. she heard voices she had delusions every day of her life pretty much she was tormented by her illness was very suicidal had been in and out of hospitals in the two years prior to starting the diet because of suicide attempts she had gained a tremendous amount of weight she weighed about 330 pounds and she had a guardian by every definition of schizophrenia she had schizophrenia um she went to Dr Eric westman's weight loss clinic and he was using the she tried it and was successful started losing weight the reports are within eight days she noticed that her hallucinations were going away or gone within several months she managed to get off all psychiatric medications and all of her symptoms went into complete remission she lived until January of 2022 so about 14 15 years later she lived off of medications completely symptom-free she lost 150 pounds and kept it off very sadly I just learned that Doris passed away from covid pneumonia in January 2022. so what if you want to implement the ketogenic diet for mental illness first and foremost patients please do not do this on your own there are risks in people with serious mental illness so if you just want to lose weight go for it I'm not here to they say you if you have diabetes and are on medications for diabetes I'm really going to encourage you to work with your health care provider on that because those medications going to need to be rapidly adjusted and it could be dangerous if you become hypoglycemic so lowering your blood sugars is great lowering your blood sugar is really fast is even greater but it needs to be managed in a safe way and the medications that you might be taking can make it somewhat dangerous so it's not that the ketogenic diet is dangerous it's that the medications that you're taking in conjunction with the ketogenic diet can be a dangerous combination because the ketogenic diet is an extraordinarily powerful and effective intervention likewise for people with serious mental illness I have sometimes seen dangerous symptoms in the first week or two and it is really during this keto adaptation phase as people are withdrawing from carbohydrates trying to adapt to burning fat as a fuel source I've seen people develop insomnia I've seen depression and suicidality actually get worse before they get better I've seen people get Manic and say even more psychotic especially from the insomnia so these things need to be managed they don't make me stop the diet but they need to be managed in a safe way and I and I help patients through these symptoms and through these phases if the symptoms were really getting out of control I will sometimes use extra medication to manage those symptoms and occasionally I will have patients stop the diet because the symptoms are getting dangerous psychiatric medications can interfere with this diet especially antipsychotic medications which increase glucose increase insulin so they can interfere with the effects of the diet so those might need to be managed or adjusted and the fact is that treatment for serious mental disorders requires more than just the diet it's not like the diet is to get a 100 fix everything that ails you um people might need to have meds managed they still need to sleep they need a daily routine they might you might want to add exercise to this treatment you might need Psychotherapy or Stress Management if you're using drugs and alcohol those aren't going to be helping any so all of these things need to be considered and managed in a comprehensive treatment plan so what do you need if you want to implement this treatment in a healthcare practice I would argue that you need a competent mental health professional why because these are serious mental health disorders so you need somebody who knows about those and knows what they're doing and you need a competent ketogenic diet clinician who knows what they're doing this could be a dietitian it could be a physician a nurse I'd be a lot of different people a health and wellness coach potentially and it could be one in the same you could have a psychiatrist or a nurse practitioner who also knows how to do the ketogenic diet and maybe that person is one in the same but I think you need those two things you're going to need medical record documentation and then the options are a keto coach or a keto Food Service so medical record documentation I'm not going to roll through this whole thing but I do want to stress if you're a medical professional and you're using this in patients I really want you to be careful and document in the medical chart why you are using this intervention document that you've informed the patient of additional treatment options the patient wants this as their treatment option it is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy you're using it in an off-label Way for their treatment resistant disorder you've worn them of risks the most important risk that I really want to just let people know you should warn patients of it's not so much the risk of starting the diet and the adaptation phase although I think you should warn patients of that and and be ready to manage that the bigger risk is when patients actually do shockingly well with this diet and then four months later think to themselves I'm cured I don't need this diet anymore my symptoms are completely gone I'm all set and they go off the diet I just want to warn you that's when all hell can break loose and patients can get extraordinarily ill psychotic depressed suicidal when they go off the diet if the diet was highly effective so you need to warn patients of that and document that in the chart so that if four months from the time you start the treatment the patient ends up in the hospital you have made a paper trail about why you know that you warn the patient do not stop this diet abruptly they went ahead and did it anyway and now they are suffering because otherwise the people in the hospital are going to blame you the clinician you clearly started this dangerous ketogenic diet and look how ill the patient is now and it but it would be like if the patient did really well on a medication like clozapine or some other antipsychotic and then they just abruptly stopped it clinicians should not be blamed for that but again we have to document the future of this field is bright there is uh there are at least five clinical trials of ketogenic diet for bipolar disorder and or schizophrenia that I am aware of throughout the world being conducted now um we also have a couple of Trials as I've mentioned with major depression I'm hoping the NIH is going to pursue more trials with alcoholism we've got several trials looking at ketogenic diet for Alzheimer's disease to the future is bright and I just want to put in a quick plug for what is going to be coming out later this year the brain energy theory of mental illness so I am going to be audaciously proposing the metabolic and mitochondrial theory of mental illness that I sincerely hope has the potential to transform the mental health field and with that I thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnburton9772 [6 likes]: Dr. Palmer, Kudos! Thank you for recognizing and proselytizing the reciprocal relationship between metabolic health and mental health! I wish I had both personally and professionally become aware of this relationship and its implications for lifestyle and the practice of professional psychology 50 years ago! - Retired Psychologist (February 2024)
  2. @fionamurphy2956 [4 likes]: People who are diagnosed with bi-polar & other mental health conditions are given so much  medication.
That is why they end up with increased appetite which causes obesity.
  3. @chazwyman [2 likes]: As I look back on my life I wonder how different things could have been were it not for the fake nutritional guidelines imposed upon us by the charismatic and utterly wrong Ancel Keys. I've had 50 years of obesity, when I started by first calorie controlled diet - the first of many which led enexorably to being 254lbs and on 7 medications. I also wonder about how different it might have been for my schizophrenic brother, who died too early for this change in thinking to have benefitted him. Now at the grand old age of 64,  and for the last 2.5 years I've been 204lbs and down to 2 medications-  all thanks to Fung, Taubes, Teicholz, Lustig and Bikman. I look forward to reading Palmer's book to add another element to my understanding of metabloism
  4. @LauraHowardMarcacci [2 likes]: I hope & pray more individuals in the mental health community will start understanding- pills kill.
  5. @Thenicolathomas [2 likes]: Would a keto or carnivore diet help my daughter who is intellectually disabled? She is developmentally delayed. 
She eats a very carb heavy bland beige diet.
  6. @Ruth72166 [1 likes]: Dr palmer, do you think tired adrenals, high cortisol, is a cause of high sugar in the body, and can be corrected w keto?
  7. @rawmilkmike: We only need a very small portion of our brain. So resurrection of cells may not be necessary for complete remission. Do we have a way to measure the possible point of no return? How much improvement would we need to justify intervention? 24:35
  8. @rawmilkmike: According to this retired electrician, obesity is not a metabolic disorder for the simple reason it's caused by calorie restriction. It started with the use of BMI, which Ansel Keys recommended back in the 70s. Like diabetes, it's the result of industry disinformation. But in the case of obesity, it's the foods you're not eating. There are more diabetic normal-weight people than there are diabetic fat people. Diabetes is most likely caused by vegetable oil. As long as they're not consumed with fat, carbs may not be as bad as we think, even though they are nutrient-deficient.

 Many doctors have no problem telling completely healthy people they need to lose weight. Models have not always been represented as ultra-thin as they are now. From 1959 to 1978, there was a remarkable shift towards a thinner ideal in the fashion industry: models represented in big magazines such as Vogue,  Ladies Home Journal, and Woman's Day decreased significantly in weight. During the 1980s and the 1990s, the size of models in fashion magazines decreased even more. (body represented around 13-19% below expected weight)
  9. @caitlinhoey841: Doris’ story never gets old. I love hearing it!
  10. @DL-W120NN: Does any change in lipid profile after taking ketogenic diet?
  11. @DL-W120NN: Thank you for the presentation, I think obesity resulted from anti-psychotic mediations, and then the resulting obesity caused cardiovascular diseases.
  12. @polashrajkonwar2765: Dr Chris Palmer how you doing.I am suffering from PSSD due to SSRI.Can I recover from PSSD by adopting  ketogenic diet
  13. @11219tt: Thanks for your work related to mental health! I found your through the Huberman podcast episode. 

I'm diagnosed  chronic major depression. Briefly? My symptoms  have existed for 15+ years. I started therapy for the first time 3 years ago and light dosage of meds 1.5 years ago, but recently got off due to side effects. 

My depression symptoms never exceeded light suicidal ideations, with never attempting or even creating a plan. I've alsways seemed to have some optimism about conquering my depression. 

Anyway, I appreciate finding your work! I am going to be talking to my PCP and my psych about keto as an option to try. Luckily I'm located 20 minutes from Stanford University so I'm hopeful my medical care team is familiar with ketosis monitoring and the mental health info you document here.
  14. @leslietascoff9784: WOW! Thank you for sharing the truth. ❤
  15. @stevie_89: Thank you very much for this video Dr Palmer. Can you recommend any colleagues in Australia, such as a holistic psychiatrist, to implement this diet for anxiety/bp2 and PAWS (protracted anti-depressant withdrawal)? I am still on very low doses of medications. I would be so grateful if you can recommend someone or a clinic or institute over here.
  16. @gstlynx: Thanks Doc.
  17. @karinkereama: Watched a bunch of your videos on Mother’s Day UK
  18. @stephenwilliams2365: Dr Palmer, you are awesome I heard you talk about Dorothy (Paul Saladino) and it confirmed my own journey with keto (carnivore) and OMAD was optimal for brain health.
There's a New Zealand certified Neurologist - Dr Matthew Phillips, who calls himself  a metabolic Neurologist. His work on a Metabolic Therapy Protocol (fasting and keto) as an adjunct treatment for Glioblastoma is fascinating, you guys should talk.
Find him on Youtube.
  19. @jessicaisles4946: Does this all link back to whether you are breastfed?
  20. @قصص_شفاء_شيقة_الشفاءمن_السرطان: I recently made a video about the healing story of the wonderful Dr. Chris Palmer, and a clip about the treatment plan... I am happy to invite you, Doctor, to watch the clip on the channel 🔥 Interesting Healing Stories 🔥
Arabic speaking, but translation is available

- Dr. Chris Palmer: How Diet Changed My Mental Health and Healed My Brain| Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today my guest is Dr. Chris Palmer. Dr. Chris Palmer is a medical doctor specializing in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. He is the world expert in the relationship between metabolic disorders and psychiatric disorders. He treats a variety of different conditions including psychosis, including schizophrenia, as well as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety disorders, and depression among others. He is best known for understanding the relationship between how metabolism and these various disorders of the mind interact. And indeed today he describes not only his own fascinating journey into the field of psychiatry, but also his clinical and research experience using diet, that is different forms of nutrition in order to treat various psychiatric disorders. He describes some remarkable case studies of individuals and groups of people who have achieved tremendous relief from the types of psychiatric disorders that I just mentioned a few moments ago, as well as new and emerging themes as to how metabolism and the mind interact to control things like obesity. Indeed he raises the hypothesis that perhaps obesity in many cases is the consequence of a brain dysfunction as opposed to the consequence of a metabolic dysfunction that then impacts the brain. During today's episode, he shares with us his overriding hypotheses about the critical roles that mitochondrial function and dysfunction play in mental health and mental illness and how various particular types of diets, ranging from the ketogenic diet to modified ketogenic diet, and even just slight adjustments in carbohydrate intake can be used in order to change mitochondrial function and bring relief for various psychiatric illnesses. He also highlights the essential and important theme that various diet interventions, including the ketogenic diet, were not first developed for sake of weight loss, but rather were developed as treatments for neurological conditions such as epilepsy. Today, he shares with us how the foods that we eat alone and in combination, and how fasting, both intermittent fasting and more lengthy fasts, can interact with the way that our brain functions to strongly control the way that we think, feel, and behave. What's wonderful is that Dr. Palmer not only explains the science and his clinical expertise, but also points to various actionable measures that people can take in order to improve their mental health. I'd like to mention that Dr. Palmer is also the author of a terrific new book. The title is Brain Energy: A Revolutionary Breakthrough in Understanding Mental Health and Improving Treatment for Anxiety, Depression, OCD, PTSD, and more. I've read the book and it is a terrific read. I came away from this book with a much evolved understanding of how the various described, as well as ADHD, emerge in people, and it has completely revised my understanding about the possible origins of various psychiatric disorders and the best ways to treat them, including both with medications, but also with nutritional approaches. If you'd like to learn more about Dr. Palmer's work and the book, please go to chrispalmermd.com. We also provide links to the book and to his website in our show note captions. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science-related tools for the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is Thesis. Thesis makes custom nootropics. And as I've said many times before on this podcast, I am not a fan of the word nootropics because it means smart drugs. And frankly, there are no specific neural circuits in the brain or body for being, {quote} {unquote}, smart. Thesis understands this, and they've developed custom nootropics that are designed to bring your brain and body into the state that's ideal for what you need to accomplish. They use the highest quality ingredients, things like phosphatidylserine, alpha GPC, many ingredients I've talked about before on this podcast and that I happen to use myself. I've been using Thesis for over a year now and I can confidently say that their nootropics have been a game changer. For me, I like their nootropic for clarity. I use that before cognitive work often and I like their nootropic for energy and I often use that before workouts in particular, workouts that are especially intense. To get your own personalized nootropic starter kit, go online to takethesis.com/huberman, take their 3-minute quiz and Thesis will send you four different formulas to try in your first month. Again, that's takethesis.com/huberman and use the code Huberman at checkout to get 10% off your first box. Today's episode is also brought to us by Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep makes smart mattress covers with cooling, heating and sleep tracking capacity. I've talked many times on this podcast about the critical relationship between sleep and body temperature. That is, in order to fall asleep and stay deeply asleep throughout the night, our body temperature needs to drop by about 1 to 3°. And conversely, when we wake up in the morning, that is in large part because of our body heating up by 1 to 3°. Now, people have different core body temperatures and they tend to run colder or hotter throughout the night. Eight Sleep allows you to adjust the temperature of your sleeping environment so that you have the optimal temperature that gets you the best night's sleep. I started sleeping on an Eight Sleep mattress cover about eight months ago and it has completely transformed my sleep. I sleep so much deeper. I wake up far less during the middle of the night, if at all, and I wake up feeling far better than I ever have, even after the same amount of sleep. If you want to try Eight Sleep, you can go to eightsleep.com/huberman to save up to $400 off their Sleep Fit Holiday Bundle, which includes their new Pod 3 Cover. Eight Sleep currently ships in the USA, Canada, United Kingdom, select countries in the EU, and Australia. Again, that's eightsleep.com/huberman. Today's episode is also brought to us by Roka. Roka makes eyeglasses and sunglasses that are the absolute highest quality. The company was founded by two All-American swimmers from Stanford, and everything about Roka eyeglasses and sunglasses were designed with performance in mind. I've spent a lifetime working on the biology of the visual system, and I can tell you that your visual system has to contend with an enormous number of challenges in order for you to see clearly. For instance, when you move from a sunny area to a shady area and back again, whether or not you're looking at something up close or often to the distance. Roka understands the biology of the visual system and has designed their eyeglasses and sunglasses accordingly, so you always see with perfect clarity. Roka eyeglasses and sunglasses were initially designed for activities such as running and cycling, and indeed they are very lightweight. Most of the time I can't even remember that they're on my face, they're so lightweight. But, the important thing to know about Roka eyeglasses and sunglasses is that while they can be used during sports activities, they also have a terrific aesthetic, and they can be used just as well for wearing to work or out to dinner, etc. If you'd like to try Roka eyeglasses and sunglasses, you can go to Roka, that's roka.com, and enter the code Huberman to save 20% off on your first order. Again, that's roka.com, and enter the code Huberman at checkout. And now, for my discussion with Dr. Chris Palmer. Chris, Dr. Palmer, thank you for being here. >> Thank you, Andrew, for having me. >> I have a lot of questions for you, and I'm really excited about this topic because I think most people know what mental illness is, or they have some idea what that is. Most people have some idea what nutrition is. Fewer people certainly know how closely those things can interact. And I think everybody is familiar with the feeling of a food, or the ingestion of a food, making them feel good in the short term. And we eat a food that tastes delicious to us or that we associate with something nice and we feel good mentally and physically. Whereas when we eat something that gives us food poisoning or maybe even something that just doesn't taste that great or that we associate with a bad experience, we feel less good in the short-term. But I believe that very few people understand or are familiar with the fact that nutrition and our mental health interact in this very intimate, maybe even causal way. And that is something that occurs over long periods of time, meaning what I ate yesterday, the day before, maybe even 10 years ago could be impacting the way that my brain and body are making me feel now. So, if you would, I'd love for you to just tell us about a little bit of the the history, in particular your history with exploring the relationship between nutrition and mental health, and then we can dive into some of the um more particulars of ketogenic diets versus other diets and some of the truly miraculous findings that you and others are are coming up with um based on real patients and real experiences of people who suffer and then find relief by altering their nutrition. >> Sure. I You know, I this story really starts with my own personal story. And uh uh I don't need to go into great detail, but uh to set the stage, when I was a kid, I definitely had mental illness. Started with OCD. Um a series of events happened in my family. My mother had a horrible kind of psychotic break. Um and all sorts of adverse childhood events for me. She and I were actually homeless together for a while. Um I went on to have subsequent depression, suicidality, all sorts of things. But somehow or another, I pulled myself together um and got through medical school, actually did quite well in medical school, got an award for being one of the top students uh and then was doing my internship and residency at Harvard. And uh and at that point in time, I was diagnosed with metabolic syndrome. So, I had high blood pressure, horrible lipids, uh and prediabetes. And I was doing everything right, supposedly. I was on a low-fat diet and I was exercising regularly. And year after year, my doctor kept telling me diet and exercise. I kept asking him what diet, what exercise. I was doing everything he kept telling me to do. Everything was getting worse. My blood pressure kept going higher. and at some point, he kind of said, "You're going to have to go on medication. You I need to put you on something for your prediabetes, something for your cholesterol, and something for your blood pressure." So, three pills out of the gate. And I'm like, "I'm only in my 20s." Were you overweight? No. Technically, no. I had a little I had a gut. So, you know, that's a sign of insulin resistance, I know now. I didn't know it then. But um and he actually kind of leaned in at one point and said, you know, "Do you Do your parents have diabetes?" Yeah. "Do your parents have high blood pressure?" Yeah. "Do your Are your parents overweight?" Yeah. "Oh, I'm really sorry. It's genetic. Um basically, you're screwed. It's your genes. You're just going to have to bite the bullet and take meds." And as a physician, I knew what that meant. I knew that I'm in my 20s, if I'm already on three meds for metabolic syndrome, I'm going to be screwed by the time I'm 40 or 50 and I'm probably going to be having heart attacks. and I'd heard through the rumor mill that the Atkins diet could somehow help people improve their cholesterol and pre-diabetes. I actually didn't really believe it. I was highly skeptical. And I I you know, I believed everything I was taught in medical school. Why would Why would my professors lie to me? They They knew what they were talking about. Low-fat diet was the thing to do. Um and the Atkins diet was clearly dangerous and reckless. And uh but I had been trying the medical dogma for years, and it wasn't working for me. And so, for whatever reason, I decided this is going to be my last attempt at something different. And then I'll just bite the bullet and go on meds. So, I tried the Atkins diet. I did my own special version of it. I still avoided red meat cuz I was terrified of red meat. And you know, I I I I tried to do a healthy version, which is probably more like the South Beach diet you know, this was before the South Beach diet was invented. But um within 3 months, my metabolic syndrome was completely gone. >> So, blood pressure normalized, lipids normalized. Did your weight change? Or did that You mentioned that you were of healthy weight, but that you had a bit of abdominal >> Yes. >> fat. Yeah. >> So, I I lost the abdominal fat. I probably lost about, you know, 10 lb through this process. And but everything got normal. And when I went back to my doctor, he was shocked. He actually said, "What the hell are you doing?" >> During the time before you switched to this new diet, uh how was your mental health, if you don't mind me asking? Because it sounded like you you're very clear that there was metabolic syndrome, or you were headed towards more severe metabolic syndrome. You mentioned OCD. Um I actually am familiar with this. As a kid, I had uh a low-level kind of Tourette's grunt and uh probably maybe obsessive still uh to some extent, although not full-blown clinically diagnosed OCD. So, I can relate somewhat. Um if you're willing, um what was the context of of all that before and after this uh nutritional switch? >> So, before the nutritional switch, I was still struggling with low-grade depression and OCD. Uh I Again, it wasn't necessarily interfering with my ability to function cuz I was functioning at a high level. I mean, anybody looking from the outside, you're a top student, you just got into one of the most competitive, actually at that point it was the most competitive residency program in the country for psychiatry. So, they would have looked at me and said, "You're fine." But, I wasn't. I was actually on medications. I was trying different medications, trying to figure out how how to feel better, how to stop obsessing so much, how to not be so depressed. Um and I found that those medications they they actually came with more side effects for me than benefits. >> [snorts] >> I was on Prozac for a long time. It totally messed up my sleep. And then the psychiatrist was like, "You need pills to help you sleep now." And I'm I I'm like, "That doesn't That's not really resonating very well with me." And I'm now a psychiatrist. I'm in my psychiatry residency. And I'm thinking, "You know what? That's just not sitting well with me that you're going to prescribe more and more meds for all the side effects that you're causing." And yet at the same time, I wanted to feel better. And I was learning chemical imbalances. This is what we do to get rid of depression and OCD. You're supposed to take your pills. And so, So, was taking my pills. I was in psychotherapy. I had been in psychotherapy on and off for years. Um I had received much more intensive treatment when I was younger, and that was essentially worthless for me. Uh it actually probably just caused harm. At the end of the day, psychoanalysis? No, various psychotherapies, not psychoanalysis per se, but some of them were psychoanalytically oriented psychotherapies. I was actually hospitalized at one point. Um Uh had been put on lithium and uh amitriptyline, which is a tricyclic antidepressant, and other things. And they uh they were actually horrible. They were horrible. They did nothing beneficial for me. Um I gave them a decent amount of time to work. I I really wanted to feel better. So, at the time that I tried this diet, I certainly wasn't impaired in the same way. I wasn't struggling that much, but I was still have these low-grade symptoms with trying to feel better. the thing that was the most striking to me after doing the diet for 3 months was not the fact that my metabolic syndrome was gone. That was my goal, and it was a you know, seemingly miraculous uh achievement because I got rid of everything with one dietary change. But the thing that I noticed was dramatic improvement in my mood, energy, concentration, and sleep. I for the first time in my life, I started waking up before my alarm went off and feeling rested. That never happened to me before. I I was meticulous about planning when my alarm went off and how many times I could push the snooze button in order to be on time for wherever I needed to be, whether it was school or the hospital or whatever. Um I had it I had this good system. I was never late for anything. But that was shocking to me that I felt so good. And you know, one of the things that I've often said to people, prior to the diet, I always felt like there are two types of people in the world. There haves and have nots. There are these happy peppy people who just are so positive and they've got energy and they have these the saying. They like to work hard and play hard. And I always understood working hard. I totally got that cuz I was a hard worker and I understood the value of hard work and you know, you got to do something useful with yourself. But I never understood who the hell wants to play hard. Like who's got energy for that? Like aren't you tired from working so hard? How on earth do these people have energy to go and play hard? And I assumed that they were just part of the haves in the world. And they were just lucky and privileged. They either had good genetics or maybe they had good good childhoods or good parents or something. Something that I didn't have. The kids with genuine smiles in the yearbooks. >> Yes, exactly. >> Yeah. Whereas the rest the rest >> [clears throat] >> um and by the way, I really appreciate you sharing some of your personal story because I think it is very important for people to hear and understand that people like yourself who are extremely high functioning and accomplished, that the road was from everything I'm hearing and understanding, very choppy um internally at times and that you've overcome a lot in order to get there and also have um been going through what sounds like a very long iterative process of trying to figure out what works and what doesn't work to finally arrive at a solution and then make that the basis of much of the work that you're doing today for other people. I think it's very important because I think many people share with you this notion that there are are indeed two groups, a happy group and an fated to be unhappy group and it speaks to the fact that your story rather speaks to the fact that what we see is not always what's going on internally with people and that this notion of there just being two groups, the the happy or the haves and the have-nots can't be the way that it works and there are probably many more people suffering than we realize and that there is an important need for tools to overcome that suffering. So I really just here even early in our discussion I just want to extend a genuine thanks because so much of what I hear from people is, you know questions about health and mental health and physical health but that clearly point to the fact that many people are struggling to varying degrees. And even the people who are in this category of great childhood and and happiness could do far better for themselves and then also for other people. So thank you for that. I I want to know at the point where you realized that nutrition can play a profound role in how you feel and operate in a large number of domains. You were still a student or a resident at that point. >> resident. >> At that point did you decide that you were going to explore this in a professional context? >> Not yet. >> Okay, so what was the what was the journey forward into the the work that you're doing now? >> So So the next step was that I just had friends and family who saw me, saw that I had improved my health, saw that I

  Top Comments:
  1. @fásito-i5s [1 likes]: thank you!

- Dr. Chris Palmer: The Science of Ketosis and the Brain| Andrew Huberman: Kind: captions Language: en It's It's forget they forgot. They take it at night, they were out late. They were off their routine. They forgot to brush their teeth because that's when they take their meds and so because they you know, it was so late, they just crashed when they got home, they forgot to take their meds. Happens all the time. If it's a medication that people take more than once a day, the non-compliance rates are much higher. Um because it's just easy to forget. So, it's not that people are willfully, you know, disobeying their doctors or anything else. It's just hard to remember to take meds consistently every day. >> When you say um measuring ketones, I um want to drill into this a little bit because it does seem that the presence of ketones in somebody being quote unquote in ketosis turns out to be the key variable. Certainly in your book, that's what I one of the major takeaways um although there were many important takeaways. Um that people get into ketosis. Do they have to stay in ketosis? So, for instance, I've followed the uh I don't any longer, but I've tried in the past the so-called cyclic ketogenic diet where every third or fourth day get some pasta or rice, etc. Um and that I it's not That was interesting um as an experiment um but to stay in ketosis, uh what sort of blood levels of ketones do you like to see in your patients? Uh what is the range that you think most people could uh aspire to? >> So, it really depends on the patient and what I'm treating, quite honestly. So, I and I don't think every patient needs the ketogenic diet. For some patients, simply getting rid of junk food can make a huge difference in a mood disorder, for instance. >> So, a junk food meaning highly processed food, food that could last on the shelf a very long time. >> Highly processed foods that are usually high in both sugar, carbohydrate, and it it carbs and fats. Those seem to be the worst foods. That combination high sugar, high fat um seems to be the worst combination for metabolic health. And lo and behold, we've got emerging data that suggests that strongly suggests it's also bad for mental health. Depression and anxiety are the most common mental disorders, and so we have the best data for those disorders. But we actually have a lot of data with even bipolar disorder and schizophrenia that insulin resistance in particular and insulin signaling in the brain is impaired in people with chronic mental disorders kind of across the board. All the way from chronic anxiety, depression to bipolar to schizophrenia and even Alzheimer's disease. We know that patients with all of those disorders have impaired glucose metabolism and that the insulin signaling system in the brain, which is different than insulin signaling in the periphery um seems to somehow possibly be playing a role. So so to step back from that. So for some patients, I might just want to decrease glucose and insulin levels and I can do that by getting rid of sweets. For other patients like patients with schizoaffective disorder or schizophrenia or bipolar disorder, especially if it's chronic if I'm using it as a brain treatment um then I do want a ketogenic diet and I usually want reasonably high levels of blood ketones. Usually for for depression, I want to see at least greater than probably 0.8 millimole for for psychotic disorders and bipolar disorder I usually want to see levels greater than 1.5. That's what I'm shooting for if at all possible. Um and uh So, yeah, I that I I think that's what I'd go for. >> Mhm. Yeah, so um and sorry, I didn't mean to imply that you people need to be in ketosis in order to see some mental health benefits from changing their diet. Um you make very clear in your book and we'll go into this in more detail that avoiding insulin resistance, reversing insulin resistance, and essentially trying to reverse what earlier described as, you know, this metabolic syndrome, which is a bunch of different things, um is the target. And for some people, getting rid of highly processed foods and focusing mainly on non-processed or minimally processed foods will really help. For others, going straight to the full-blown ketogenic diet will be of most benefit. I'd like to back up a little bit in history and get to something which I find incredibly interesting, which is epilepsy and the long-standing use of ketogenic diet and fasting to treat epilepsy. And the reason I want to kind of rewind to that point in history is that I think that for a lot of listeners and people out there who are familiar with how changing your diet or changing your exercise can positively impact sleep and weight and all these things and it cascades into feeling better. That makes perfect sense. But for a lot of the world still, the idea that changing or using nutrition as a dissection tool or as a treatment tool to understand and treat mental illness is still a kind of heretical idea. That to them it kind of falls in the okay, well, that's like a woo science or something like that. Now, obviously you're board certified physician and psychiatrist that arguably one of the finest medical schools in the world, Harvard Medical School. You know, even though I'm on the Stanford side, we acknowledge we acknowledge our East Coast friends. >> of the West Coast. >> going to talk We're not going to talk >> Well, we're the Stanford of the East Coast. >> That argument could go back and forth a number of times, but you know, this is You're You're a serious clinician and a serious scientist, and you're you're a serious thinker. But, for a lot of people out there, the notion of using diet, they immediately think, "Ah, well, that makes perfect sense." Or, I think there's a category of people who think, "Well, yeah, didn't Atkins die of a heart attack?" You know, I hear that a lot, you know. So, like that was crazy, you know, like people like immediately discard the Atkins diet for that reason, which I do think is throwing the baby out with the bathwater, but it's an interesting thing nonetheless. And then I think that the majority of people sit in the middle and just want to see science and medicine come up with treatments that work. And I have to say I'm very relieved to hear what you said earlier, which was you never said that people should come off their medication and just become go on a ketogenic diet and everything will be cured. You're certainly not saying that. >> No. >> And rather you're saying if I understand correctly that nutrition needs to be considered one of the major tools in the landscape of effective tools, and that it can be very effective, evidenced by the the story that you shared. And And there are many other stories in there as well, of truly miraculous transformations. So, let's talk about epilepsy and how the ketogenic diet is not just used for epilepsy, but is one of the oldest, if not the oldest, examples of the use of nutrition to treat a condition of the nervous system that can be incredibly debilitating, even deadly. >> Yeah. And the reality is that this literature and this clinical history and all the research we have was the godsend that I needed to do the work that I'm doing. Otherwise, I would have been discredited on day one. Chris Palmer's claiming that a dietary change can influence schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. That's impossible and he's a quack. Um, but the thing that immediately got me credibility was I didn't focus on it as a diet. I did a deep dive into the epilepsy literature. So, the ketogenic diet, unbeknownst to most people, was actually developed 100 years ago, 1921, by a physician for one and only one purpose, to treat epilepsy. It wasn't developed as a weight loss diet. It wasn't developed as the the diet that all human beings should follow. And the reason it was developed is because of this long-standing observation since the time of Hippocrates that fasting can stop seizures. Now, fasting is not a healthy diet. Fasting is the process of no diet. But under So, we now understand a tremendous amount of science. Most people think going without food is bad and they equate it with starvation. But in fact, when we go without food, it causes tremendous shifts in metabolism, both brain and body metabolism. And it puts the body into a mode of autophagy and conservation of resources and all sorts of things that that are beneficial to human health. And this is why fasting has been used as a therapeutic intervention in almost every culture and almost every religion for millennia. But but for the most part that was all thought to be religious folklore. That would That was just crazy talk and those those stupid people way back then, you know, thought God cured everything and so they fasted and they just assumed that they were getting better. Well, in 1921, one physician used intermittent fasting on a child with seizures and found that oh, lo and behold, this religious folklore stuff has something to it. It actually worked. The problem with fasting is that you can only fast for so long before you starve to death and that's not a very effective treatment. >> And this child was ingesting water, correct? It was just food elimination fasting. >> So, no special diet. So, it was But the problem with fasting for epilepsy is that as soon as people start eating a normal diet again, their seizures usually come right back. Oftentimes with a vengeance. And so, it can be a good short-term intervention. Uh you know, the if the fasting can take a few days cuz it can take a few days to get ketosis. Um and then you can get some relief from chronic seizures, but it's not a good long-term treatment because again, people will starve to death. As soon as they start eating, seizures come back. So, it was actually Dr. Russell Wilder at the Mayo Clinic who developed the ketogenic diet with one and only one purpose. He wanted to see can we mimic the fasting state using this special diet to see if it might stop seizures long term. And lo and behold, it worked. It uh you know, early results were extraordinarily positive. 50% of patients who used the ketogenic diet became seizure-free and another 35% had a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency. So, about 85% efficacy rate. >> Sorry to interrupt. I I didn't mean to do that there. The um it was it just for pediatric epilepsy or for adult epilepsy as well? >> So, back in the 1920s, we didn't have many anti-epilepsy treatments, and a lot of adults were struggling as well. So, they were using it on anybody who would do the diet. by the 1950s, pharmaceuticals were coming out, and we had many more anti-convulsant treatments, and there's no question they work for a lot of people. That's great. And taking a pill is so much easier than doing this diet. So, the diet pretty much fell out of favor, and nobody was using it from the 1950s to about the '70s. But, lo and behold, even to this day, people with epilepsy, about 30% don't respond to the current treatments that we have available. 30% will have treatment-resistant epilepsy, which means they continue to have seizures, no matter how many anti-convulsants they're taking, even if they've had brain surgery. It just doesn't stop their seizures. And so, in the 1970s, the ketogenic diet was resurrected at Johns Hopkins for these treatment-resistant cases, and lo and behold, it works. Not for all of them, but it works in about uh about 1/3 become seizure-free. And these are people who've tried everything, and nothing's working. So, 1/3 become seizure-free. Another third get a clinical benefit, meaning a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency. And the other third, it doesn't seem to work. It's not always clear if that's because of non-compliance, or if that's because it does the diet's just not working, but about a third, a third, a third. Seizure freedom, reduction in seizures, or it just doesn't work. and so, the reality, the the godsend for me is that we have decades of neuroscience research on the ketogenic diet and what it is doing to the brain. We know that the ketogenic diet is influencing neurotransmitter levels, in particular glutamate, GABA, adenosine. It changes calcium channel regulation and calcium levels, which is really important in the function of cells. It changes gene expression. It It reduces brain inflammation. It changes the gut microbiome and there are gut microbiomes a huge topic right now and there are some researchers who argue that is the primary benefit of the ketogenic diet. It's changing the gut microbiome in beneficial ways. So it's doing a lot of things. It obviously improves insulin resistance, lowers glucose levels, lowers insulin levels, which improves insulin signaling. The key for my research that I've outlined, the real magic is that this diet stimulates two processes that relate to mitochondria. It stimulates a process called mitophagy, which is getting rid of old and defective mitochondria and replacing them with new ones. And it also stimulates a process called mitochondrial biogenesis, which means that after people have done the ketogenic diet for a while, months or years, many of their cells in their bodies and brains will have more mitochondria and those mitochondria will be healthier. And I believe that is the reason the ketogenic diet is such a powerful treatment, not only for epilepsy, but also for people with chronic mental disorders.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mustafizurarafat1347: Many many thanks to you both

- Dr. Chris Palmer - Low-Carb Diets & Anti-Depression, Schizophrenia, Depression & Ketogenic Diet 1: Kind: captions Language: en I want to know at the point where you realized that nutrition can play a profound role in how you feel and operate in a large number of domains you were still a student or a resident at that point I was a resident at that point did you decide that you were going to explore this in a professional context not yet okay so what was the what was the journey forward into the work that you're doing now so so the next step was that I just had friends and family who saw me saw that I had improved my health saw that I lost some weight pretty easily um in particular I remember like my sister and sister-in-law they would got really pissed at me one Thanksgiving because I could resist all the pumpkin pie and apple pie and everything else they were like how the hell are you doing that how are you resisting all of this food I said I don't crave it anymore I don't want it I'm fine I'm just I'm having turkey and green beans and and that's good enough for me so I got them to do the diet and they too noticed dramatic Improvement in their moods and energy and sleep and everything else so within a few years I I I I the the primary thing I noticed is this powerful anti-depressant effect and now I'm you know an attending physician I've got all these patients in my clinical practice with treatment resistant mental illness I'm an tertiary care hospital so I almost never get somebody off the street with their first episode of depression out of the gate as part of my career I get treatment resistant mental disorders so I get people who've already been to six plus psychiatrists therapists they've usually tried dozens of different medications they've been in decades of psychotherapy they've often had ECT and other things and nothing's working and I'm thinking you know well we're kind of out of options for these other people and this diet is having this really powerful anti-depressant effect I think I'm going to try it and just see if any of my patients are game to try it to see if it might help them sure enough it did didn't help everyone and not everybody was interested and or able to do it but the but some of the ones who were able to do it ended up having a remarkable and Powerful anti-depressant Effect one woman actually became hypomanic within a month and she had been depressed pretty much nonstop for over 5 years chronically depressed suicidal in and out of hospitals and I saw her become hypomanic and I'm thinking wow this really is a powerful anti-depressant effect like this is amazing this is like a medication but better because it actually is working for her and um but I laid low at that point because at that point we didn't have many clinical Trials of the safety or efficacy of Atkins diet for even weight loss or diabetes let alone any mental disorders and so I really actually felt like I'm On The Fringe here and this is not going to be met with With Praise by anyone so I'm just going to lay low I'm going to offer it to patients and uh and I I went along that way up until 2016 um and may just ask about the diet um when you say Atkins diet so this is low to zero starch so low carbohydrate diet certainly low sugar yeah um and was it traditional Atkins uh were you tailoring it to the individual patient depending on their psychiatric symptoms whether or not they were overweight or not overweight um I'm assuming you're not a nutritionist so how did you prescribe a nutrition plan for your patients um and what was involved in making sure that they adhered to that um maybe even some of the things you observed in terms of who was more willing to try this or not try this um any observations or maybe even data so early on I was winging it then I was you know the the first few patients it was try this Atkins diet I want to see ketosis so I was going for keton so they were pricking their finger and they were doing a blood a ketone test I I I didn't know about blood Ketone meas monitors if they existed back then so I was we were using urine strips which are not quite as accurate but still useful as a general guide from what I understand is that right absolutely and uh so so I was strongly recommending that patients achieve urinary ketosis and the interesting thing is I noticed a pattern that when they were trying the diet and not getting ketones they often did not get a clinical benefit it was once they got into ketosis that I began to notice the clinical benefit and uh the the powerful anti-depressant effect so probably any nutrition plan AKA diet that elevated ketones in the urine to the point where you would say this person is in ketosis or they would say I'm in ketosis that was a step in the right direction independent of like exactly what they were eating or not eating together there um including fasting at that time probably fasting wasn't as popular now thanks to the incredible work I think it's incredible and he is a former colleague and I know there's a lot of controversy about fasting but I think for many people fasting is a powerful tool for others it's a less useful tool but of sain panda and others um but fasting certainly will limit your carbohydrate intake and get you into ketosis correct it will did you have any patients fast or do intermittent fasting I did um so and and we had some I had some patients who did what what Atkins had called a fat fast where they eat primarily fat um so they either fast and or they eat primarily fats to try to get into a state of ketosis so for some patients it was actually quite easy to get into ketosis especially overweight and obese patients they have a lot of fat stores on their body and actually limiting carbohydrates usually results in high levels of ketosis for them and they probably feel better too I imagine because when we limit our starch intake we start to excrete a lot of water people can um get some pretty quick weight loss that even though it may not be fat loss makes them feel literally a little lighter and maybe a little more energetic is that absolutely and uh and as the years went on you know the field was advancing more research was coming out people were getting a little more sophisticated with blood Ketone monitoring with different versions of ketogenic diets and I was evolving my practice um the thing that completely upended everything that I knew as a psychiatrist though was when I helped a patient in 2016 lose weight so this was a patient 33y old man with schizo effective disorder he had been my patient for 8 years now could you clarify for B what schizo effective disord I I'm not a clinician but as I recall it's it's like a low level of schizophrenia so there might be some auditory hallucinations if I met this person I might think they're kind of different quote unquote weird but they would not seem necessarily the um scary to me uh and to T typically to other people um and I mean that with with respect of course but often times people with schizophrenia can seem just like you you don't even know how to interact with them because their world seem so altered um because they have all these so-called positive symptoms hallucinations and they're talking to people that no one else can see Etc is that schizo effective so no actually so schizo effective is the same as schizophrenia essentially the only difference is it's schizophrenia with superimposed mood episodes oh so it's actually more severe than it can be okay so I have it backwards so schizo effective disorder is essentially schizophrenia and plus some mood episodes maybe I'm thinking of schiz typle typle is is the lowgrade kind of mild paranoia or you know kind of eccentric beliefs and other things okay so I I uh folks out there I have my nomenclature backwards schizotypal is the quote unquote lower lowlevel schizophrenia or schizoid like um schizo effective is as or fullblown schizophrenia plus full-blown usually bipolar Sy and now it's absolutely clear who the clinician in the room is thank you for that reminder no no worries so so this man had schizo effective disorder he had he had daily auditory hallucinations he had paranoid delusions he could not go out in public without being terrified he uh he was convinced that there were these powerful families that they had technologies that could control his thoughts they could broadcast his thoughts to other people they were trying to hurt him they had targeted him for some reason he wasn't quite sure why he had some suspicions and beliefs about maybe when he did this bad thing when he was 11 years old that's why they decided to Target him this man was tormented by his illness tormented it ruined his life he had already tried 17 different medications and none of them stopped his symptoms but they did cause him to gain a lot of weight these are the medications as I recall for schizophrenia that classical ones are dopamine receptor blockers cause people to huge increases in prolactin that's why sometimes men will get breast development and they'll put on a lot of weight and they'll be catatonic or movement disorders they make you feel like I have to imagine given how good most things that release dopamine make us feel that blocking dopamine receptors with antipsychotics makes people feel lousy horrible and uh and and it's a huge challenge in our field because a lot of patients don't want to take them and uh and then you get these rebound effects if patients are on them for several months and then they stop them cold turkey they can get wildly psychotic and Ill end up aggressive or hospitalized or sometimes dead um so so that's him he weighs 340 lbs and for whatever reason he gets it in his head I'm never going to get a girlfriend if I don't lose some weight he also recognizes I'm never going to get a girlfriend cuz I'm a loser I'm schizophrenic I live with my father I you know I have nothing going for me but I could at least try to address one of these awful horrible things about myself and maybe I could lose some weight so he asked for my help for a variety of reasons we ended up deciding to try the ketogenic diet now at this point I have no anticipation that the ketogenic diet is going to do anything for his psychiatric symptoms because this man has schizo effective disorder that's not depression depression is very different they're totally different disorders so he decides to give it a try within two weeks not only does he start losing weight but I begin to notice this dramatic anti-depressant effect he's making better eye contact he's smiling more he's talking a lot more I'm thinking like what's gotten into you like you're coming to life like you're I've never heard you talk this much I've never seen seen you so excited or present or alive I haven't changed his meds at all the thing that upended everything that I knew as a psychiatrist was six to eight weeks in he spontaneously starts reporting you know those voices that I hear all the time they're going away and he says you know you know how I always thought that there were all these families who were controlling my thoughts and out to get me and they had targeted me and I'm thinking oh yeah we've been talking about that for eight years we could talk about that again he says you know what I now that I think about it I don't think that's true and now that I say it it sounds kind of crazy it probably never was I've probably had schizophrenia all along like everybody's been trying to tell me and I think it's going away that man went on now lost 160 lbs and kept it off to this day wow he was able to do things he had not been able to do since the time of his diagnosis he was able to complete a certificate program he was able to go out in public and not be paranoid he could he performed improv in front of a live audience at one point he was able to move out of his father's home and live independently and that completely blew my mind as a psychiatrist and I went on a scientific journey to understand what in the hell just happened that is indeed mind-blowing

- Diet & Nutrition for Mental Health | Dr. Chris Palmer: Kind: captions Language: en ANDREW HUBERMAN: Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. [MUSIC PLAYING] I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today, my guest is Dr. Chris Palmer. Dr. Chris Palmer is a medical doctor specializing in psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. He is the world expert in the relationship between metabolic disorders and psychiatric disorders. He treats a variety of different conditions, including psychosis, including schizophrenia, as well as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety disorders, and depression among others. He is best known for understanding the relationship between how metabolism and these various disorders of the mind interact. And indeed, today, he describes not only his own fascinating journey into the field of psychiatry but also his clinical and research experience using diet that is different forms of nutrition in order to treat various psychiatric disorders. He describes some remarkable case studies of individuals and groups of people who have achieved tremendous relief from the types of psychiatric disorders that I just mentioned a few moments ago, as well as new and emerging themes as to how metabolism and the mind interact to control things like obesity. Indeed, he raises the hypothesis that perhaps obesity, in many cases, is the consequence of a brain dysfunction as opposed to the consequence of a metabolic dysfunction that then impacts the brain. During today's episode, he shares with us his overriding hypotheses about the critical roles that mitochondrial function and dysfunction play in mental health and mental illness, and how various particular types of diets-- ranging from the ketogenic diet to modified ketogenic diet and even just slight adjustments in carbohydrate intake-- can be used in order to change mitochondrial function and bring relief for various psychiatric illnesses. He also highlights the essential and important theme that various diet interventions, including the ketogenic diet, were not first developed for sake of weight loss but rather were developed as treatments for neurologic conditions, such as epilepsy. Today, he shares with us how the foods that we eat alone and in combination, and how fasting-- both intermittent fasting and more lengthy fasts-- can interact with the way that our brain functions to strongly control the way that we think, feel, and behave. What's wonderful is that Dr. Palmer not only explains the science and his clinical expertise, but also points to various actionable measures that people can take in order to improve their mental health. I'd like to mention that Dr. Palmer is also the author of a terrific new book. The title is Brain Energy: A Revolutionary Breakthrough in Understanding Mental Health and Improving Treatment for Anxiety, Depression, OCD, PTSD and More. I've read the book, and it is a terrific read. I came away from this book with a much evolved understanding of how the various psychiatric described, as well as ADHD, emerge in people. And it has completely revised my understanding about the possible origins of various psychiatric disorders and the best ways to treat them, including both with medications but also with nutritional approaches. If you'd like to learn more about Dr. Palmer's work and the book, please go to chrispalmermd.com. We also provide links to the book and to his website in our show note captions. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science-related tools for the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is Thesis. Thesis makes custom nootropics. And as I've said many times before on this podcast, I am not a fan of the word "nootropics" because it means smart drugs. And frankly, there are no specific neural circuits in the brain or body for being, quote unquote, "smart." Thesis understands this. And they've developed custom nootropics that are designed to bring your brain and body into the state that's ideal for what you need to accomplish. They use the highest quality ingredients, things like phosphatidylserine, alpha GPC, many ingredients that I've talked about before on this podcast and that I happen to use myself. I've been using Thesis for over a year now. And I can confidently say that their nootropics have been a game changer. For me, I like their nootropic for clarity. I use that before cognitive work often. And I like their nootropic for energy, and I often use that before workouts-- in particular, workouts that are especially intense. To get your own personalized nootropic starter kit, go online to takethesis.com/huberman. Take their 3-minute quiz, and Thesis will send you four different formulas to try in your first month. Again, that's And use the code Huberman at checkout to get 10% off your first box. Today's episode is also brought to us by Eight Sleep. Eight Sleep makes smart mattress covers with cooling, heating, and sleep tracking capacity. I've talked many times on this podcast about the critical relationship between sleep and body temperature. That is, in order to fall asleep and stay deeply asleep throughout the night, our body temperature needs to drop by about 1 to 3 degrees. And conversely, when we wake up in the morning, that is, in large part, because of our body heating up by 1 to 3 degrees. Now, people have different core body temperatures. And they tend to run colder or hotter throughout the night. Eight Sleep allows you to adjust the temperature of your sleeping environment so that you have the optimal temperature that gets you the best night's sleep. I started sleeping on an Eight Sleep mattress cover about eight months ago, and it has completely transformed my sleep. I sleep so much deeper. I wake up far less during the middle of the night, if at all. And I wake up feeling far better than I ever have even after the same amount of sleep. If you want to try Eight Sleeping, you can go to eightsleep.com/huberman to save up to $400 off their sleep fit holiday bundle, which includes their new Pod 3 cover. Eight Sleep currently ships in the USA, Canada, United Kingdom, select countries in the EU, and Australia. eightsleep.com/huberman. brought to us by ROKA. ROKA makes eyeglasses and sunglasses that are of the absolute highest quality. The company was founded by two All-American swimmers from Stanford. And everything about ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses were designed with performance in mind. I've spent a lifetime working on the biology, the visual system. And I can tell you that your visual system has to contend with an enormous number of challenges in order for you to see clearly-- for instance, when you move from a sunny area to a shady area and back again, whether or not you're looking at something up close or often to the distance. ROKA understands the biology of the visual system and has designed their accordingly so that you always see with perfect clarity. ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses were initially designed for activities such as running and cycling. And indeed, they are very lightweight. Most of the time I can't even remember that they're on my face. They're so lightweight. But the important thing to know about ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses is that while they can be used during sports activities, they also have a terrific aesthetic. And they can be used just as well for wearing to work or out to dinner, et cetera. If you'd like to try ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses, you can go to ROKA-- that's roka.com, and enter the code Huberman to save 20% off on your first order. Again, that's ROKA, roka.com, and enter the code Huberman at checkout. And now, for my discussion with Dr. Chris Palmer. Chris, Dr. Palmer, thank you for being here. CHRIS PALMER: Thank you, Andrew, for having me. ANDREW HUBERMAN: I have a lot of questions for you. And I'm really excited about this topic because I think most people know what mental illness is-- or they have some idea what that is. Most people have some idea what nutrition is. Fewer people certainly know how closely those things can interact. And I think everybody is familiar with the feeling of a food or the ingestion of a food making them feel good in the short term. When we eat a food that tastes delicious to us or that we associate with something nice, then we feel good mentally and physically. Whereas, when we eat something that gives us food poisoning or maybe even something that just doesn't taste that great or that we associate with a bad experience, we feel less good in the short term. But I believe that very few people understand or are familiar with the fact that nutrition and our mental health interact in this very intimate, maybe even causal, way and that is something that occurs over long periods of time. Meaning, what I ate yesterday or the day before, maybe even 10 years ago, could be impacting the way that my brain and body are making me feel now. So if you would, I'd love for you to just tell us about a little bit of the history, in particular, your history with exploring the relationship between nutrition and mental health. And then we can dive into some of the more particulars of ketogenic diets versus other diets, and some of the truly miraculous findings that you and others are coming up with based on real patients and real experiences of people who suffer and then find relief by altering their nutrition. CHRIS PALMER: Sure. This story really starts with my own personal story. And I don't need to go into great detail. But to set the stage, when I was a kid, I definitely had mental illness, started with OCD. A series of events happened in my family. My mother had a horrible kind of psychotic break, and all sorts of adverse childhood events for me. She and I were actually homeless together for a while. I went on to have subsequent depression, suicidality, all sorts of things. But somehow or another, I pulled myself together and got through medical school-- actually did quite well in medical school, got an award for being one of the top students, and then was doing my internship and residency at Harvard. And at that point in time, I was diagnosed with metabolic syndrome. So I had high blood pressure, horrible lipids, and pre-diabetes. And I was doing everything right supposedly. I was on a low-fat diet, and I was exercising regularly. And year after year, my doctor kept telling me diet and exercise. I kept asking him, what diet? What exercise? I was doing everything he kept telling me to do. Everything was getting worse. My blood pressure kept going higher. And at some point, he kind of said, you're going to have to go on medication. I need to put you on something for your pre-diabetes, something for your cholesterol, and something for your blood pressure. So three pills out of the gate. And I'm like, I'm only in my 20s. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Were you overweight? CHRIS PALMER: No. Technically, no. I had a gut, so that's a sign of insulin resistance, I know now. I didn't know it then. And he actually kind of leaned in at one point and said, do your parents have diabetes? Yeah. Do your parents have high blood pressure? Are your parents overweight? Oh, I'm really sorry, it's genetic. Basically, you're screwed. It's your genes. You're just going to have to bite the bullet and take meds. And as a physician, I knew what that meant. I knew that I'm in my 20s, if I'm already on three meds for metabolic syndrome, I'm going to be screwed by the time I'm 40 or 50. And I'm probably going to be having heart attacks. And I'd heard through the rumor mill that the Atkins diet could somehow help people improve their cholesterol in pre-diabetes. I actually didn't really believe it. I was highly skeptical. And I believed everything I was taught in medical school. Why would my professors lie to me? They knew what they were talking about. Low-fat diet was the thing to do. And the Atkins diet was clearly dangerous and reckless. But I had been trying the medical dogma for years, and it wasn't working for me. And so for whatever reason, I decided this is going to be my last attempt at something different. And then I'll just bite the bullet and go on meds. So I tried the Atkins diet. I did my own special version of it. I still avoided red meat because I was terrified of red meat. I tried to do a healthy version, which it's probably more like the South Beach diet. This was before the South Beach Diet was invented. But within three months, my metabolic syndrome was completely gone. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So blood pressure normalized, lipids normalized. Did your weight change? You mentioned that you were of healthy weight but that you had a bit of abdominal-- CHRIS PALMER: Yes. ANDREW HUBERMAN: --fat. CHRIS PALMER: I lost the abdominal fat. I probably lost about 10 pounds through this process. But everything got normal. And when I went back to my doctor, he was shocked. He actually said, what the hell are you doing? During the time before you switched to this new diet, how was your mental health, if you don't mind me asking? Because it sound like you're very clear that there was metabolic syndrome or you were headed towards more severe metabolic syndrome. You mentioned OCD. I actually am familiar with this. As a kid, I had a low level kind of Tourette's grunt. And probably me, obsessive still to some extent-- although not full-blown clinically diagnosed OCD, so I can relate somewhat. If you're willing, what was the context of all that before and after this nutritional switch? CHRIS PALMER: So before the nutritional switch, I was still struggling with low grade depression and OCD. Again, it wasn't necessarily interfering with my ability to function because I was functioning at a high level. Anybody looking from the outside, you're a top student. You just got into one of the most competitive-- actually, at that point, it was the most competitive residency program in the country for psychiatry. So they would have looked at me and said, you're fine. But I wasn't. I was actually on medications. I was trying different medications, trying to figure out how to feel better, how to stop obsessing so much, how to not be so depressed. And I found that those medications, they actually came with more side effects for me than benefits. I was on Prozac for a long time. It totally messed up my sleep. And then the psychiatrist was like, you need pills to help you sleep now. And I'm-- I just-- I'm like, that doesn't-- that's not really resonating very well with me. And I'm now a psychiatrist. I'm in my psychiatry residency. And I'm thinking, you know what? That's just not sitting well with me that you're going to prescribe more and more meds for all the side effects that you're causing. And yet at the same time, I wanted to feel better. And I was learning chemical imbalances. This is what we do to get rid of depression and OCD. You're supposed to take your pills. And so I was taking my pills. I was in psychotherapy. I had been in psychotherapy on and off for years. I had received much more intensive treatment when I was younger. And that was essentially worthless for me. It actually probably just caused harm at the end of the day. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Psychoanalysis? CHRIS PALMER: Various psychotherapies-- not psychoanalysis per se, but some of them were psychoanalytically-oriented psychotherapies. I was actually hospitalized at one point. I had been put on lithium and imipramine, which is a tricyclic antidepressant, and other things. And they were actually horrible. They were horrible. They did nothing beneficial for me. I gave them a decent amount of time to work. I really wanted to feel better. So at the time that I tried this diet, I certainly wasn't impaired in the same way. I wasn't struggling that much. But I was-- still have these low grade symptoms, was trying to feel better. And the thing that was the most striking to me, after doing the diet for three months, was not the fact that my metabolic syndrome was gone. That was my goal, and it was a seemingly miraculous achievement because I got rid of everything with one dietary change. But the thing that I noticed was dramatic improvement in my mood, energy, concentration, and sleep. I-- for the first time in my life, I started waking up before my alarm went off and feeling rested. That never happened to me before. I was meticulous about planning when my alarm went off and how many times I could push the snooze button in order to be on time for wherever I needed to be, whether it was school or the hospital or whatever. I had it. I had this good system. I was never late for anything. But that was shocking to me, that I felt so good. And one of the things that I've often said to people, prior to the diet, I always felt like there are two types of people in the world. There are "haves" and "have-nots." There are these happy, peppy people, who just are so positive, and they've got energy. And they have the saying, they like to work hard and play hard. And I always understood working hard. I totally got that because I was a hard worker and I understood the value of hard work. And you got to do something useful with yourself. But I never understood who the hell wants to play hard, like who's got energy for that? Aren't you tired from working so hard? How on Earth do these people have energy to go and play hard? And I assumed that they were just part of the "haves" in the world. And they were just lucky and privileged. They either had good genetics or maybe they had good childhoods or good parents or something-- something that I didn't have. ANDREW HUBERMAN: The kids with genuine smiles in the yearbooks. CHRIS PALMER: Yes, exactly. ANDREW HUBERMAN: [LAUGHS] Whereas, the rest-- and by the way, I really appreciate you sharing some of your personal story because I think it is very important for people to hear and understand that people like yourself, who are extremely high functioning and accomplished, that the road was-- from everything I'm hearing and understanding-- very choppy internally at times, and that you've overcome a lot in order to get there. And also, have been going through what sounds like a very long iterative process of trying to figure out what works and what doesn't work to finally arrive at a solution, and then make that the basis of much of the work that you're doing today for other people. I think it's very important because I think many people share with you this notion that there are indeed two groups-- a happy group and then fated-to-be unhappy group. And it speaks to the fact that-- your story, rather, speaks to the fact that what we see is not always what's going on internally with people and that this notion of there just being two groups-- the happy or the haves and the have-nots-- can't be the way that it works, and there are probably many more people suffering than we realize, and that there is an important need for tools to overcome that suffering. So I really just hear you. Even early in our discussion, I just want to extend a genuine thanks because so much of what I hear from people is questions about health, and mental health, and physical health. But that clearly point to the fact that many people are struggling to varying degrees. And even the people who are in this category of great childhood and happiness could do far better for themselves and then also for other people. So thank you for that. I want to know. At the point where you realized that nutrition can play a profound role in how you feel and operate in a large number of domains, you are still a student or a resident at that point? CHRIS PALMER: I was a resident. ANDREW HUBERMAN: At that point, did you decide that you were going to explore this in a professional context? CHRIS PALMER: Not yet. ANDREW HUBERMAN: OK. So what was the journey forward into the work that you're doing now? CHRIS PALMER: So the next step was that I just had friends and family who saw me, saw that I had improved my health, saw that I lost some weight pretty easily. In particular, I remember my sister and sister-in-law, they got really pissed at me one Thanksgiving because I could resist all the pumpkin pie, and apple pie, and everything else. They were like, how the hell are you doing that? How are you resisting all of this food? And I said, I don't crave it anymore. I don't want it, I'm fine. I'm just-- I'm having turkey and green beans. And that's good enough for me. So I got them to do the diet. And they too noticed dramatic improvement in their moods, and energy, and sleep, So within a few years, the primary thing I noticed is this powerful antidepressant effect. And now, I'm an attending physician. I've got all these patients in my clinical practice with treatment resistant mental illness. I'm in a tertiary care hospital. So I almost never get somebody off the street with their first episode of depression. Out of the gate, as part of my career, I get treatment resistant mental disorders. So I get people who've already been to 6-plus psychiatrists, therapists. They've usually tried dozens of different medications. They've been in decades of psychotherapy. They've often had ECT and other things. And nothing's working. And I'm thinking, well, we're kind of out of options for these other people. And this diet is having this really powerful antidepressant effect. I think I'm going to try it and just see if any of my patients are game to try it to see if it might help them. Sure enough, it did. Didn't help everyone and not everybody was interested and/or able to do it. But some of the ones who were able to do it ended up having a remarkable and powerful antidepressant effect. One woman actually became hypomanic within a month. And she had been depressed pretty much nonstop for over five years-- chronically depressed, suicidal, in and out of hospitals. And I saw her become hypomanic. wow, this really is a powerful This is amazing. This is like a medication but better because it actually is working for her. But I laid low at that point because, at that point, we didn't have many clinical trials of the safety or efficacy of the Atkins diet for even weight loss or diabetes, let alone any mental disorders. And so I really actually felt like I'm on the fringe here. And this is not going to be met with praise by anyone. So I'm just going to lay low. I'm going to offer it to patients. And I went along that way up until 2016. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And may I just ask about the diet? When you say "Atkins diet," so this is low to zero starch, so low carbohydrate diet, certainly low sugar. CHRIS PALMER: Yeah. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And was it traditional Atkins? Were you tailoring it to the individual patient depending on their psychiatric symptoms, whether or not they were overweight or not overweight? I'm assuming you're not a nutritionist, so how did you prescribe a nutrition plan for your patients? And what was involved in making sure that they adhered to that, maybe even some of the things you observed in terms of who was more willing to try this or not try this? Any observations or maybe even data? CHRIS PALMER: So early on, I was winging it. And I was-- the first few patients, it was try this Atkins diet. I want to see ketosis, so I was going for ketones. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So they were pricking their finger, and they were doing a blood ketone test? CHRIS PALMER: I didn't know about blood ketone monitors if they existed back then. So I was-- we were using urine strips. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Which are not quite as accurate but still useful as a general guide, from what I understand. CHRIS PALMER: True. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Is that right? CHRIS PALMER: Absolutely. CHRIS PALMER: So I was strongly recommending that patients achieve urinary ketosis. And the interesting thing is I noticed a pattern, that when they were trying the diet and not getting ketones, they often did not get a clinical benefit. It was once they got into ketosis that I began to notice the clinical benefit and the powerful ANDREW HUBERMAN: So probably any nutrition plan, a.k.a diet, that elevated ketones in the urine to the point where you would say, this person is in ketosis-- or they would say I'm in ketosis-- that was a step in the right direction, independent of exactly what they were eating or not eating to get there, including fasting? At that time, probably, fasting wasn't as popular now. Thanks to the incredible work-- I think it's incredible, and he is a former colleague. And I know there's a lot of controversy about fasting. But I think, for many people, fasting is a powerful tool. For others, it's a less useful tool --of Satchin Panda and others. But fasting certainly will limit your carbohydrate intake and get you into ketosis. Correct? CHRIS PALMER: It will. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Did you have any patients fast or do intermittent fasting? CHRIS PALMER: I did. I had some patients who did what Atkins had called a fat fast, where they eat primarily fat. So they either fast and/or they eat primarily fats to try to get into a state of ketosis. So for some patients, it was actually quite easy to get into ketosis, especially overweight and obese patients. They have a lot of fat stores on their body and actually limiting carbohydrates usually results in high levels of ketosis for them. And they probably feel better too, I imagine, because when we limit our starch intake, we start to excrete a lot of water. People can get some pretty quick weight loss that even though it may not be fat loss, makes them feel literally a little lighter and maybe a little more energetic. Is that right? And as the years went on, the field was advancing, more research was coming out. People were getting a little more sophisticated with blood ketone monitoring, with different versions of ketogenic diets. And I was evolving my practice. The thing that completely upended everything that I knew as a psychiatrist, though, was when I helped a patient in 2016 lose weight. So this was a patient, 33-year-old man with schizoaffective disorder. He had been my patient for eight years now. Could you clarify for people what schizoaffective disorder is? I'm not a clinician. But as I recall, it's like a low level of schizophrenia. So there might be some auditory hallucinations. If I met this person, I might think they're kind of different, quote unquote, "weird." But they would not seem necessarily scary to me and to typically to other people. And I mean that with respect, of course. But oftentimes, people with schizophrenia can seem just like-- you don't even know how to interact with them because their world seems so altered because they have all these so-called positive symptoms-- hallucinations, and they're talking to people that no one else can see, et cetera. Is that schizoaffective? CHRIS PALMER: So no. So schizoaffective is the same as schizophrenia essentially. The only difference is it's schizophrenia with superimposed mood episodes. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Oh, so it's actually more severe than-- CHRIS PALMER: It can be. So I have it backwards. CHRIS PALMER: So schizoaffective disorder is essentially schizophrenia and plus some mood episodes. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Ah, maybe I'm thinking of schizotypal? CHRIS PALMER: Schizotypal is the low grade, kind of mild paranoia, or kind of eccentric beliefs, Folks out there, I have my nomenclature backwards. Schizotypal is the, quote unquote, lower-- "low level" schizophrenia or schizoid-like. Schizoaffective is as or more severe. CHRIS PALMER: Full-blown schizophrenia plus full-blown usually bipolarism. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And now, it's absolutely clear who the clinician in the room is. [LAUGHTER] Thank you for that reminder. CHRIS PALMER: No worries. So this man had schizoaffective disorder. He had daily auditory hallucinations. He had paranoid delusions. He could not go out in public without being terrified. He was convinced that there were these powerful families, that they had technologies that could control his thoughts. They could broadcast his thoughts to other people. They were trying to hurt him. They had targeted him for some reason. He wasn't quite sure why. He had some suspicions and beliefs about maybe when he did this bad thing when he was 11 years old, that's why they decided to target him. This man was tormented by his illness, tormented. It ruined his life. He had already tried 17 and none of them stopped his symptoms. But they did cause him to gain a lot of weight. ANDREW HUBERMAN: These medications, as I recall, for schizophrenia-- the classical ones are dopamine receptor blockers-- caused people to-- huge increases in prolactin. That's why sometimes men-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --will get breast development. And they'll put on a lot of weight. And they'll be catatonic-- or movement disorders. ANDREW HUBERMAN: They make you feel like-- I have to imagine, given how good most things that release dopamine make us feel, that blocking dopamine receptors with antipsychotics makes people feel lousy. CHRIS PALMER: Horrible. And it's a huge challenge in our field because a lot of patients don't want to take them. And then you get these rebound effects. If patients are on them for several months, and then they stop them cold turkey, they can get wildly psychotic and ill, end up aggressive or hospitalized or sometimes dead. So that's him. He weighs 340 pounds. And for whatever reason, he gets it in his head, I'm never going to get a girlfriend if I don't lose some weight. He also recognizes, I'm never going to get a girlfriend because I'm a loser. I'm schizophrenic. I live with my father. I have nothing going for me. But I could at least try to address one of these awful, horrible things about myself. And maybe I could lose some weight. So he asked for my help. For a variety of reasons, we ended up deciding to try the ketogenic diet. Now, at this point, I have no anticipation that the ketogenic diet is going to do anything for his psychiatric symptoms because this man has schizoaffective disorder. That's not depression. Depression is very different. They're totally different disorders. So he decides to give it a try. Within two weeks, not only does he start losing weight, but I begin to notice this dramatic antidepressant effect. He's making better eye contact. He's smiling more. He's talking a lot more. I'm thinking like, what's gotten into you? You're coming to life. Like you're-- I've never heard you talk this much. I've never seen you so excited or present or alive. I haven't changed his meds at all. The thing that that I knew as a psychiatrist was six to eight weeks in, he spontaneously starts reporting, you know, those voices that I hear all the time? They're going away. And he says, you know how I always thought that there were all these families who were controlling my thoughts and out to get me, and they had targeted me? And I'm thinking, oh, yeah. We've been talking about that for eight years. We can talk about that again. He says, you know what? Now that I think about it, I don't think that's true. And now that I say it, it sounds kind of crazy. It probably never was. I've probably had schizophrenia all along like everybody's been trying to tell me. And I think it's going away. That man went on-- he's now lost 160 pounds and kept it off to this day. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Wow. CHRIS PALMER: He was able to do things he had not been able to do since the time of his diagnosis. He was able to complete a certificate program. He's able to go out in public and not be paranoid. He performed improv in front of a live audience. at? One point, he was able to move out of his father's home and live independently. And that completely blew my mind as a psychiatrist. And I went on a scientific journey to understand what in the hell just happened. ANDREW HUBERMAN: That is indeed mind-blowing. I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our sponsors, Athletic Greens. Athletic Greens, now called AG1, is a vitamin mineral probiotic drink that covers all of your foundational nutritional needs. I've been taking Athletic Greens since 2012, so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring the podcast. The reason I started taking Athletic Greens and the reason I still take Athletic Greens once or usually twice a day is that it gets me the probiotics that I need for gut health. Our gut is very important. It's populated by gut microbiota that communicate with the brain, the immune system, and basically all the biological systems of our body to strongly impact our immediate and long-term health. And those probiotics in Athletic Greens are optimal and vital for microbiotic health. In addition, Athletic Greens contains a number of adaptogens, vitamins, and minerals that make sure that all of my foundational nutritional needs are met. And it tastes great. If you'd like to try Athletic Greens, athleticgreens.com/huberman, and they'll give you five free travel packs that make it really easy to mix up Athletic Greens while you're on the road, in the car, on the plane, et cetera. And they'll give you a year supply of vitamin D3/K2. athleticgreens.com/huberman to get the five free travel packs and the year supply of vitamin D3/K2. I have a couple of questions. First of all, did he stay on any kind of antipsychotic or other medication? If so, were the dosages adjusted, excuse me, while undergoing this remarkable transition? Because as we know, it's not an either or medication or nutrition changes, it can be both. And then the other question is one of adherence. I think about someone with schizoaffective disorder, who's suffering from all the sorts of things that you described. How does somebody like that organize themselves in order to stay on a ketogenic diet? And I say this with all the seriousness in the world. I think there are a lot of people who do not have schizotypal or schizoaffective disorder who have trouble, they claim, adhering to a ketogenic diet. It's not the easiest diet. Certainly in its extreme form at first, it's not the easiest diet to stick to. So how did he do it? That sounds like a remarkable individual. And I'd also like to just know your general thoughts about adherence to things when people are back on their heels mentally. How do they get motivated and stick to something? So the questions were, medication, yes or no? If yes, dosage adjusted, yes or no. And if people are suffering from depression or full-blown psychotic episodes, how does one ensure that they continue to adhere to a diet? CHRIS PALMER: So in terms of medications, he has remained on medication. So early on, I wasn't adjusting anything. I was just in disbelief and shock that this was happening. I didn't know what was going on. Over the years, we have slowly but surely tried to taper him off his meds. He has been on meds for decades. He started medications when he was a young child. His brain is as developed in response to all sorts of psychiatric medications. And it has not been easy to try to get him off. We continue to try to get him off medication. And it's challenging and difficult. And I just want to say for any listeners, it is-- getting off your meds is very difficult and dangerous. And you need to do it with supervision, with a mental health professional or a prescriber because it is dangerous. When people reduce their meds too much, they can get wildly symptomatic. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Is that true for depression as well? CHRIS PALMER: It's true for any psychiatric medication. The brain makes adaptations in response to psychiatric medications. And when you stop them cold turkey-- some people are fine. But I wouldn't recommend finding out because I've seen patients-- when they stop antidepressants, I've seen patients get flooredly depressed and suicidal within three months. I had one patient, almost quit her job because she became convinced that, well, my life sucks, and it's all because of my boss. And I know that she's just a horrible human being. And she's abusing me. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I think this is related to your medication change. We got her back on her meds, within three days, she said, oh my god, I can't believe that happened. I almost quit my job. And that would have been the most illogical and irrational decision I've ever made in my entire life. But somehow, it seemed so real just several days ago. And now that I'm back on this medication-- and it doesn't mean that she needs the meds. But it doesn't mean that he needs the meds. It means that meds need to be adjusted very safely, and cautiously, and gradually. So that's the medication piece. The adherence piece was not easy for him and for other patients. It is very rare that I have a patient who I can say, do the ketogenic diet. Come see me in 3 months, and let me know how it was going. That almost never happens. It has happened, I think, on two occasions. ANDREW HUBERMAN: But that is, if I understand correctly, what-- perhaps not you-- but many psychiatrists do with medication. It's, here's your prescription. Let's talk in-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --a month or three months. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So that's a variable that is probably worth us exploring a little bit here as the conversation continues. That frequent contact and making micro adjustments or macro adjustments to medication or nutrition, could be meaningful. So with this particular patient, early on, he was actually pretty adherent. I was seeing him once a week. And so I could do a lot of education. I was weighing him. I was checking his ketones. I was checking his glucose levels. At that point, I had a blood ketone monitor in my office. So I knew whether he was compliant or not, which is so beneficial in doing clinical work and research on this diet. It's the only diet where within seconds, I can have an objective biomarker of compliance or noncompliance. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Such a key point and again, brings to mind, for me, the parallel with medication. A patient can say they're taking their medication, and unless they're in a hospital setting, where somebody's checking under their tongue and all of this, they very well could not be taking it or taking more. And you and I both know that blood draws for neurotransmitter levels are complicated because you want to know what's in the brain and what's functional in the brain. And then we have to imagine that most people there prescribed drugs for any number of different psychiatric conditions are not giving blood every time they talk to their psychiatrist or psychologist. No? On that front, when we've looked at studies of compliance, the majority of patients are at least somewhat noncompliant with prescription medications. It's not on purpose. They forgot. They take it at night. They were out late. They were off their routine. They forgot to brush their teeth-- because that's when they take their meds. And so because it was so late, they just crashed when they got home. They forgot to take their meds. Happens all the time. If it's a medication that people take more than once a day, the noncompliance rates are much higher because it's just easy to forget. So it's not that people are willfully disobeying their doctors or anything else. It's just hard to remember to take meds consistently every day. ANDREW HUBERMAN: When you say measuring ketones, I want to drill into this a little bit because it does seem that the presence of ketones and somebody being, quote unquote, "in ketosis," it turns out to be the key variable. Certainly, in your book, that's one of the major takeaways-- although there were many important takeaways-- that people get into ketosis. Do they have to stay in ketosis? So for instance, I've followed the-- I don't any longer. But I've tried, in the past, the so-called cyclic ketogenic diet, where every third or fourth day, get some pasta, or rice, et cetera. That was interesting as an experiment. But to stay in ketosis, what sort of blood levels of ketones do you like to see in your patients? What is the range that you think most people could aspire to? CHRIS PALMER: So it really depends on the patient and what I'm treating, quite honestly. And I don't think every patient needs the ketogenic diet. For some patients, simply getting rid of junk food can make a huge difference in a mood disorder, for instance. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So a junk food, meaning, highly processed food, food that could last on the shelf a very long time. CHRIS PALMER: Highly processed foods that are usually high in both sugar, carbohydrate, and carbs, and fats. Those seem to be the worst foods. That combination-- high sugar, high fat-- seems to be the worst combination for metabolic health. And lo and behold, we've got emerging data that suggests, that strongly suggests, it's also bad for mental health. Depression and anxiety are the most common mental disorders. And so we have the best data for those disorders. But we actually have a lot of data with even bipolar disorder and schizophrenia that insulin resistance, in particular, and insulin signaling in the brain is impaired in people with chronic mental disorders kind of across the board-- all the way from chronic anxiety, depression, to bipolar, to schizophrenia, and even Alzheimer's disease. We know that patients with all of those disorders have impaired glucose metabolism and that the insulin signaling system in the brain, which is different than insulin signaling in the periphery, seems to somehow possibly be playing a role. So to step back from that, so for some patients, I might just want to decrease glucose and insulin levels. And I can do that by getting rid of sweets. For other patients, like patients with schizoaffective disorder or schizophrenia or bipolar disorder, especially if it's chronic, if I'm using it as a brain treatment, then I do want a ketogenic diet. And I usually want reasonably high levels of blood ketones. Usually, for depression, I want to see at least greater than probably 0.8 minimal. For psychotic disorders and bipolar disorder, I usually want to see levels greater than 1.5. That's what I'm shooting for, if at all possible. So yeah, I think that's what I'd go for. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Yeah, so-- and sorry, I didn't mean to imply that people need to be in ketosis in order to see some mental health benefits from changing their diet. You make very clear in your book-- and we'll go into this in more detail-- that avoiding insulin resistance, reversing insulin resistance, and essentially trying to reverse what earlier you described as this metabolic syndrome, which is a bunch of different things, is the target. And for some people, getting rid of highly processed foods and focusing mainly on nonprocessed or minimally will really help. For others, going straight to the full-blown ketogenic diet will be of most benefit. I'd like to back up a little bit in history and get to something which I find incredibly interesting, which is epilepsy and the longstanding use of ketogenic diet and fasting to treat epilepsy. And the reason I want to kind of rewind to that point in history is that, I think that for a lot of listeners and people out there who are familiar with how changing your diet or changing your exercise can positively impact sleep and weight and all these things, and it cascades into feeling better-- that makes perfect sense. But for a lot of the world still, the idea that changing or using nutrition as a dissection tool or as a treatment tool to understand and treat mental illness, is still a kind of heretical idea, that to them, it kind of falls in the, OK, well, that's like a woo science or something like that. Now, obviously you're a board-certified physician or psychiatrist at arguably one of the finest medical schools in the world, Harvard Medical School. Even though I'm on the Stanford side, we acknowledge-- we acknowledge our East Coast-- You're the Harvard-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --friends. CHRIS PALMER: --of the West Coast. ANDREW HUBERMAN: We're not going to talk-- OK. CHRIS PALMER: [LAUGHS] CHRIS PALMER: Or we're the Stanford of the East Coast. ANDREW HUBERMAN: That argument could go back and forth a number of times. You're a serious clinician and a serious scientist. And you're a serious thinker. people out there, the notion of using diet, they immediately think, ah, well, that makes perfect sense. Or I think there's a category of people who think, well, yeah, didn't Atkins die of a heart attack? I hear that a lot. That was crazy. People immediately discard the Atkins diet for that reason, which I do think is throwing the baby out with the bathwater. But it's an interesting thing nonetheless. And then I think that the majority of people sit in the middle and just want to see science and medicine come up with treatments that work. And I have to say, I'm very relieved to hear what you said earlier, which was-- you never said that people should come off their medication and just become-- go on a ketogenic diet and everything will be cured. You're certainly not saying that. And rather you're saying, if I understand correctly, that nutrition needs to be considered one of the major tools in the landscape of effective tools and that it can be very effective, evidenced by the story that you shared. And there are many other stories in there as well of truly miraculous transformations. So let's talk about epilepsy and how the ketogenic diet is not just used for epilepsy but is one of the oldest, if not the oldest, examples of the use of nutrition to treat a condition of the nervous system that can be incredibly debilitating, even deadly. And the reality is that this literature, and this clinical history, and all of the research we have was the godsend that I needed to do the work that I'm doing. Otherwise, I would have been discredited on day one. Chris Palmer is claiming that a dietary change can influence schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. That's impossible. And he's a quack. But the thing that immediately got me credibility was I didn't focus on it as a diet. I did a deep dive into the epilepsy literature. So the ketogenic diet, unbeknownst to most people, was actually developed a hundred years ago, 1921, by a physician for one and only one purpose-- to treat epilepsy. It wasn't developed as a weight loss diet. It wasn't developed as the diet that all human beings should follow. And the reason it was developed is because of this longstanding observation, since the time of Hippocrates, that fasting can stop seizures. Now, fasting is not a healthy diet. Fasting is the process of no diet. So we now understand a tremendous amount of science. Most people think going without food is bad. And they equate it with starvation. But in fact, when we go without food, it causes tremendous shifts in metabolism-- both brain and body metabolism. And it puts the body into a mode of autophagy, and conservation of resources, and all sorts of things that are beneficial to human health. And this is why fasting has been used as a therapeutic intervention in almost every culture, in almost every religion for a millennia. But for the most part, that was all thought to be religious folklore. That was just crazy talk. And those stupid people way back then thought God cured everything. And so they fasted. And they just assumed that they were getting better. Well, in 1921, one physician used intermittent fasting on a child with seizures and found that, oh, Lo and behold, this religious folklore stuff has something to it. It actually worked. The problem with fasting is that you can only fast for so long before you starve to death. And that's not a very effective treatment. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And this child was ingesting water, correct? ANDREW HUBERMAN: It was just food elimination fasting. CHRIS PALMER: Food elimination. no special diet. But the problem with fasting for epilepsy is that as soon as people start eating a normal diet again, their seizures usually come right back-- oftentimes, with a vengeance. And so it can be a good short-term intervention. The fasting can take a few days because it can take a few days to get ketosis. And then you can get some relief from chronic seizures. But it's not a good long-term treatment because, again, people will starve to death. As soon as they start eating, seizures come back. So it was actually Dr. Russell Wilder at the Mayo Clinic who developed the ketogenic diet with one and only one purpose. He wanted to see, can we mimic the fasting state, using this special diet, to see if it might stop seizures long-term? And lo and behold, it worked. Early results were extraordinarily positive. 50% of patients who use the ketogenic diet became seizure-free. And another 35% had a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency, so about 85% efficacy rate. Sorry to interrupt. I didn't mean to do that there. Was it just for pediatric epilepsy or for adult epilepsy as well? back in the 1920s, we didn't have many anti-epilepsy treatments. And a lot of adults were struggling as well. So they were using it on anybody who would do the diet. By the 1950s, pharmaceuticals were coming out. And we had many more anticonvulsant treatments. And there's no question, they work for a lot of people. That's great. And taking a pill is so much easier than doing this diet. So the diet pretty much fell out of favor. And nobody was using it from the 1950s to about the '70s. But lo and behold, even to this day, people with epilepsy, about 30% don't respond to the current treatments that we have available. 30% will have treatment resistant epilepsy, which means they continue to have seizures no matter how many anticonvulsants they're taking, even if they've had brain surgery. It just doesn't stop their seizures. And so in the 1970s, the ketogenic diet was resurrected at Johns Hopkins for these treatment-resistant cases. And lo and behold, it works-- not for all of them, but it works in-- about 1/3 become seizure-free. And these are people who've tried everything and nothing's working. So 1/3 become seizure-free. Another third get a clinical benefit, meaning a 50% or greater reduction in their seizure frequency. And the other third, it doesn't seem to work. It's not always clear if that's because of noncompliance or if that's because the diet's just not working. But about a third, a third, a third-- seizure freedom, reduction in seizures, or it just doesn't work. And so the reality, the godsend for me is that we have decades of neuroscience research on the ketogenic diet and what it is doing to the brain. We know that the ketogenic diet is influencing neurotransmitter levels-- in particular, glutamate, GABA, adenosine. It changes calcium channel regulation and calcium levels, which is really important in the function of cells. It changes gene expression. It reduces brain inflammation. It changes the gut microbiome. Gut microbiome is a huge topic right now. And there are some researchers who argue that is the primary benefit of the ketogenic diet-- it's changing the gut microbiome in beneficial ways. So it's doing a lot of things. It obviously improves insulin resistance. It lowers glucose levels, lowers insulin levels, which improves insulin signaling. The key for my research that I've outlined, the real magic, is that this diet stimulates two processes that relate to mitochondria. It stimulates a process called mitophagy, which is getting rid of old and defective mitochondria, and replacing them with new ones. And it also stimulates a process called mitochondrial biogenesis, which means that after people have done the ketogenic diet for a while-- months or years-- many of their cells in their bodies and brains will have more mitochondria. And those mitochondria will be healthier. And I believe that is the reason the ketogenic diet is such a powerful treatment not only for epilepsy but also for people with chronic ANDREW HUBERMAN: Would you mind listing off a few of the mental disorders? And I know this is not meant to be inside ball, but we should distinguish between psychiatric disorders and neurological symptoms and diseases. The fields of psychiatry and neurology hopefully someday will just emerge. But for instance, typically if somebody is presenting with something that looks like Alzheimer's, dementia, they'll talk to a neurologist. Whereas, if somebody is presenting with symptoms, like schizophrenia, bipolar, they'll talk to a psychiatrist. But if you wouldn't mind wearing a dual hat, could you just quickly list off some of the neurologic and psychiatric disorders for which ketogenic-- or let's just say-- nutrition changes have been shown to improve symptoms significantly. And then maybe we can dive into a couple of these as well as get more deeply into these two very interesting aspects of mitochondrial function and repair and turnover. In terms of nutritional psychiatry, it's a broad field. And it's in its infancy, is the real answer. If you're looking for randomized controlled trials documenting efficacy in large numbers of patients with these disorders, we don't have them. They're underway now. But we don't have them yet. What we do have are case studies. We have a lot of mechanistic science papers by some of the leading neuroscientists and psychiatrists in the world-- and neurologists in the world kind of outlining, this is everything we know that the ketogenic diet is doing. These are the problems in the brains of people with these chronic mental or neurological disorders. So we know that they should work. But the disorders range from chronic depression to-- we've got a trial underway for PTSD. We've got one actually decent pilot trial from the National Institutes of Health for the ketogenic diet for alcohol use disorder, of all things. And we can go into that a little more. We've got a couple of pilot trials of the ketogenic diet for Alzheimer's disease. And those are randomized controlled trials. We've got case studies of the ketogenic diet for chronic depression, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia. The largest study that we've got in that mental health sphere is a pilot study of 31 patients admitted to a French hospital. 28 of those patients were able to do the diet and stay on the diet. So 10%, off the bat, noncompliant, couldn't do the diet. So we need to include that. But of the 28 patients who were able to do-- and these are 28 patients with treatment-resistant mental disorders, chronic depression, bipolar, and schizophrenia. Of the patients who were able to do the ketogenic diet, 100% had at least some improvement in symptoms. 46% had remission of illness. Remission of illness, that does not happen with current treatments. And 64%, I think, were discharged on less medicine than they went into the hospital on. So it wasn't that the people were prescribing more medicine and that's why. They were being discharged on less medication. We've got at least-- again, a lot of the hard core scientists are going to say, show us the randomized controlled trial with hundreds of patients. And we've got five randomized controlled trials underway now, funded primarily through philanthropy. I can tell you that-- we've talked about that one index patient. But at this point, I have now treated dozens of patients. And I've heard from hundreds of patients who've been treated by other clinicians, researchers-- or I've just heard from patients from around the world-- who have shared stories of complete remission of long, chronic mental disorders-- like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia-- off of psychiatric meds. Some of them-- not all of them, but some of them are able to get off all psychiatric meds and remain in remission. Again, I think I didn't say this before. But it's really important to mention. For people who might be unfamiliar with the mental health field and its connection with epilepsy, the reason that it's such an important connection is that we use epilepsy treatments in psychiatric patients every day in tens of millions of people. So a lot of people don't know this, but I'll list off some names that a lot of your listeners may have heard of. And they probably know them as psychiatric drugs. But in fact, these are epilepsy drugs. Depakote, Tegretol, Lamictal, Topamax, Neurontin or gabapentin, Valium, Klonopin, Xanax-- those are all medications that stop seizures. And many of them were developed initially for seizures. But we, in the mental health field, quickly steal them and start using them in tens of millions of people, even if they're off label. So that means, we don't have research studies documenting that they're effective. But we go ahead and use them anyway because the reality is far too many patients aren't getting better with the FDA-approved treatments that we do have to offer. So psychiatrists are just winging it in some cases. And we're just throwing whatever we can at them and we absolutely include epilepsy treatments. So in many ways, using as a treatment for serious mental disorders, is nothing new at all. It's an established evidence-based treatment for epilepsy. We use evidence-based treatments for epilepsy across the board for a wide range of mental disorders. And so in many ways, that's all I'm doing with the ketogenic diet. It just happens to be a diet. [CHUCKLES] ANDREW HUBERMAN: I love it. I love it. And I should say, I love it because we had a guest on here early days of the podcast. He's a colleague of mine at Stanford. He's a bioengineer, and a psychiatrist, phenomenal scientist and psychiatrist, called Deisseroth, who won the Lasker prize, and so on and so forth. And he made a really important point, which should have been obvious to me but wasn't until he said it, which was the psychiatrist has tools, just like the surgeon has tools. But the tools are language and observing behavior. Those are the dissection tools for what's going on in someone's brain. And then as a neuroscientist, I'm familiar with the neurotransmitters and neuromodulators. And you mentioned that-- and there are these tools of altering brain chemistry, which are of the sorts of drugs you just listed off, or antidepressants, or antipsychotics, that fall into these major bins of adjusting dopamine or adjusting serotonin or some combination of dopamine, serotonin epinephrine, adenosine, and on, and on, and on. And it seems to me, it's an incredible field. But that the field is still very much in its infancy that it wasn't about a hundred years ago that people were measuring bumps on the head as a way to diagnose phrenology, and that there's still so much to learn. And so when I hear you say, adjusting nutrition or putting people into a ketogenic state or even just eliminating highly processed foods, sugars, et cetera, taking care of and then observing tremendous relief in clinical syndromes of-- or symptoms, rather, of psychiatric disorders, it makes perfect sense to me. It's yet another dissection tool. And a tool for altering brain chemistry. If I think about the landscape, the sort of sociology out there of-- again, there seem to be these bins, like a third of people saying, of course, diet, and exercise, and social connection, and limiting stress, that's the good stuff. That's the stuff that we really works. And then about a third of people are sort of unclear. And then a third of people think, well, if it's not a prescription drug, then it just has no place in medicine. And hopefully, that's changing. And certainly, the work that you're doing is going to be important in that transition that I think we will see. I'd like to talk about mitophagy and mitochondrial biogenesis. I think most people learn that the mitochondria are the energy factories of cells and that indeed, they are. As a neuroscientist, what I know about them is that they are present everywhere in neurons. Not just in the so-called cell body, but you can find mitochondria in the furthest little bits of neurons. And neurons can be quite big, very large. In fact, meters long or more in some cases and some species, including us. Depending on how tall somebody is, could be many meters-- or several meters rather. And that mitochondria do a lot of stuff besides just produce energy, because I think people hear "mitochondria," "energy," and they think, oh, so these patients felt better. They lost weight. They had more energy. And then they're doing better. But here we're talking about remission of auditory hallucinations, people feeling suicidal and then changing their diet and feeling like life is something they can deal with, and maybe even function extremely well, and et cetera. So maybe we could just talk about mitochondria for a moment. And then talk about these two major effects. What are some of the other things that mitochondria are important for in neurons and maybe other cells of the brain? Because as an access point for all this, I think it would be great if people could learn a little mitochondrial biology. CHRIS PALMER: So I guess the first thing that I'll say is that this field is one of the most cutting-edge fields in medicine right now. 20 years ago or so, I think the majority of research scientists thought of mitochondria as nothing more than little batteries. They take food and oxygen and turn it into ATP. And that's really important. Yeah, we get that. But they're just little batteries. That's all they are. And so one of the reasons that this work is so important it's because it combines cutting-edge research in the metabolic field in the aging field. And we can start to pair it with a mental health and neurological health field. So mitochondria-- one scientist gave me this analogy. He said, if you think of the cell as a computer, think of mitochondria as the power cord to that computer because they're providing the power. And they are, in fact, the power cord to that computer. But actually, their real function is the motherboard of that computer. So mitochondria are directing in allocating resources throughout a cell. That is their primary function. And then they happen to be powerhouses as well. And so to give some clear examples, mitochondria play a direct role in the production, and release, and regulation of some really key neurotransmitters, including serotonin, dopamine, glutamate, acetylcholine. Those are pretty powerful neurotransmitters. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Yeah, I would call those-- I would consider those the-- I know you listed more than three. But the sort of primary colors of neurotransmission. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Any one of those in excess or deficiency is going to have profound negative effects on a nervous system. Or it's going to alter the way that people and animals feel, think, move-- --remember, et cetera. CHRIS PALMER: So mitochondria are providing both some of the building blocks, if you will, for some of those molecules that are part of the Krebs, citric acid cycle. Some of the intermediate products actually go into making those neurotransmitters. Much more importantly, mitochondria provide the energy for the production of those neurotransmitters. And fascinatingly, mitochondria are directly related to the release of ATP alone is not enough. There have been some research studies that have actually found that mitochondria move along the membrane of the synapse to release batches of vesicles of neurotransmitters, and that if the mitochondria are removed from the synapse and researchers flood that cell with ATP, neurotransmitters usually are not getting released. Mitochondria are doing other things. We don't entirely even understand what all they're doing or how they're doing it. But they're doing other things than just providing the power. Another really important example is that mitochondria are actually the primary regulators of epigenetics. If you look at any one factor-- so one study actually found that they're responsible for the expression of about 60% of the genes in a cell. And mitochondria do this through a lot of ways that have been known for years and sometimes decades. So mitochondria are directly related to the levels of reactive oxygen species in a cell. They are managing calcium regulation in cells. And we know that those things play a role in epigenetic expression. We know the levels of ATP to ADP or AMP also play a role. And mitochondria are doing those things. But it turns out, mitochondria are actually doing much more sophisticated things than even those in terms of gene expression. Mitochondria at least play a role in all of the aspects of the human stress response. So when humans are stressed, either physically or psychologically, there are several things that happen-- increased cortisol increased adrenaline, noradrenaline, inflammation, and gene expression-- in particular, in the hippocampus-- occur with the stress response. And one group of researchers actually genetically modified in four different ways, and found that all of the stress response, all those four buckets of stress response were impacted in one way or another, implying that mitochondria are somehow playing a role in those. In terms of their role in cortisol, we know that mitochondria actually have the enzyme required for the synthesis of steroid hormones. So that includes cortisol, estrogen, testosterone, and progesterone, some names that maybe everybody's heard of. so that means that if mitochondria are in short supply or dysfunctional, the production of those hormones may become dysregulated. Mitochondria play a direct role in inflammation. And they turn the inflammatory system both on-- or they at least play a role in turning the inflammatory system both on and off. I'm not going to be able to quote the exact study and author. But one paper in cell actually identified mitochondria as the key regulator in turning certain inflammatory cells off, and that when you inhibit mitochondrial function, those cells don't turn off, that mitochondrial levels of reactive oxygen species are a key signaling process to turn the inflammatory cell process off. Another study found that macrophages-- so macrophages are an important immune cell that play a role in healing. So if you cut yourself, your body will get-- send inflammation that way and send immune cells that way to try to heal your skin. And macrophages play an important role in that healing. One group of researchers tried to figure out how do macrophages know to switch between the different phases of wound healing because the macrophages do different things in the different phases of wound healing. And the conclusion of all of their research was that it's mitochondria. Mitochondria are sending the essential signals that change the state of the macrophages to induce these different phases of wound healing. So I've just talked about neurotransmitters, hormones, epigenetic expression, inflammation. For anybody familiar with the mental health field, they know these are some of the key variables that researchers have been struggling with for decades, trying to figure out how do these fit together. We know that all of those buckets can be disrupted in people with mental disorders. And our field has struggled to understand, but how do they fit together? How can we make sense of this disruption? And I believe once you understand the science of mitochondria, you can actually connect all of the dots of the mental illness puzzle. ANDREW HUBERMAN: I'd like to take a brief break and thank our sponsor, InsideTracker. InsideTracker is a personalized nutrition platform that analyzes data from your blood and DNA to help you better understand your body and help you reach your health goals. I've long been a believer in getting regular blood work done for the simple reason that many of the factors that impact your immediate and long-term health can only be analyzed from a quality blood test. The problem with a lot of blood and DNA tests out there, however, is that you get data back about metabolic factors, lipids, and hormones, and so forth. But you don't know what to do with those data. InsideTracker solves that problem and makes it very easy for you to understand what sorts of nutritional, behavioral, maybe even supplementation-based interventions you might want to take on in order to adjust the numbers of those metabolic factors, hormones, lipids, and other things that impact long-term health to bring those numbers into the ranges that are appropriate and indeed optimal for you. try InsideTracker, you can visit insidetracker.com/huberman to get $200 off an ultimate plan or 34% off the entire site as a special Black Friday deal now through the end of November. and use the code Huberman at checkout. Super interesting little subcellular goodies, these mitochondria are. I come from a field where people are often divided into lumpers and splitters. And I'm somewhere in between. For those of you who don't know, lumpers are people that like to make things really simple-- lists of no more than three functions or dividing brain areas into no more than three. Splitters are people that like to subdivide into a ton of detail. There's a history of scientists being splitters in order to be able to name things after themselves because-- There's more territory to go around if you're splitting than if you're lumping. But we are doing neither here. What I'm hearing is that mitochondria, in addition to being important sources of energy production and output in cells-- which, of course, they are-- probably have other roles. Maybe someday, what we call mitochondria will actually be two or three different little subcellular or organelles. There may be little bits in there that are controlling gene expression and little bits in there that are controlling neurotransmitter production. But at least for now, the name is mitochondria. And thank you, by the way, for illustrating some of the other things that they do because in the landscape of science education, oftentimes, people will think, OK, energy production. There'll be a picture or a cartoon of mitochondria flexing its muscles. People go, OK, energy, mitochondria, mighty mitochondria. And then they'll think, oh, they're just sort of like a dumb jock portion of the cell. They're not doing anything sophisticated. And everything you listed off is that they are doing many sophisticated intricate things within cells. So I think how things are cartooned and discussed actually has an impact-- and not just on the general public, but on the medical field and on the science fields. Anyway, that's more science sociology. But now that everyone is well aware that mitochondria are doing a large number of very important things in a very regulated way, let's talk about mitophagy. A few years ago, because a Nobel Prize was given for autophagy-- sometimes called autophagy. Look, people, you can say it either way. People will know hopefully what it means is more important, which is the gobbling up of one's own cells that are dead or injured. And this idea of autophagy, of cells being eaten up within a system-- nervous system or other system-- has come up again and again. I actually wasn't aware that mitophagy could be such an important lever. So tell us about mitophagy, which I have to presume is the, intentional or not, gobbling up of mitochondria, presumably to replace them with newer healthier mitochondria. CHRIS PALMER: It is. So in many ways, mitophagy is a subset of autophagy. But it's got its own name because it is specific to mitochondria. There do appear to be some unique regulators of mitophagy compared to autophagy more broadly. Mitochondria actually are playing a role in autophagy itself. And this makes sense because one of-- so the global picture of autophagy is stimulated by fasting states or fasting-mimicking states. So when your body senses that you don't have enough food, it actually hunkers down and starts to recycle dead old parts in this kind of carefully orchestrated way. And it takes them to lysosomes. They get degraded. And then those degradation products get used for either energy or to build new things. Autophagy is always occurring at a low level. But you can really hyperstimulate the process through fasting, calorie restriction, fasting-mimicking diets, other things. And this is why fasting and calorie restriction is so kind of such hot topics in the medical field now. It's because they've been shown to induce longevity. And we think it's probably through that process that you're stimulating the body to kind of become lean and conservative in terms of its allocation of resources. And the body doesn't just destroy the healthiest tissue along with the old dead stuff. It has these processes that identify the old and defective parts first. And they go first. And that's what's beautiful about the whole thing. And that's why fasting is so important. So mitophagy we know plays a really important role because-- so there's this term called mitochondrial dysfunction, which some researchers are actually wanting to get rid of and move away from because, as you just said, mitochondria do so many different things. And different mitochondria even within the same cell may very well be specializing in different tasks. And mitochondria from one cell to another are sometimes doing very different things, like not all mitochondria can produce cortisol. That's specific to specific cells where those genes are getting turned on. So it's not like all mitochondria are producing cortisol. Just the ones in your adrenal gland, for instance, But there is this term "mitochondrial dysfunction." And it has long been known, for decades, that mitochondrial dysfunction is associated with everything that ails us essentially. So in the 1950s, we had a theory of aging that was based on reactive oxygen species. And that's where all the inflammation is bad for you comes from. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And where all the noise about antioxidants-- Like in the '90s, it was like, it contains antioxidants. Not to say antioxidants are bad, but they are certainly not the be-all-end-all of health. CHRIS PALMER: They are not. But that's exactly where that research came from, is that researchers were narrowing in on these reactive oxygen species are highly, highly correlated with all of the diseases of aging and poor health outcomes. It turns out, they're also highly, highly correlated with all chronic mental disorders interestingly. So researchers used the antioxidants to see if, well, maybe if we can stop, somehow tame these reactive oxygen species, we'll improve health outcomes. Doesn't seem to work. By the 1970s, our understanding of mitochondria and their role in the production expanded. And that led to the mitochondrial theory of aging. So in the 1970s, we had this mitochondrial theory of aging, based primarily and exclusively on reactive oxygen species. Fast forward a couple of decades, that was disproven because we now reactive oxygen species aren't all bad. They actually serve a signaling process. They're a normal part of human functioning and cellular function. So they're not all bad. But we still know high levels are bad for you. Fast forward to just, I think, maybe last year, with this expanded role of all of the different things mitochondria are doing. So David Sinclair published a paper in one of the cell journals, I think, saying that, oh, the unifying link of everything that we know about aging. Mitochondria are the cause-- or defective mitochondria or defective mitochondrial function, mitochondrial dysfunction, is possibly the unifying cause of aging and all of the aging related disorders. So mitophagy is trying to address all that. It's trying to say, OK, this is bad. We don't want defective mitochondria and how can we get rid of old ones or defective ones and replace them with new ones. And I think the most powerful signal and tool that we have right now is, in fact, related to diet. It's calorie restriction. That is the oldest, truest, kind of best-proven way to prevent aging in a wide variety of animal species-- fasting and intermittent fasting. And again, you can only do those things for so long. And then fasting-mimicking diets can also stimulate this process of mitophagy. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Before we talk about mitochondrial biogenesis, if-- and I certainly accept the idea that mitochondria are extremely important in physical health and mental health. That's, for me, is a straightforward conclusion at this point, based on what you've said, whatever and elsewhere, et cetera. And if various diets, including ketogenic diet, including fasting, reducing sugar intake, et cetera, can assist in mitochondrial function and mitophagy-- and that's at least one of the levers by which diet can positively impact mental health and physical health, can we conclude that there's something special about low blood glucose in the brain? The sort of common pathway of all of those things-- fasting, ketogenesis-- for some people, maybe they-- maybe some people have great insulin management, so just removing sweets, refined sugars, brings down their blood glucose level substantially. They don't need to go on a ketogenic diet in order to relieve a low level depression or something like that. Seems like the common theme here is that glucose levels in the brain need to be reduced, which for me, is surprising because neurons love glucose. There are some really nice studies. One that I can think of recently that was published in Neuron, if you just look at the tuning of a neuron, how well a neuron in the brain represents some visual image in the environment in terms-- here, we can just generalize and say, more action potentials, more electrical signals from the neuron generally correlates with better high fidelity representation. It's sort of if everyone's time someone says, shout, and then someone shouts, the neuron is the one responding to the order. And these neurons just, when there's high glucose, they are faithful representatives of what's out there in the world. But then when you fast an animal, they become less faithful representatives of what's out there. And yet when I've done intermittent fasting, and I do a kind of modified version of it, my mental clarity is far better than when I've had a big bowl of pasta-- probably for other reasons related to serotonin and tryptophan. So I think for the typical listener out there, I have to imagine, it's got to be a little confusing. We hear neurons love glucose. They live on glucose. And here, we're saying, let's deprive them of some glucose. Or let's just bring glucose levels down. Or let's switch the fuel source of the brain from glucose to ketones. And now the brain really works the way it's supposed to. So this raises a little bit of just so story question, like why would it be the case that neurons love glucose, and yet if there's too much glucose around, they become sick? And of course, with any why-would-it-be story, as I would say, I wasn't consulted at the design phase. And I'm going to presume that you weren't consulted the design-- CHRIS PALMER: I was not. ANDREW HUBERMAN: --phase either. And that if any of us say that we are, then we are probably the patients that need evaluation. So I think there's a name for that. There's delusion-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --right? I threw out my first correct clinical assessment of myself. So how do I get my head around this? You've got me sold on mitochondria-- not that I needed to be sold. But that's an easy yes, yes, absolutely, yes. The idea that diet can impact mental health and physical health-- yes, absolutely-- by way of mitochondria-- at least in part, great. But then neurons love glucose. So what's going on? Or what do you think is going on? CHRIS PALMER: I am not convinced that glucose is the real story. Glucose may, in fact, be a symptom. We know that parts of the brain-- there have been a couple of studies that just came out in the last couple of weeks, I think, documenting that actually astrocytes in the hypothalamus play a key role in glucose regulation throughout the body. And it appears to be a metabolic role, which in my mind, implies that the mitochondria in those astrocytes are probably playing a key role because we know mitochondria play a key role in sensing glucose levels. They play a key role in the release of insulin from the pancreas. But mitochondria in the brain is also playing a role in kind of balancing how much glucose is around. And so it's a difficult question because I think in some cases, high glucose levels are actually a symptom of metabolic dysfunction somewhere in the body or brain. And when I think about, well, what does that mean? In my mind, most of the evidence currently is pointing to mitochondrial dysfunction That is the most likely cause of that dysregulation of glucose levels. But we know that if you consume massive amounts of junk food, sugar, and other things, that you can get dysregulation The conundrum, though, is that that's not a universal response. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And what about the typical person? I've never really liked junk food that much. Maybe as a kid, I can recall liking candy. But I was a sandwich for lunch person for a long time. And as I've changed that out for salad and maybe a small piece of meat with my salad or something like that, I feel far better during the day, far more alert. But I do eat carbohydrates. I eat starches typically at night. But I tend to do some very hard training at some point during the day. So I imagine I have some glycogen to repack. That's me. I only mentioned that because I'm not in ketosis as far as I know. I haven't-- unless you brought the strips, I haven't done the blood glucose test today. So what about the typical person who's an omnivore eating some rice, some pasta, pasta salads, people that are eating not junk food massive amounts of sugar but have blood glucose that's in kind of moderate range? Do you think-- and here, feel free to speculate. Do you think that those people might feel far better-- or even a little bit better-- if they were in a lower glucose state? And I ask this because I think there are a lot of people out there who suffer from full-blown depression. But there are also who suffer from moodiness and feeling not so great, subclinical depression. CHRIS PALMER: Yes, burnout is what I would call it. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Yeah, or just feeling some days are great, and then other days, they feel lousy for reasons they don't understand. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And those make for less dramatic case studies. And yet I have to assume that that description will net a large fraction of the general public. CHRIS PALMER: So the way that I kind of break this field-- and I'm probably getting too nerdy right now. But I kind of break this field into cause-- what's the actual root cause-- and what are effective treatments. And I really see them as two separate things. Just because the ketogenic diet is an effective treatment, does not imply that the cause of the problem was eating carbohydrates. And I think that's a really important distinction. There are many people who disagree with me on that. There's no doubt about it. And everybody's heard people say, sugar is the cause of everything that ails you. Or carbs are the cause of If everybody does a low carb diet or a ketogenic diet-- and then they go to, so it must be sugar that was the cause. I don't see it as clearly black and white as that. Calorie restriction, ketogenic diet, carbohydrate restriction are inducing metabolic changes in the brain and body. And regardless of what the person was eating, they are inducing metabolic changes that can be really beneficial to brain health. So let me just give a clear black and white example of this. And then I can speak to the broader topic that you brought up about just the general population. The easy example of being an effective intervention for somebody who was not following a bad diet is an infant with epilepsy. There are lots of infants who have uncontrollable seizures. They are drinking breast milk. To the best of our knowledge, that is the primary, most beneficial food source an infant could be consuming. Now, some might say, well, maybe the mother is-- whatever, I don't buy that. The mother's breast milk is, in fact, the optimal food source for that infant. And yet that infant is still seizing. If we put that infant on a ketogenic diet, a lot of those infants seizures will stop. It doesn't mean that the cause of the infant seizures was a bad diet. But it means that dietary intervention can change brain metabolism and improve symptoms in that person. So going to your broader question about adults, modern-day, the real answer is-- there was just this conference in London, the Royal College of obesity medicine That's not the name. But it's something along those lines. The conclusion of that conference that invited the greatest minds in obesity medicine, the overarching conclusion of that conference was we don't know what causes obesity. It's really important that we sit with that. We don't know what causes obesity. They don't think excess caloric intake beyond one's daily metabolic needs is causing obesity? CHRIS PALMER: Some will argue that. And so some will say yes, it's all energy balance. But why do we have an epidemic of obesity? ANDREW HUBERMAN: Oh. Well, that's the N-gazillion dollar question. Some will say, it's all the junk food. But we had junk food in the 1970s. When I was growing up, I grew up on Kool-Aid, and Twinkies, and King Dons, and HoHos, and-- [LAUGHS] ANDREW HUBERMAN: I'm rewatching the Mad Men series now. I love that series, and I'm rewatching it. And I happen to know someone who worked on that series. They researched everything for the props, and the costumes, everything, right down to diet. And if you look at the diet, it was terrible. It was mostly-- yes, there was a lot of excessive amounts of drinking and cigarette smoking. But the diets were terrible. It was pre-packaged foods. It was frozen dinners. That really came to prominence in the '70s and '80s. But even in the '50s and, from what I've been reading, even in the '30s and '40s, people were not eating grass-fed meat and Brazil nuts with a little bit of broccoli rabe on the side. That's not the typical intake. So something out there-- or maybe multiple things-- are at play to increase obesity. CHRIS PALMER: And at the end of the day, I believe-- some will call this speculative. But I actually think we've got a tremendous amount of evidence that continues to point in this direction. I believe that mitochondria are the key to the obesity epidemic, that there is something in our environment. So that is either our food, environmental toxins, stress levels, poor sleep, not getting adequate sunlight, whatever you want to speculate on, all of the above, all of those things are known to impair mitochondrial function. And if parts of your brain that regulate metabolism and that regulate eating behaviors are not metabolically healthy, it means that they will not stop you from eating. Or it means that your metabolism will not rise to the challenge of 10 donuts, because some people can eat 10 donuts and go on staying thin and healthy. I totally agree. Although, I would just like to say that it seems to me that compared to when I was growing up-- and again, I haven't run the statistics-- there are fewer and fewer of those individuals around now. Just as when I was growing up, it was one or two kids in class that were quite overweight. And then there were some that were mildly overweight. But most were of healthy weight. Nowadays, that's dramatically altered. The landscape is dramatically altered in the other direction. It is rare when I encounter one of those can-eat-anything type people. I know one, he's actually an employee at Stanford. He's in our media team at Stanford. And this guy, when I take him to lunch, it's like-- he's in his early 70s, and he can eat. And he's incredibly lean. He exercises a little bit. But he's one of these mutants that just can eat, and eat, and eat, and he's lean and he's vital, and he's-- it's wild. And he's an expensive lunch. ANDREW HUBERMAN: But those people are seem rare. And even those kids are now seem rare. CHRIS PALMER: They're getting increasingly rare. And that leads me to think it may be epigenetic factors in the womb environment, so that kids are actually coming out predisposed to obesity. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Well, let me ask you about that because I had a note here to ask this later. But I'm going to interrupt you now in order to capture this moment. My understanding is that-- well, as everyone knows, we inherit DNA. We get genes from both of our parents. And they mix. Although there are incredible data from Catherine Dulac's lab at Harvard and others showing that we actually have entire regions of our brain that carry neurons that are of purely of mom's or of dad's DNA, depending on the brain region. This is a wild finding. But it's accurate. And this has actually been known about in terms of heritability of disease, et cetera. Maternal DNA, DNA from mom, genes from our mother-- not to place blame on mothers at all. My understanding is that the mitochondrial DNA come exclusively through the maternal side. Is that true? CHRIS PALMER: So it's a great question. And I've been asked this before. And yeah, psychiatrists are known for blaming mothers. And some might say that I'm trying to redo that whole thing and blame mothers again. data are the data. I'm not trying to blame mothers here. Mothers play an essential role in everything. But if it is true that mitochondria are the linchpin of all this and maternal DNA is what determines the mitochondrial DNA, I think it's an important place to look. CHRIS PALMER: It's an important question. And the answer is unequivocally no. That's not the way it works. then vindication for anyone that was asserting that. CHRIS PALMER: And so let me explain it. So mitochondria have 36 genes unto themselves. 13 of those genes code for some of the mitochondrial machinery of making ATP. And the other 36 play roles in epigenetic regulation, play roles in whole body metabolism, and other things. So that is what you're inheriting from your mom. It's the mitochondria and those 36 genes for the most part. But the majority of proteins that make up mitochondria, over, I think, 1,300 genes that make up mitochondria are actually encoded in the nuclear DNA. And so you inherit a copy from both your mother and your father. So the majority of people who have mitochondrial defects or rare mitochondrial diseases actually could inherit them from either mom or dad because it can be a defect in the nuclear genes that code for proteins that make up mitochondria. The much bigger issue when-- so when I talk about being a primary driver of mental illness, metabolic illness, it's not that people inherit a defective mitochondrion or mitochondria from mom, and then that just ruins their life forever. That's actually not the way it works. The beautiful thing about this theory is that it connects all of the risk factors that we already know play a role in mental health but also metabolic health. Sleep disruption impairs mitochondria and mitochondrial function. Stress, high levels of stress and trauma, impair mitochondrial function. Drug and alcohol use, alcohol, tobacco definitely-- in terms of the smoke-- and marijuana-- THC, in particular-- all impair ANDREW HUBERMAN: THC directly or the smoke? CHRIS PALMER: THC directly. Those studies have been done. So mitochondria actually have CB1 receptors right on them. And various researchers, a couple of studies from Nature actually documented this, that the mitochondrial CB1 receptors are primary-- kind of primary points of the influence of marijuana on human behaviors and effects. Because when they remove CB1 receptors in animal models, these changes don't happen. So the CB1 receptors-- we've got some large studies of adolescents who use a lot of marijuana. And the areas where the mitochondria have the greatest number of CB1 receptors are areas of their brains that actually are atrophied or shrunk compared to normal healthy controls. So that means their brain tissue is aging prematurely. It's shrinking prematurely. But the CB1 receptors on mitochondria also seem to play a role in the memory impairment that can be induced from THC. And they also play a role in the kind of lack of motivation, the behavioral amotivational state from THC. Now, again, for people who want to chillax, that's what they're looking for. They don't want to remember anything. They don't want to think. They want to be spaced out. They want to relax. But it's important that they know that they're actually harming the mitochondria in their brain cells. And that although there's always an opportunity to repair mitochondria and always an opportunity to stimulate mitochondrial biogenesis, so you can get it back, but if you keep doing it chronically, you're probably not helping your overall mental or metabolic health. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Yeah, I'm glad you brought up THC. We did an episode on cannabis. We also did one on alcohol-- probably lost some friends from that one. When you look at the data, it's very clear. I'm not arguing that people dislike the effects of these compounds when they take them. But it is clear that, at least to me, based on the data that regardless of what people have read about red wine, that not drinking any alcohol is going to be healthier than drinking alcohol, and that the thresholds for alcohol ingestion before people start to negatively impact their health is about one or two per week. And then THC, because of the very high concentrations of THC that are present in a lot of products now-- vaping and smoking THC and even edibles-- that it can be problematic. You mentioned adolescents that predisposition, and brain atrophy, psychosis, et cetera. In any case, because you mentioned alcohol because it is a commonly used substance, I heard you give a talk in which-- I think I have this right-- in which alcohol can disrupt the way that the brain uses fuels of all kinds, which may disrupt one's response to alcohol, make alcohol seem more rewarding to those that drink alcohol. So drinking alcohol makes alcohol more rewarding to the brains of alcohol drinkers, but that it also might alter glucose metabolism, that basically alcohol is not good for our brains. Do I have that correct? CHRIS PALMER: You do have that correct. What happens if you take an alcoholic or somebody that just drinks two to four nights a week a couple of drinks, which I think is pretty common out there, and you put them on a ketogenic diet? Has that experiment been done? CHRIS PALMER: That experiment has been done. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Ah. CHRIS PALMER: It led by none other than a woman named Nora Volkow, who is one of the leading neuroscientists and addiction researchers in the world. She is the director of the National Institute of Drug Abuse. She's been hot on the trail of metabolic abnormalities in the brains of people with alcohol use disorder, which I will just refer to as alcoholics because that's what everybody knows it as. So she's been hot on this trail for many, many years. And as you said, it turns out that the reward pathways, in particular, are metabolically compromised in alcoholics. And the metabolic compromise essentially, in a nutshell, means they aren't getting enough fuel from glucose. The interesting thing is that when people drink alcohol, your liver converts alcohol into a molecule called acetate. That acetate travels up to the brain and fuels brain cells, in particular, some of these reward pathway cells more than others. And so chronic alcoholics have this chronic deprivation of energy in these cells. And so Nora Volkow and other researchers at the National Institutes of Health did a study in which they set out to see if we can change this brain metabolic problem in alcoholics. Will that affect clinical symptoms of alcoholism? And will it do anything? It's clinically useful. And so they actually did a pilot randomized controlled trial, admitted alcoholics to a detox unit. Half of the patients got a ketogenic diet. The other half got the standard American diet. And then everybody else, all of them got the same detox protocol. The patients who got required fewer benzodiazepines for their detox. Despite that, they had fewer withdrawal symptoms from the alcohol. They reported fewer cravings for alcohol. And the researchers did brain scans, which showed improved brain metabolism in these key areas that they were looking at. And their brains showed reduced levels of neuroinflammation, which was also something they were really interested in. And so that one study says to us that even though most people would think alcoholism has nothing to do with diet, alcohol is just drinking too much. It's a matter of willpower. Or it's somebody who's addictive. They've got an addictive personality, and it's that simple. You come out of the womb with an addictive personality. And those people are novelty seekers, and they're impulsive. And they have no patience. They have no discipline. They can't sustain any kind of rewarding experience. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Or childhood trauma. There's a-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --story there, which there very well may be. But-- CHRIS PALMER: And there may be. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Yeah. CHRIS PALMER: But what that research study strongly suggests-- and again, yes, maybe we need larger controlled trials. But this is one of the leading neuroscientists in the world who's hot on this trail. This is what she believes. And this is what I believe. It's that if we can correct the brain metabolic defects from chronic alcohol use, we might be able to help people be sober and give them a fighting chance. Or give them an edge up or pull a lever that we can use in their favor, for their benefit. There's one caution to all of this research that I really do want to highlight. And so now, I'm going to get hate mail from all the keto community. ANDREW HUBERMAN: That's OK. I admire you for talking about nutrition at all because anytime one talks about nutrition, you're going to get hate mail from somebody. caveat to all of this is that as part of the research that those researchers were doing, they actually wanted to see what will happen to alcohol levels if an animal consumes alcohol while on a ketogenic diet. So they didn't do this in humans yet. This is a fairly easy study to do. So I'm hoping somebody will do this study soon. But they instead put rats half of them on a standard diet and half of them on a ketogenic diet. And then they exposed them to the exact same amount of alcohol. The rats who were on had a five-fold increase in blood alcohol levels. Five-fold increase. Meaning, they drank more? Or-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: --it was metabolized differently. CHRIS PALMER: It was The rats all got the same amount of alcohol. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So for people out there who are ketogenic, I'm chuckling, but who are not alcoholics-- please, alcoholics, please do something about it because it's so detrimental. But I guess does this mean that they can drink less in order to get the effect of alcohol that most people are seeking? CHRIS PALMER: Cheap dates. Cheap date is what you call that. You only need a half a drink instead of three drinks. ANDREW HUBERMAN: I would think the keto community would thank you for this unless they somehow have a stake in the alcohol industry. CHRIS PALMER: The reason that I put it as a caution is that if anybody is struggling with alcoholism and thinks hey, I need an edge up. I need a lever to pull because I'm really struggling to give this stuff up. I just find myself going back. And if you're telling me my brain metabolism is messed up, and this might help it, I'm all in favor of that. And yes, that's what the researchers are pursuing. And that's what I'm saying with the following caveat-- that if you relapse while you better not drink the same amount of alcohol that you think you can drink. It could be deadly. could be deadly, and/or it could be really-- yeah, deadly to you or someone else because unfortunately, a lot of times when people drink, they get behind the wheel. And they think that they can handle two drinks safely. And they think, well, I can go out for dinner and have two glasses of wine and drive home safely. I know myself. If you go to a ketogenic diet, please don't drive with the same two drinks because it means your blood alcohol level-- if it models anything that we found in the rat study-- your blood alcohol levels may be five times higher than they would normally be. And that means you are really wasted. And you're probably not safe to be driving. Probably the same is true for drinking on an empty stomach, right? CHRIS PALMER: Yup. Now, it's a very important point. And thank you for raising that. I hear this again about mitochondria, about blood glucose, you mentioned astrocytes. And for those of you-- that earlier astrocytes are a non-neuron cell type in the brain, a glial cell type that my postdoc advisor was known for popularizing the modern science of glia, which include astrocytes. And I'd be remiss if I didn't say that they are considered the cells that hold everything together in the brain and are kind of passive observers. But they do many things actively. I think now people appreciate the astrocytes at least as important as the neurons. And certainly, for disease, they are often implicated in warding off Everything that you're telling me about the fact that the brain can regulate things that are happening in the body, metabolism, et cetera, organ health, obesity, et cetera, to me, as a neuroscientist, that's not surprising. All of it just screams hypothalamus, hypothalamus, hypothalamus because here, you're telling me, it's regulating these basal functions like metabolism. It's regulating how much we crave things. And of course, hypothalamus is involved in motivation and craving. There are other areas, too-- other areas of the brain, too, of course. But I would imagine that someone ought to or has mapped out where the receptors for all this business are in the brain. And I guess that raises the question of, when one goes on a ketogenic or low blood glucose diet or fast, has anyone observed changes in the brain? Has anyone had neuroimaging of humans and their brains under conditions of ingesting one diet or another, whether or not they're psychiatric-- suffering from a psychiatric disorder or not? I would think that's where the gold is. CHRIS PALMER: We do have some of those studies. When you do a neuroimaging study, you can measure a lot of different things. So one thing with a PET scan, you can measure glucose metabolism. So a researcher, Stephen Cunnane is doing that research in particular in Alzheimer's disease patients and Alzheimer's disease models but in humans. And that's because we know that-- again, a common finding in patients with Alzheimer's disease is this glucose hypometabolism, some people are attributing it to insulin signaling impairment. And so some people are calling it type III diabetes. At the end of the day, I think the clearest signal that we have is that cells aren't getting enough energy from glucose as a fuel source. That is something that I think I can confidently say that's backed by numerous research studies. There's debate in the research field about whether that's a primary driver of the illness. I happen to believe it is. And if you ask the question, well, why would cells not be getting enough fuel from glucose? You have to focus the ones producing the fuel from that glucose. So you somehow you have to implicate mitochondria in that process one way or another. Others will say, no, that's just a side effect of whatever's causing Alzheimer's disease. So Stephen Cunnane has done studies where he even gives ketone supplements. are liquid ketone esters? CHRIS PALMER: Yeah, ketone esters or ketone salts. And it has actually found that these brain metabolism deficits can be corrected, at least short-term, by giving a ketone supplement. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Is this in the context of people also ingesting some carbohydrate? Because I confess, I've tried the ketogenic diet. I probably did it wrong. This was years ago. And then the cyclic ketogenic diet. But in the last year or so, I've started using liquid ketone esters. And I do eat some carbohydrates each day, usually in proportion to how much high intensity exercise I'm doing. Those liquid ketone esters, for me-- at least subjectively-- I feel greatly increase my energy levels and my ability to focus mentally. And they improve my sleep. This is my observation tracking some data but just, again, subjectively. So in this example, are you talking about people taking ketone esters or ketone salts on a backdrop of a ketogenic diet or on the backdrop of a more typical diet? CHRIS PALMER: So he's done both. So he's done studies where patients aren't doing anything special with the diet. So they're eating whatever they normally eat, absolutely nonketogenic, giving them a ketone salt or ester, and then noticing immediate and direct changes in the metabolism of these metabolically compromised brain cells as measured by PET imaging. ANDREW HUBERMAN: These are not household pets, by the way. Sorry, I have-- we have to just-- P-E-T, positron emission tomography, not pets. Although, I'm sure that there are people out there who have their dogs, or cats, or whatever, or their pet kangaroos, whatever you might own, on ketogenic diet. So he's actually moved further. He's done a pilot trial in a nursing home actually, where he did not put the patients on a ketogenic diet. He simply reduced carbohydrate consumption at breakfast and lunch. They still got the same dinner as everyone else. And simply reducing at breakfast and lunch resulted in cognitive improvement in a statistically significant way in some of those subjects. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Oh, I love that result. I'm sorry, I just have to highlight this. I'm a huge believer in directing carbohydrates to specific portions of the day when one needs to be less focused and alert and yet can replenish glycogen. Limiting carbohydrates most of the time during the day, for me, has been a game changer in terms of maintaining alertness, et cetera. I'm not aware that I have age-related cognitive decline. But then again, I would-- people around me may argue otherwise. CHRIS PALMER: Let me say, you are Andrew Huberman. There is no way you have [LAUGHS] cognitive impairment. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Although you didn't know me as a six-year-old-- CHRIS PALMER: If you have cognitive impairment, we're all screwed. Well, I have plenty of flaws and impairments-- well over 3,000 documented by people very close to me. But this is very interesting, I think, in the context of everything we've been talking about because could it be that supplementing with liquid ketones or prescribing liquid ketones to people who are challenged with mood disorders-- or things of that sort-- could be beneficial, even if they are not willing or able to adhere to a ketogenic diet? CHRIS PALMER: That is the million dollar question right now. And we don't have good trial data to say yes or no. My speculation, my hunch, having tried that clinically with patients, is it It's not the same thing. The bigger reason for my feeling confident in saying that is that we've had ketone salts and esters available for over a decade now. We have tens of thousands of children and adolescents who are following a strict, ridiculously strict, ketogenic diet to control their epilepsy. Those kids would love to be off the ketogenic diet. Their parents would love to have them off the ketogenic diet. ANDREW HUBERMAN: They had no birthday cake, no ice cream. CHRIS PALMER: There is not one case report of any child controlling his or her seizures using exogenous ketones without also doing the ketogenic diet. I just find it hard to believe that at least some of those people haven't tried it out to see. I do know some patients with bipolar disorder and even schizophrenia who are doing extraordinarily well They have tried to switch off the ketogenic diet using exogenous ketones. Their symptoms came back. And so they found that it just wasn't effective. Now, again, those are anecdotes. My scientific speculation about why is because the ketogenic diet is actually not necessarily about ketones themselves. Ketones are one of a multifaceted story there. And so when people do a ketogenic diet, they're also improving-- they're lowering glucose levels. They're improving They're ramping up mitochondrial biogenesis, in particular, in the liver because make ketones. That's where they're made. And they're primarily made in the liver mitochondria. So when somebody is on in a fasting state or on a ketogenic diet, their liver mitochondria go through the roof because they're being called to action. It's like, hey, body's in starvation mode. Get to work. And so the mitochondria-- the cell senses we need more mitochondria to process fat to turn it into ketones so that those ketones can get up to the brain and keep the brain fueled, because fatty acids can't fuel the brain. Only ketones can. Now, so my sense is that-- and the gut microbiome changes and everything, the changes in hormones-- so if you're eating a lot of donuts and drinking a bottle of ketones, the donuts are going to prevent your body from lowering glucose levels. You're still going to have the high glucose levels from the donuts. You're still going to probably have the impaired insulin signaling. You're probably still going to possibly have some inflammation from the inflammatory effects of that food. And so just drinking ketones alone won't be enough. I think for people who are metabolically healthy, I'll include you in that, I think ketones can play a really beneficial role, no doubt. I think exogenous ketones may, in fact, proven valuable in clinical use for patients who maybe can't follow a super strict ketogenic diet but maybe could do a low carb diet. And then given the research that's happening with alcohol use disorder, I could imagine a situation-- here's the million dollar tip to whoever wants to go out and get this, if it actually turns out to be true. I could imagine a scenario where we use exogenous ketones with alcoholics. And that every time they have a severe craving for alcohol, they drink ketones instead. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Which sort of tastes like alcohol. The ketone esters, when I take them, I drink them straight. Sometimes I'll put them in seltzer. And I'm not a big drinker, as I mentioned. I might have an alcoholic drink every once in a while. I just don't ever crave it. I just do it every maybe-- I think 2020 was the last time I had a drink of alcohol. So obviously, I'm not a good representative example. But the ketones taste good to me. And they obviously don't get you drunk. They do seem to flick on my alertness pretty quickly. My understanding is that they are the brain's preferred fuel source. Meaning, they are going to be the first fuels used by the brain when there's a buffet of fuels available. If there's glucose in my bloodstream, there's circulating liquid ketones, the ketones would be used first or preferentially. CHRIS PALMER: I think it's a complex question. Some research that we have suggest that there are brain areas or brain cells that require glucose and cannot use ketones. So 100% of the brain cannot be fueled with ketones as far as we can tell. So there are some areas that require glucose. And that's probably the reason we have gluconeogenesis to keep the body going and keep the brain going no matter what. But when ketones are available, especially if ketones are high, the way I think about it is not that ketones are the preferred fuel source and glucose goes to the wayside. But the way I think about it is that you have a range of cells with varying degrees of metabolic health. And some of those cells are going to be extraordinarily healthy with appropriate healthy abundant mitochondria. And those cells are probably going to continue to use glucose as a fuel source. But if ketones happen to be there, sure, they'll use that, too. Why not? But the real money is metabolically compromised tissues, whether it's brain cells or other tissues that-- we're talking about the brain. So if you've got metabolically compromised brain cells-- because it's not across the board. Like with Alzheimer's brain scans, there are specific regions that are more metabolically compromised than others. And that's why we see patterns of atrophy in specific brain regions. It's because those regions are dysfunctional metabolically for whatever reason. And we can get into why that might be. But my sense is that if you've got a metabolically compromised cell, that cell is sending out a distress signal. That cell is calling resources from the body, like feed me. Give me something. And if it can't use glucose effectively, it is going to suck up those ketones and then start running on all cylinders or closer to it. And that process is so critical because what it means is that if that cell was barely getting by on 60% of its real ATP requirement, it means that it doesn't have enough energy for maintenance and repair functions. As soon as you give that cell a hundred percent energy or close to it, even if you get it up to 90% of its preferred energy amount, it can start to repair itself. That's the beauty of the human body in living organisms, is that they have a priority list of what they're going to do. If that cell senses that there are defective molecules, defective proteins in this cell that need to be replaced, once it gets enough fuel, it will start repairing itself and doing that work. That makes sense. Thank you for that clarification. I'd like to talk about Alzheimer's and age-related cognitive decline generally. I know many people out there are just terrified of losing their memory for the obvious reasons. Memory sets context, et cetera. And many people have relatives that suffer from Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia. I've heard that the ketogenic diet and diets like it can be very effective for helping to offset some of the symptoms of Alzheimer's and age-related cognitive decline. In fact, I even have a friend I won't out by institution, who's the chair of Cardiology, who contacted me, of all people, asking whether or not I was aware of any studies or whether or not I knew of anybody who had benefited from ketogenic diet for Alzheimer's. And I thought, well, why don't you ask one of your colleagues in neurology? But his response was really interesting. He said there are many books out there for the general public. There are a lot of online discussions about this. There are a lot of assertions about this, and some animal studies. Again, these are his words. There are very few, if any, controlled clinical trials exploring the role for the treatment or reversal of Alzheimer's I'm hoping that statement was incorrect or soon will be incorrect-- because those trials are ongoing-- but he said, yeah, the people are most popular for telling us about the important role and positive role of being in ketosis for Alzheimer's, for some reason, they just won't do a clinical trial. And that's been frustrating to the community. So this is a very educated, very accomplished person who's a physician of heart medicine as opposed to something else related to the brain. But what is the story there. And for goodness' sake, why aren't there clinical trials on ketogenic diet and Alzheimer's? I don't expect you to be responsible for that fact. But goodness, I would think this would be the obvious thing for NIH. I'm on study section but not for these sorts of experiments. Why isn't money just avalanching into this area based on all the anecdotal evidence that people are talking about? we've got a couple of small pilot clinical trials. The best one was a randomized controlled trial. I think it only included 26 subjects, something like that, randomized to 12 weeks of a low fat diet, 10-week washout, 12 weeks of ketogenic diet. Some of the participants got keto first and then low fat. Other participants got low fat then keto. And that trial actually found that when patients were in ketosis, they had statistically significant improvement in activities of daily living and quality of life. And they did have improvement in cognitive function. But it didn't reach statistical significance, that improvement did not. We've got other trials. We've got several animal models showing that the ketogenic diet can improve biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease in Alzheimer's models. So it can reduce plaques and tangles, can even improve cognitive impairment in animal models. And we've got a couple of other small pilot trials of ketogenic diet in humans, showing that it improves biomarkers compared to, say, the low fat diet or the American Heart Association diet. So we've got those. I think one of the biggest challenges that I'll just share openly-- and this is-- I'm somebody who's pretty passionate about this research. And I believe it has a lot of potential. But Johns Hopkins' researchers attempted to do exactly this kind of a study, Alzheimer's patients' ketogenic diet versus the, I think, American Academy of Aging-- or something like that-- diet, is the controlled diet. Which presumably has starches in there. ANDREW HUBERMAN: I think that's the key variable. CHRIS PALMER: Probably lots of-- yeah, lots of-- And some potatoes-- CHRIS PALMER: Whole grains, lots of whole grains. Yeah, some potatoes. CHRIS PALMER: And they spent, I believe, over three years. They screened over 1,300 people who expressed interest. At the end of the day, I think they only got 27 people to enroll. And only 14 of those people completed the study. CHRIS PALMER: Despite that, what they found was that the subjects who achieved ketosis had cognitive improvement. But people on study section are going to look at a study like that and say, even if the science is there, if you can't get people to do this diet, why would we spend money on researchers trying to get people to do this diet? I should mention, study section is this closed door panels of 40 or so people. There are many of these panels. Different divisions in the National Institutes of Health use different panels. And then grants are evaluated in a very small, because of the size of the federal budget for research, a very small percentage. Usually, about 10% of these studies are funded. The rest generally don't end up happening. That is very informative. What you just described is very informative because now it makes sense to me. There's no conspiracy. It's not big pharma, I don't think, is trying to suppress trials of ketogenic diets on Alzheimer's because I would imagine the first thing that pharma would want to do is to see that study done. So they didn't have to. And then the moment it was done, if it showed a positive effect, they'd probably want to isolate the molecule and wrap it up in something that people would take, right? So I don't think there's any active suppression by pharma. I think pharma would probably be cheering from the sidelines because they could capitalize on it, because ultimately, the studies are done by scientists. But the treatments are generally doled out by pharmaceutical companies and/or physicians. So I don't believe there's a conspiracy there. That is very interesting. And it's kind of amazing, given our discussion of earlier, which is that you had a patient that was having schizophrenic symptoms who managed to stay on this diet. So is there something special about Alzheimer's patients and people with age-related cognitive decline? Presumably, they're very dependent on others to cook for them and shop for them. I think that this is almost perfect controlled environment for getting this study done. that is the key issue. So again, I got patients-- I get patients with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, extraordinarily impaired people to do this diet and stay with it. But it's because I'm providing a weekly session for them. And I imagine this study did not provide that kind of intensive support. In the pilot trial that I described to you, they actually got, I think, over 90% compliance with the different dietary interventions. So some of it is going to be dependent on the research group. And does the research group understand that this is not-- it's not like prescribing a pill. Here, take this pill. And take it every day and come back in three weeks. And even then, we don't know for sure that the patient took the pill every day. We just assume they took the pill every day. And studies say they probably didn't. So I think when we think about a dietary intervention, we need to think about more intensive support and education. And that support could be a health and wellness coach. It could be a dietician. It could be education of the family. It might even be providing them with dietary meals. That maybe for six months, we actually provide them with ketogenic meals-- once a week, put them in your freezer. Microwave them when needed-- to make this diet as easy and doable as possible. Because if we can get people to do the diet, if we can get them through the first couple of months, most people can learn how to do this diet. More importantly-- I didn't mention this before. But the number one reason I am so successful at getting patients to stay on this diet for years, is because of the consequences to them when they go off of it. That is the reason I can get schizophrenic patients and bipolar patients to do this diet, whereas other people can't get an everyday human being to do it for weight loss because the weight loss patient doesn't experience devastating tormenting symptoms when they break the diet. Oftentimes, they are rewarded. They eat something they really enjoy. And they get a little bit of a dopamine rush from it. And they're off to the races. They're like, I'm going to-- oh, I've already cheated. I'll cheat again. I'll get back on it someday. And they never get around to it. My patients, when they go off the diet, they start hallucinating within 48-- or 24, 48 hours. And they quickly realize that was a really stupid thing to do. That piece of cake was not at all worth the torment that I'm experiencing now. So they get back on the diet. I suspect with Alzheimer's disease, we might notice something similar. Some of these people have very mild symptoms. So maybe they won't have that kind of a reinforcement, negative reinforcing kind of experience. But I think some of them will. Some of them recognize that they are impaired cognitively. And if this diet could help them remember better, if this diet could help them function better-- and again, that's what the pilot trial showed, is activities of daily living. That means these people are able to go to the bathroom on their own. They're able to get themselves dressed. Whereas, they needed help with those things before. Those are actually really important things to both the patient and the caregiver. And if they go off the diet and then quickly revert into a more symptomatic state, that might be reinforcing enough for them to figure out a way to do the diet on their own. And if we think about, if this really is an effective intervention-- and yes, we need longer trials, larger trials, all of that, because there are plenty of stories in the medical field where pilot trials looked really spectacular and promising. And then larger trials just failed to show the benefits. I believe, based on all the science of metabolism, mitochondria, glucose hypometabolism, all of that, I believe the science makes this an obvious treatment that has real potential. So people will call me biased. That's fine. I've got my bias. ANDREW HUBERMAN: No, based on clinical observation and extensive clinical observation at that-- I think biases that are simply because we want to feel a certain way or believe something are worth critiquing. But bias based on observation-- here, I should mention that most of what we know about human memory was sparked by one patient, a famous HM, who I think was living in Harvard Medical, in one of the hospitals around. There are many hospitals on Longwood Campus. But one patient, the reason we associate the hippocampus with memory is because we knew that HM's the hippocampus was intentionally damaged for epilepsy treatment. So this idea that everything has to be a randomized clinical trial, to me, is crazy. Of course, that's a gold standard. And it's essential. But there's so much information in textbooks, medical textbooks in particular, that are gleaned from single-patient case studies or from three-patient neurostimulation in the brain or something of that sort. So to me, I'm still perplexed as to why there's this insistence on only one form of evidence. Clearly, what you're doing, the important work that you're doing clinically, and in the research side, and in public communication, is assisting this. I have a question about-- or more of a statement/question about the ketogenic diet. Based on everything that we've talked about, seems to me that the ketogenic diet for weight loss is a very interesting aspect of the diet as is intermittent fasting for weight loss even though it might just be by way of caloric restriction that occurs with fasting. But then in some ways, the effects of the ketogenic diet on weight loss are a bit of a decoy for most people. That's where their mind goes. This person lost X amount of weight. Maybe that made them feel better. Maybe that actually made them underweight. I think you've talked about it. For some people, it can actually bring them under weight. I'm glad that we got the chance to dive into the description of ketogenic diet for epilepsy because it really is a medical intervention that has a side effect of weight loss or could be used to treat obesity and induce weight loss. But it's really about far more than that. And that raises a question for me, which is-- we've been talking about the ketogenic diet as one thing. But I've heard you discuss this before, where just as a physician will prescribe different dosage ranges of a given drug, you can prescribe different dosage ranges of a nutritional plan, a diet. It's not one thing. It's not necessarily zero carbohydrates or 100 grams or 50 grams. It depends on the patient and a lot of other factors. I've heard you list off various things classic keto. Maybe you could just briefly tell us what that typically is, because I think most people think it means eating a lot of meat and not carbohydrates. But it might not be that. Fasting and then some of the other-- you mentioned Atkins earlier. We don't have to go into each of these in detail. And I know in your book, you talk about not just the science and clinical background but also some actionable steps that people could consider. So they can refer there for more detail. But for somebody who, let's say, is depressed-- they've had some rounds of depression. Maybe they're on antidepressants, maybe not-- and they want to try something like this. Obviously, this has to be done in concert with a physician observing all this. But what is the typical thing that you probe with first? Just like with a drug, you might probe with 20 milligrams of a drug. What's your typical initial dietary intervention probe? Terrible languaging, I realize. And I'm criticizing myself for that. But I think people get the idea. CHRIS PALMER: The real answer is that I don't have a one-size-fits-all recommendation for any person. So the first thing that I'm going to assess with the patient is, what symptoms are they having? What is their current diet like? And what are they willing to do? I try to meet them where they're at. So if somebody-- and I want to point out. You mentioned the all-meat version of this diet, which is often referred to as the carnivore diet. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Very controversial diet. CHRIS PALMER: There is no doubt that exists. Some people swear by it. They swear they've tried other versions of ketogenic diets and only when they went to a carnivore diet did they get benefits. But there are vegetarian and vegan versions of the ketogenic diet. So in my mind, this is not at all about the diet wars of animal-sourced versus plant-sourced foods. It's about inducing a state of ketosis, which is mimicking the fasting state. That is what it's about. And you can do that by not eating anything, by fasting and/or And you get your results. So no diet is a ketogenic diet. So it's not about the foods or the types of foods that you're eating. It's about inducing The first variable I'm going to look at when I recommend this or prescribe this is the person's current weight. If somebody is obese versus somebody who's thin, I'm going to use different dietary strategies for those two situations. In the obese patient, they have tons of fat stores on their body already. Usually, it is a goal of theirs to tap into some of those. And they'd like to lose some weight if they're going to try a ketogenic diet for brain health anyway. And so I'm going to use that. So that person, really, the diet is carbohydrate restriction. And that usually is a sufficient intervention. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Both simple carbohydrates, meaning sugars and fructose also? Fructose, definitely. So no added sugars, essentially. You can have added natural sweeteners like stevia or monk fruit. You might use artificial sweeteners. Years of doing this, I'd probably recommend steer away from them if you can because I think they tend to stimulate cravings for high carb foods. So if you can kind of get through a couple of weeks without sweet things, your cravings for those will go down. And it'll make the diet easier and a little more sustainable. But let's say you can have your artificial sweeteners, if that's what you really want. So I'm going to say less than 20 grams of carbs a day for those people. They can have all the protein they want. They can have vegetables. And they can have all the fat they want. But I'm not going to push fat on those people. I'm not going to tell them, eat a lot of fat, at the same time because I want to use the fat on their body as the fat source, at least early on. Are you encouraging healthy fats like monounsaturated fats, like olive oil? Are you encouraging people to eat a little less butter, et cetera? CHRIS PALMER: I tend to encourage, again, a wide range of fats. And it's going to depend on the person. A lot of times, people come to me with very specific ideas. But I'm going to tend to encourage olive oil, avocados, nuts, which are usually considered, even by the American Heart Association, healthy sources of fat. The more controversial thing are things like coconut oil or coconut cream, which the American Heart Association might say is not a healthy fat, I kind of disagree with that and don't think it's unhealthy at all actually. And when you look at the epidemiological studies of saturated fat causing heart disease or causing adverse outcomes, at best, maybe increases your risk 10% to 15%-- at best. How much coconut oil can people ingest, anyway, before they either develop diarrhea-- no joke-- or just sort of get tired of coconut oil? Anyway, your point is taken. But they can eat meat if they like meat? they can eat eggs. Or if they don't like meat and eggs, they could eat sardines or things of that sort. I personally can't-- I can't even stomach the-- I don't even like the word "sardine." I have nothing against the actual fish. But that's just me. But obviously, people have-- I say this because people have different preferences, right? I'll eat a steak. But I'm not going to eat a sardine. CHRIS PALMER: And I'm going to go with that. And again, there are vegan sources of protein that-- people can eat tempeh So that's the obese person. It's carb restriction as the primary initial phase. The thin person is going to need to eat a lot of fat because they don't have a lot of fat stores on their body. And if I want them in ketosis, clinical ketosis, I'm going to have to feed them fat. So that's the person to say, make sure you get in avocados, olive oil, butter, maybe heavy cream. So heavy cream is delicious. It's a delicious way to get your fats in. I have one patient who just drinks it straight, to just try to get it in. ANDREW HUBERMAN: I get it. I've never had an appetite for sweets. I absolutely love savory fatty food. When I was in high school, I was thin. So I was able to do this. But I used to drink half-and-half. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and drink it just because it tastes so, so good. does taste good. So if they're on a ketogenic diet, I'm going to push them away from half-and-half and toward heavy whipping cream. So you can whip that up. You can freeze it. It turns into ice cream. You can add vanilla. You can add cocoa powder. You can add all sorts of things. And you're off to the races with shakes, and ice cream, and mousse, and all sorts of things that you can have. With any of these patients, the beauty of this diet is I have objective biomarkers. I'm going to have them measuring ketones. And I'm going to adjust the diet based on their state of ketosis and/or the clinical benefits that I'm looking for. If it's an average person, who is not currently under psychiatric care, not taking prescription medicines but is saying, I'm burned out. I'm exhausted. I want some of that brain energy that Andrew Huberman is talking about. He talks about feeling good. I want some of that. I'm probably actually going to recommend the protocol you describe, which is, let's see if we can just carb restrict for a while and see if that produces clinical benefit. I have one-- he's not even a patient, just somebody who read my book. I didn't tell him anything. And he came away from it saying-- he was ready to start an antidepressant for his anxiety. He had chronic anxiety, was trying meditation, was trying all sorts of things. Nothing-- those things weren't enough. He was ready to go on prescription medicine. He read an early copy of the book. He took it upon himself without consulting with me to restrict carbohydrates alone. He did not go ketogenic. He is a vegetarian. He restricted carbs. Within three weeks, said, I don't need prescription medicine. I can't believe how much better I feel. And all I did was cut out some of the high carb foods in my diet. So I think for some people, it can be that simple. For people with serious mental disorders, if they are chronically depressed, if they're on lots of prescription meds, if they're disabled by their symptoms, and certainly, if you're bipolar or have schizophrenia or something, those are the people I really do want them to work with a medical professional because meds may need to be adjusted. They need a real shot at this diet. It's not like weight loss. Weight loss, everybody wings it. And either you're successful or you aren't. You look on the internet or you read a book or you do-- even the colleague that you mentioned, he's probably just reading-- who knows whether it's credible information or not-- and just winging it, and seeing whether it works or not. I want you to treat it like you have epilepsy because you do have a serious brain disorder. It's impairing your ability to function in the world. It's impairing your health and happiness. You deserve a competent medical treatment. And we have that. We have a hundred-year evidence-based. We've got dieticians who know this like the back of their hand. They can monitor your level of ketosis. They can help look for vitamin and nutrient deficiencies that can be a consequence of the diet, and make sure that you're not developing those. They can help tweak the diet if needed. They can give you ideas if you're getting bored with eggs every morning. They can give you ideas for what else you might have. And if you're using it to treat a serious disorder, I think you need serious help. ANDREW HUBERMAN: A couple of questions, a little more detailed, but I think a lot of people will have this on their mind. Is it ever the case that you'll prescribe somebody the ketogenic diet in conjunction with intermittent fasting? So eat keto but eat between the hours of, whatever, 11:00 AM and 8:00 PM or something like that. That's the first question. And I have one patient with type 2 diabetes and chronic depression. And he will try to follow And sometimes, his blood sugars are still very high. And sometimes I will ask him to do either intermittent fasting or even a three or four day water fast. And it is shocking. When he does a three or four day water fast, the first day or two, he feels like crap. I'll just say up front, don't do it if you've got an important meeting or business trip or anything. Don't be-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: So this is just consuming water. CHRIS PALMER: This is just consuming water. No black coffee? CHRIS PALMER: I usually tell him he can have plain black coffee or tea. ANDREW HUBERMAN: You have mercy after all. CHRIS PALMER: I have a tiny ounce of mercy. But when he does it, his blood sugars plummet in a good way, his blood sugars are normalizing. But the last time he did it, he actually got to seven days at one point. And he said, I feel great. I want to keep going. I can't believe that I'm not hungry. But I am not hungry at all. I don't miss food at all. And at seven days, I kind of cut the cord. I was like, no, no. We're done. He needs to eat. [LAUGHS] We're done. ANDREW HUBERMAN: You got to eat. Well, I find it really interesting that the intermittent fasting, of course, controversial at some level, but as to whether or not it's just beneficial by way of caloric restriction-- because it is one way to achieve caloric restriction-- whether or not has additional benefits. But I'm very interested in the neural side of it. And it does seem that the fasted state can start to take on its own rewarding properties, where people get dopamine release not from eating, as most everyone does, but from abstaining from food. Now, this can be pathologic in the sort of example of anorexia nervosa, which is we both know as the most deadly psychiatric illness. But for non-anoxerics, I think it's interesting to note that eventually not eating can have its own rewarding properties to it that aren't just related to weight loss. But in the short-term, feeling-- in other words, feeling really good by way of abstaining from eating. And that's actually-- it raises an important risk that I haven't mentioned yet. But at least in psychiatric patients-- but even in some patients who just use the keto diet for weight loss, I have seen definite hypomania. So these are people that aren't sleeping very much. Are they also getting kind of delusional, thinking they're going to run for president? So the distinction between hypomania and mania-- so mania, you might become psychotic and delusional. Mania, by definition, is problematic. It's causing a problem in some way or another. And if you have psychotic symptoms, it's definitely called mania, full-blown mania. Hypomania, for better or worse, is something every human being probably craves. So it is feeling extraordinarily good. It's getting by on less sleep. But you don't need to sleep. Who needs sleep? I've got things to do. My brain is running on all cylinders. I feel so creative. There have been lots of famous people through the ages who have been bipolar, probably bipolar. And some of their most productive periods of time, whether it's art or creating scientific models or what-have-you, were probably during hypomanic episodes. ANDREW HUBERMAN: So what do you do in that case? I'm obsessed with getting sufficient quality sleep. It's a kind of a repeating theme in our podcast and many of my social media posts. And I always recommend behavioral tools first, then exercise, viewing sunlight, et cetera, at appropriate times, avoiding late night artificial light exposure, et cetera, and occasionally, for people who are doing all that and still struggle with sleep, supplementation. One of the things that I've seen some data on is that for people who are following a low carbohydrate diet, that inositol, in particular, can be helpful for getting into sleep probably because it's a bit of an-- has a bit of an anti-anxiety effect. But presumably, there are other things out there, too. The magnesiums will generally do that. A hot bath will do that, too, for that matter. But what you're talking about is people who are going, what, a day and a half without sleep? Or they're just two hours of sleep a night? the worst case I saw was actually a mental health professional who didn't recognize it initially. He went six months with two to four hours of sleep every night. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Because they were on a ketogenic diet? was getting by on two to four hours of sleep every night, did not initially recognize that this was a problem. He was feeling great. He was feeling that keto high. And he was actually waking up at 4:00 AM, going for 10 to 20 mile runs most days. He finally stopped the ketogenic diet after about six months because he said, I can't maintain my weight. I'm losing too much weight. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. I was just thinking there are some social media personalities associated with nutrition that might be hypomanic. I'll let you do the clinical evaluation. So what does somebody do in that case? So I don't know that I've ever been hypomanic. But as I mentioned earlier, unless I've done a very high intensity workout early in the day and I need to replenish carbohydrates, I typically eat meat, fruit, and vegetables throughout the day-- minimum amounts of fruit but some. And then at night, I switch over to mainly carbohydrate. It really helps me sleep. It replenishes glycogen stores. I sleep really well, wake up the next morning, repeat. And of course, this goes against a lot of the dogma that, oh, you're not supposed to eat carbohydrates late in the day and [MUMBLES]. This is what works for me. And so I do it. For somebody like this mental health professional, who is hypomanic, would going off the ketogenic diet entirely be the best idea? Or could it be that adjusting when they eat their carbohydrates would be advantageous in order to make sure that they felt alert and great during the day? Maybe not hypomanic but then could have a four to eight-hour a night sleep as opposed to a two to four hours a night, which is really very little sleep. CHRIS PALMER: Yeah, it's not-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: It can't be healthy. CHRIS PALMER: It's not healthy. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Even if you can do it and feel great, I imagine that the brain is suffering. And the body is suffering. ANDREW HUBERMAN: And your friends and family are suffering. CHRIS PALMER: The body is repairing itself with sleep. And so yeah, it's-- if it's somebody who is not a patient, they're not a mental health patient. They're not using as a mental health treatment. They're simply doing it for whatever. I actually start with everything you've just outlined. Let's start with behavioral measures first. And the first intervention is education. You need at least six hours of sleep a night. Period, end of story. That's non-negotiable. If you're not getting at least six hours of sleep a night, we need to consider this a problem. So figure out a way to get 6 hours of sleep. For some people, that's enough, just the education. They don't get out of bed at 3:00 AM. It might take them an hour to fall back to sleep. They fall back to sleep. For most people, if you can get three nights of decent sleep in a row, the hypomania goes away. That is the way to extinguish it. And then they still go on feeling a high from it. They feel great. Their brain feels good in terms of memory, concentration, motivation, all of those things. But they're not hypomanic anymore. And then I might use supplements, melatonin, others magnesium is a big one. And for some, I will recommend exactly what you're doing-- eat some carbohydrates in the evening before you're going to bed. Either have them at dinner and then wait a few hours before you're going to go to bed or have them right before you're going to go to bed, just to try to calm your body down and get it going. When I'm using this as a clinical intervention, especially with patients with serious mental illness, I actually want them in a state of ketosis long-term. So I'm not going to do the carbohydrate intervention. I'm going to try all the other ones. But if they still can't sleep even with supplements, over the counter supplements, then I'm probably going to go with prescription, sleeping medicines, as a temporary stopgap to try to get them three to seven days of decent sleep. That usually breaks the hypomanic cycle. And then they stay on the ketogenic diet because it ends up resulting in all of these other improvements that I've described. Their illness can sometimes go in to full remission. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Is it low dose trazodone as a first line prescription? CHRIS PALMER: I would not use trazodone. I would actually specifically avoid trazodone because it's an antidepressant. And they're already hypomanic. And I certainly don't want to push that further. So as long as it's somebody without a history of addiction, I'm going to use a benzodiazepine or either commonly called the Z medicines for sleep-- zolpidem or Ambien or something like that. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Those tap into the opioid pathway? GABA opioid? CHRIS PALMER: GABA. I usually start with something like Ativan or Klonopin probably Ativan because it's shorter-acting. And again, I'm only looking to use it short-term. I let them know that up front. We're looking for three to And then we're going to try to get them off that medicine. And usually, people are off to the races and can sustain it well. question about hormones. Many of the Huberman Lab podcast listeners will ask-- any time we're talking about something like exercise or a drug treatment or behavioral training, people will say, what about the menstrual cycle? How is that impacted by this? How does the menstrual cycle impact its efficacy, et cetera? Carbohydrates and caloric restriction have been implicated in different interactions-- are known to interact with the endocrine system. So what do you do if you have a patient who is depressed or could have psychotic symptoms-- but let's go with depression because that's probably a bit more familiar to most people-- and then they're on a low carbohydrate or full ketogenic diet, but their menstrual cycles cease. How do you deal with those adjustments? And I guess we could expand this conversation and say, what about male fertility also? Because some caloric diets seem to-- my understanding is that submaintenance caloric diets, so weight loss diets, will improve testosterone-estrogen ratios in males that are obese. But for someone that's not obese, to go on a sub-caloric diet, that it can start to impair testosterone levels and-- probably not render them infertile but certainly adjust that whole axis. So what about interactions between ketosis, diets, et cetera, and the endocrine system? real answer is, I don't think anybody knows. And there's not a one-size-fits-all answer because I've seen examples. And I'm aware of science to back up polar opposite conclusions. So the first general observation that I'll make-- I know so many couples, husbands and wives, boyfriends and girlfriends, heterosexual couples, who have tried the ketogenic diet to lose weight together-- end up with a baby? No, I'm just kidding. Almost universally, the men have a much easier time with it than the women. It's not across the board. But I know so many examples where the women say I couldn't tolerate that diet. It did not make me feel better. It actually made me feel worse. And I think in those cases, it probably does relate to hormones. I'm aware of animal models, of mice-- in particular, ketogenic diet in mouse models. One researcher shared with me, the thing that was striking is that the female mice never got pregnant on the ketogenic diet. Whereas, the mice on the standard diet were just having babies right and left. And it was just shocking, the difference. On the surface, it makes sense. The ketogenic diet is mimicking the fasting state. Women who are trying to reproduce should not be fasting. If your body is in a fasting state, it probably does not want to expend resources, metabolic resources, calories, nutrients, and other things, to creating a baby because your very life is being threatened by, quote unquote, "fasting" or starvation. That even though is a sustainable, nonstarvation diet, we're really using that diet to trick the body into thinking that it is in a fasting or starvation state. And so just from a kind of evolutionary stance, it makes sense that women's bodies may actually have significant changes in hormonal status to prevent pregnancy because a woman should not be having a baby when she's starving to death. I know of examples of women who are the opposite, though, who have benefited dramatically and tremendously from the ketogenic diet, have put schizophrenia, bipolar disorder into full remission. And I do actually know of one case, at least one case. A woman, infertile, she and her husband had been trying for three years, no pregnancy. She went keto. Within four months, she was pregnant. How do I make sense of that? I don't know. And unfortunately, I don't think we really have good control data on what does the ketogenic diet do to male hormonal systems, what to female hormonal systems. But clearly, I think changes are happening. I don't have a way to predict it, at least. If somebody else has great insights, I welcome them. But I haven't seen them published. ANDREW HUBERMAN: It's a terrific answer because when things are all over the place and bidirectional, depending on one circumstance or the other, I think it screams for controlled studies, and more descriptions of case studies, and anecdotal data, too. So I think it's an excellent answer. It also calls to mind the important public service announcement that because of these bidirectional effects that you described, please don't use fasting or the ketogenic diet as a reliable form of contraception. Yes, please don't. I have a final question, which relates to something that is very much starting to get buzz now-- and maybe more so for people that hang out in the Twitter space or the nutrition space. But there's a new class of drugs that I think initially were developed to treat diabetes but are now being evaluated for their efficacy to treat obesity. And these are the semaglutide drugs that are involved in-- they tap into these glucagon related GLP-1 pathways. And it is a story that we've talked about a little bit on the podcast before. But many people, I imagine, probably haven't heard that conversation. I would simply like to know what you think about these drugs. They obviously adjust the way that glucose and insulin are managing energy, both in the body and the brain, and can produce weight loss. So that to me, when I look at the data, it's impressive. But a good logical shift in diet and exercise could achieve similar weight loss. But a lot of people just won't do that. So the question I have is, what are your thoughts on semaglutide and other GLP-- I think I might have said GLT before, excuse me-- GLP-1 related compounds? And do you ever prescribe these in conjunction with these dietary shifts? Because it seems to me, they would fall right in with the catalog of other approaches that you have available. I am not at all an expert on these medications. ANDREW HUBERMAN: But what are your thoughts about them? They seem to be weight loss drugs, not unlike the fen-phen drugs of the '90s that then were banned because a few people didn't handle them well. CHRIS PALMER: They are. We had fen-phen. And even before that, in the 1950s, and '60s, and '70s, Dexedrine-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: Amphetamine. CHRIS PALMER: Amphetamine-- Mother's little helper. CHRIS PALMER: --was, yes, was the treatment of choice for women across the United States to keep their slim figures. And we created addicts and all sorts of problems. But they were widely used and probably millions of women because they work. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Because they kill appetite. CHRIS PALMER: They kill appetite. My overall thoughts are this. There is zero doubt in my mind that the obesity epidemic is a threat to human health and potentially the human species. If it keeps going at the rate it's going, it is a threat to our species. We have to figure out what on Earth is happening, and what can we do about it. These medications, in early studies, are highly effective over a year or two. That's promising. I am worried, though, that we're not attacking the root cause of obesity. If the root cause of obesity ends up being some kind of poisoning of the metabolic machinery in the brain or body-- and I would argue that probably relates to mitochondrial health and mitochondrial function-- I have every reason to believe that taking a medication that helps you lose weight may not be addressing that problem. And therefore, may not be addressing all of the negative health consequences of what we call obesity. So obesity, in it of itself, we know that excess fat can become inflammatory and can cause problems, in and of itself. But I actually see obesity as a symptom. I see obesity as a symptom of metabolic derangement in the body or brain. And that is why people become obese. And that if we're really going to get anywhere, we need to identify what is causing that metabolic derangement. Using a symptomatic treatment like a GLP-1 medication, to the best of my knowledge, is not addressing that core problem. And we're just ignoring it. Maybe I'll be wrong. And maybe these will be the wonder drug that saved the human species, and everybody will be thin and healthy forever and ever. I'm not hopeful, because we've never-- we've had so many promising drugs come along. Fen-Phen, Dexedrine, we've had so many promising drugs. And at the end of the day, when you try to muck with human metabolism using a single processed molecule, manmade, I can't think of even one example where it's been great for large numbers of people. Certainly, manufacturing insulin is life-saving for people with type 1 diabetes. So that would be an example. But giving massive doses of insulin to people with type 2 diabetes, actually is a downward spiral. I would much rather see people with type 2 diabetes control their diabetes through diet and lifestyle. And that might be a ketogenic diet, or a low carb diet, or exercise or good sleep, or all of the other thing. All of it. I'd much rather see that because when people try to control their type 2 diabetes with a molecule, even though it's a natural molecule insulin, we know that thats results in really poor health consequences, results in higher rates of cardiovascular disease, higher rates of mental disorders, higher rates of premature mortality. Do I think GLP-1 molecules are going to be different? No. I don't have any reason to think they are going to be. So that would be my two cents, but we'll see. Time will tell. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Time will tell. Meanwhile, I want to thank you for doing what is, without question, pioneering work. Again, I'm not a clinician. But I've been around this space long enough to know that indeed there there are no wonder drugs. There are drugs that certainly can help alleviate symptoms in some individuals. But that lifestyle and in the case of your work-- in particular, in the discussion today-- diet and, the ketogenic diet, in particular, it's clear, can have incredible effects, miraculous effects, And positive effects in others that might not be of the same magnitude but nonetheless are extremely important, so on behalf of myself, and the listeners, and and certainly, just on behalf of everybody out there-- because everyone does need to be concerned about mental health issues, whether or not they have them and in their family themselves. Or otherwise, because they impact everybody. Just really want to thank you for viewing the work that you're doing because it really is pioneering. And it's brave. And I can see now, based on our discussion, why it would work. You've given us a lot of hints into the underlying mechanisms that suggest as to why it would work. And you're going to given us examples as to how it has worked in patients that you've worked with. And this field is expanding fast. I think this is an area of psychiatry and medicine in general. Meaning, behavioral, nutritional interventions, that is expanding very fast. So thank you for being brave and for taking this on, and doing it in such a structured way, and for communicating it here today. And with the general public, through your book, and your online presence. We will certainly point people in the direction of those valuable resources. Thanks so much. CHRIS PALMER: Yeah, I know. I appreciate it. CHRIS PALMER: Thank you, Andrew, for being brave and having me on your [LAUGHS] show-- ANDREW HUBERMAN: And a pleasure. CHRIS PALMER: --and for a great conversation. ANDREW HUBERMAN: Thank you for joining me for my discussion I hope you found it to be as informative, actionable, and exciting in terms of the various treatments that we can now think about when considering treatments for psychiatric disorders. Once again, if you're interested in his work or his new book, Brain Energy, I encourage you to go to his website. That's chrispalmermd.com. You can also find the book Brain Energy by Chris Palmer on Amazon and other sites where books are sold. And we provide links to the book and to Dr. Palmer's website in the show note captions. If you're learning from and/or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on Spotify and on Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple, you can leave us up to a five star review. If you have questions or suggestions about topics and guests you'd like me to include on the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comments section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. In addition, please check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning of today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. During today's episode, we did not discuss supplements. But on many previous episodes of the Huberman Lab podcast, we do discuss supplements because while supplements aren't necessary for everybody, many people derive tremendous benefit from them for things like enhancing sleep, and focus, and hormone augmentation, and so forth. The Huberman Lab podcast has partnered with Momentous Supplements because they are of the very highest quality. And they ship internationally. And in addition to that, they have single-ingredient formulations that allow you to devise the supplement regimen that's most effective and most cost effective for you. If you'd like to see the supplements discussed on the Huberman Lab podcast, please go to LiveMomentous.com/Huberman. The Huberman Lab also has a zero cost newsletter that you can access. It includes summaries of podcast episodes as well as summaries of various protocols for mental health, physical health, and performance. You can sign up for the newsletter by going to hubermanlab.com. Go into the menu and look for the Neural Network Newsletter sign-up. You just provide your email. And I assure you we do not share your email with anybody. And again, it's completely zero cost. Again, go to hubermanlab.com and sign up for the Neural Network Newsletter. And if you're not already following us on social media, we are Huberman Lab on Instagram, Huberman Lab Lab on Twitter, and Huberman Lab on Facebook. And at all of those sites, I provide science and science-related tools Some of which overlap with information covered on the Huberman Lab podcast. But often which is distinct from information covered on the Huberman Lab podcast. So again, that's Huberman Lab on Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook. Once again, thank you for joining me for today's discussion And last, but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelarmstrong8166 [4 likes]: I have psychosis/schizophrenia. 

Went on Keto last week. Bulletproof coffee without the coffee/caffeine. Protein for lunch and dinner. Not eating anything else, maybe water, magnesium tablet, comomile tea (before bed), or low carb veg in small portion with dinner (broccoli, asparagus). 

My psychosis is gone. Because of Dr. Chris Palmer, I don't have psychosis anymore. I was able to get 83% on an entrance exam, and am starting to build a life for myself.
  2. @tradesofexpansion [2 likes]: very courageous of him to talk about his personal stuff. respect!
  3. @annawade8062 [2 likes]: It's high sugar and high seed oils rather than the fat. That's why junk food is so harmful. It would be bad if it was sugar and beef fat but way less bad than with the seed oils. This is a fascinating video and it's giving me hope that I can help someone I love with this information ❤
  4. @queenie21879 [1 likes]: I feel these podcast are very important to listen to as a pre med.
  5. @KaayJaay [1 likes]: In keto we trust. Carnivore. Animal based
  6. @MEhamilton57 [1 likes]: Amazing! Loved this!
  7. @Peak_Yourself [1 likes]: What we eat directly impacts how we think and feel. The right diet can elevate mood, reduce anxiety, and sharpen the mind. 🥑🧠✨
If you're into unlocking your full potential through daily mindset shifts and simple positive habits, feel free to explore my YouTube channel on personal development and conscious living! 🌱💡
  8. @charissaschalk5175: I loved this episode, and how Dr. Palmer presented both the pros and the precautions!  My thanks to both of you.
  9. @maggiemae0725: How can I do this when I'm so depressed I barely can bring myself to shove the easiest thing possible in my mouth just to not die? I want to be able to do this but I have not been able to stick to anything. My life is a living hell from anxiety and depression. I'm barely functioning and also take care of my paralyzed husband. I do the best I can but life feels terrible. I hate waking up. Any advice please!!
  10. @Syoo888: Thank you!:hands-yellow-heart-red:
  11. @conwellboccia1004: Fasting, followed by strict ketogenic diet with ketone monitoring SHOULD be the first line initial treatment for brain stroke. Instead, stroke is most often treated with the exact opposite, pulling out all of the stops to initiate tube feedings (either nasogastric or stomach tube) consisting predominately of high glucose, high fat (corn syrup & seed oils) with insulin injections 4 times/day! No wonder so many hospitalized stroke patients have ANOTHER stroke within weeks of treatment initiation!
  12. @queenie21879: 42:34
  13. @alakfrsst9: This guy's message is so needed today! I hope we all shout this from the mountaintops!
  14. @lwc1983: I've watched the entirety of both fantastic interviews with Dr. Palmer. Please have him back on again soon to hear about new developments and keep promoting his work.  In mainstream psychiatry there still isn't enough highlighting of his groundbreaking work (psychiatrist here).  Dr. Georgia Ede would be another great guest.  Thank you!
  15. @brentsmith5318: Can I  get acetate from vinegar  and fuel my brain that way?
  16. @brentsmith5318: Mitochondria do an awful lot for only having 37 genes.
  17. @kaleta036: I have had problems with my weight since childhood. I also suffer from PTSD from childhood trauma. Recently I had dental work that only  allowed me to eat the smallest portions of food. If I had a sandwich I could only take one bite. The small portions and inability to eat very much helped me get control of my over eating. I also ate McDonald’s or other inexpensive and convenient fast food every day. I stopped eating anything from a drive thru and started eating small portions of healthy foods. Not only have I lost weight but my PTSD is virtually gone. I realized that my diet was majorly affecting my mood and now when I wake up I no longer feel panicked or afraid. I feel so much better. It seems obvious, but in no way would I have imagined the level of change this has brought about. Fascinating and wonderful. It’s life changing. Thank you for your work and to the wonderful Guest I thank you for sharing your story and for the work you have done for others.
  18. @sparrowgarden1401: this dro should look into MTHFR and the Folic Acid that is added to most foods that contain grains in the U.S.
  19. @sparrowgarden1401: there are too may advertisements. They make it hard to keep track of what is said. I find it very frustrating.
  20. @clarafilbert7205: I want to hear Dr. Palmer speak about eating disorders. I am SO curious about his thoughts on how this develops.

- Transform Your Mental Health With Diet & Lifestyle | Dr. Chris Palmer: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the huberman Lab podcast where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday [Music] life I'm Andrew huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and Opthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine my guest today is Dr Chris Palmer Dr Chris Palmer is a psychiatrist and researcher at Harvard University he focuses on how metabolic health and mitochondrial Health in particular can be leveraged to treat and in some cases cure psychiatric disorders including schizophrenia autism depression bipolar and ADHD today we discuss how metabolic Health something we hear a lot about nowadays is really about mitochondrial health and the specific lifestyle and other factors that you can use to improve mitochondrial number and function we talk about things like exercise sleep sunlight which you've heard about before but we talk about those from a different perspective and we discuss some things that have never been discussed before on this podcast at least in light of mitochondrial health things such as creatine methylene blue nicotine and we talk about the key role of specific B vitamins and iron in brain function we also have a very direct discussion about vaccines and whether or not inflammation caused by vaccines can potentially damage mitochondria which then leads to mental health challenges and of course in that context we discuss the vaccine autism debate we also discuss public health and what is needed to truly change the way people exercise and eat and the rapidly changing landscape of the National Institutes of Health and the CDC as you'll soon hear Dr Palmer gives us a master class on mitochondrial function and how to improve this vital aspect of our health if you've heard about metabolic Health you've heard about the Obesity crisis that's important but looking at all of that and approaching it through the lens of mitochondrial Health you'll soon learn is absolutely the way to go it's a New Perspective that will change the way that you think about mental and physical health and that no doubt will impact your health practices in very positive ways before we begin I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford it is however part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to Consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public in keeping with that theme this episode does include sponsors and now for my discussion with Dr Chris Palmer Dr Chris Palmer welcome back thank you so much for having me back I credit you with leading the Call to Arms the public awareness and the implementation of what some people call medic olic Psychiatry but what we could easily just call the relationship between mental and physical health and the use of nutrition supplementation and where appropriate prescription drugs for the treatment of mental health but what do you call this field that you've basically founded and that you're pioneering there are others right but uh that you're pioneering and how should the general public think about the relationship between mitochondria and their Mental Health for for those that are not aware educate us I could talk for hours on this um so first of all thank you for um I I think you're actually giving me way too much credit though um I don't know about that I uh I'm I'm talking a lot about it and I think I will accept that maybe I'm able to talk about it in a way that helps people understand it that other scientists haven't been able to but you know one of the more important reasons I want to say this is because unbeknownst to a lot of people this field has actually been around for about a century and a half researchers in the 1800s around the turn of the century well up into the 1960s were hyperfocused on the role of metabolism in severe mental illness schizophrenia bipolar disorder they were actually measuring levels of lactate and glucose and um and other kind of metabol biomarkers in people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder documenting differences really kind of H honi in on the these metabolic disruptions is potentially the cause of mental illness and then our field lost its way we we became focused on neurotransmitters and assumed that they were the primary cause of mental illness while other fields were focused on psychological and social social factors you know we got cognitive behavioral therapy we still had psychodynamic Psychotherapy um but people were doing research on adverse childhood experiences that was really taking off documenting that that's related and so you know the field kind of splintered into these biological psychological social camps um and people really hyperfocused in all of these ways to me this field of integrating metabolism with mental health with physical health is about unifying that whole story it's about unifying and building on what these researchers a hundred years ago were pursuing it's about integrating the biological psychological and social camps it's about putting it all together and stop being so reductive C istic and simplistic to suggest that it's all biological or it's all psychological or it's all social and that if one if it's one it can't be the other it can be all of them um and it's different combinations for different people so in many ways I'm just standing on the shoulders of giants who have done groundbreaking work to create the science that allows us to put this all together um with that said I do firmly believe that we are on the cusp of a revolutionary change in the Paradigm of the mental health field of how we think about mental illness you know there are Myriad biological things the psychological and social things are all obvious and true yes stress trauma loneliness adverse childhood experiences all of those things come together our field is long known that all of those things play a role in mental illness which exactly which mental illnesses it's essentially all of them every one of the labels in dsm5 can be impacted by biological psychological and social factors so trauma in childhood increases risk for posttraumatic stress disorder duh everybody knows that trauma in childhood also increases risk for neurodevelopmental disorders if it occurs early enough it increases risk for substance use disorders personality disorders psychotic disorders mood disorders anxiety disorders dementia later in life and everything else every label what else do adverse childhood experiences increase risk for all of the metabolic disorders obesity type 2 diabetes cardiovascular disease autoimmune disorders premature mortality you know we have statistics that just sticking with that theme adverse childhood experiences if you have six or more adverse childhood experiences compared to somebody who has no adverse childhood experiences now that's a rare group granted but for the people who have six or more on average they live 20 years shorter they lose 20 years of life because of those adverse childhood experiences and so is that a mental health issue I would say it's a physical health issue it's both it's both a mental health issue and a physical health issue and so how can we understand that how can we understand that trauma in childhood increases risk for heart disease and obesity and diabetes and dementia and PTSD and ADHD and sub use disorders and the only way to connect it is through metabolism and ultimately through mitochondria unfortunately people like simple answers and they're like so diet will fix everything I'm like no I never said diet will fix everything but it can help it can help and it can be lifechanging and life saving I I don't want to I don't want to minimize or step back from my work with dietary intervention there is no doubt in my mind it can dramatically change people's lives but it's not just diet it's lots of other things and um and so it's putting it together and trying to make sense of the science for what does cardiovascular disease have to do with depression or PTSD on the surface a lot of people scratch their heads and they really don't know they they assume that well one's a brain disorder and one a heart disorder and it's like no we need to integrate that because all of the risk factors this this essentially the same bioc psychosocial risk factors that increase risk for heart disease also increase risk for brain disease and we just we need to start putting it together we need to be more sophisticated we have computers we have ai it's 2025 we can do better yes well first of all uh I and I'm sure the listeners really appreciate your human regarding who's responsible for the uh big surge in uh the interest in this field um so thanks for crediting your predecessors and um the others in the field uh at the same time I credit you um with really popularizing a lot of these terms being willing to go public facing and and share about metabolic Psychiatry for lack of a better uh way to put it U metabolic Psychiatry and and and really championing these ideas and uh being open into being part of a medical and Science and public discourse community so I'd be remiss if I didn't say that so hopefully you'll take that in and if you won't then I I very much appreciate it it's true thank you very much it's true and and I'm not alone in in that sentiment I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor our place our place makes my favorite pots pans and other cookware surprisingly toxic compounds such as pases or forever chemicals are still found in 80% of non-stick pans as well as utensils appliances and countless other Kitchen products as I've discussed on this podcast these pases or forever chemicals like Teflon have been linked to major health issues such as hormone disruption gut microbiome disruption fertility issues and many other health concerns so it's really important to avoid them this is why I'm a huge fan of ourplace ourplace products are made with the highest quality materials and are all past and toxin-free I particularly love their titanium always pan Pro it's the first non-stick pan made with zero chemicals and zero coating instead it's pure titanium this means it has no harmful forever chemical and that it doesn't degrade or lose its non-stick effect over time it's also beautiful to look at I cook eggs in my titanium always pan Pro almost every morning the design allows for the eggs to cook perfectly and without sticking to the pan I also cook burgers and steaks in it and it puts a really nice sear on the meat but again nothing sticks to it so it's really easy to clean and even dishwasher safe I love it and I use it constantly our place now has a full line of Titanium Pro cookware that uses this firstof its- kind titanium non-stick technology so if you're looking for non-toxic long-lasting pots and pans go to fromourplace docomo and use the code huberman for 10% off your order with a 100 day risk-free trial free shipping and free returns you can experience this fantastic cookware with zero risk again that's fromourplace tocom huberman to get 10% off today's episode is also brought To Us by element element is an electrolyte drink that has everything you need but nothing you don't that means the electrolytes sodium magnesium and potassium all in the correct ratios but no sugar proper hydration is critical for optimal brain and body function even a slight degree of dehydration can diminish cognitive and physical performance it's also important that you get adequate electrolytes the electrolytes sodium magnesium and potassium are vital for the functioning of all the cells in your body especially your neurons or your nerve cells drinking element dissolved in water makes it extremely easy to ensure that you're getting adequate hydration and adequate electrolytes to make sure that I'm getting proper amounts of hydration and electrolytes I dissolve one packet of element in about 16 to 32 ounces of water when I wake up in the morning and I drink that basically first thing in the morning I also drink element dissolved in water during any kind of physical exercise that I'm doing especially on hot days when I'm sweating a lot and therefore losing a lot of water and electrolytes they have a bunch of different great tasting flavors of element they have watermelon citrus Etc frankly I love them all if you'd like to try element you can go to drink element.com huberman to claim a free element sample pack with the purchase of any element drink mix again that's drink element.com huberman to claim a free sample pack if I think about a mental health condition like depression let's take depression um uh to start off I can just broadly create two you know Columns of of things or approaches that one might take uh one is this U mental model of sort of a molecule deficiency like I'm not saying this but there are many who at one point thought uh depression is related to a deficiency in serotonin or depression is related to a deficiency in dopamine either levels regulation enzymatic control whatever the the the level of control just this idea that these molecules are somehow lacking if you put them back you can relieve some symptoms of depression the other column that comes to mind for me having looked at the data on cognitive behavioral therapy on the data on uh psychedelics in the clinical setting for the treatment of depression ssris and other um so-called anti-depressants is this notion of neuroplasticity the idea that neural circuits can change and that neural circuits control our sense of well-being our perception of self perception of others feelings of agency Etc and it's now very clear that if you change levels of neuromodulators like dopamine like serotonin you don't necessarily cure depression but you open a window for plasticity and then perhaps the therapy that you're doing can modify brain circuits more robustly so I think in terms of molecule deficiency maybe it's a vitamin deficiency a neuromodulator deficiency and then I also think about plasticity that these treatments are just allowing for more brain change more rapidly what other columns would you add to that picture um and perhaps first do you think that picture is um woefully inadequate or just partially inadequate because I think this is the way most people think about the treatment of mental health they think oh there's something missing you take a drug and you get that thing back and then like ADHD you don't have enough dopamine or what you put it in and then all of a sudden attentional circuits work better this kind of thing versus plastic which is the modification of those circuits and the two things are not mutually exclusive but I I think until now they really hasn't been a a clear understanding that there are other columns for um for mechanistic change in in mental health I would say the concept of metabolism metabolic regulation mitochondrial function mitochondrial Health actually is an umbrella concept for everything you've just said it's an umbrella concept for well how do we create neurotransmitters where do these neurotransmitters come from what regulates their production release from cells and then even to go further what impact do those neurotransmitters have on other cells they are largely regulating brain metabolism and the way we usually think about it is they are regulating brain activity but if you ask the question well what is brain activity brain activity is either is fueled by metabolism that a a neuron cannot be active unless it has the capacity to increase its ATP kind of production and then when you suppress a neuron when you when you inhibit its function the TP production goes down so whether you want to think of metabolism as just a consequence of neural activity I actually think about it as an integral part of neural activity it's kind of like your car can't go without the engine a cell can't go without mitochondria um a cell can't do what it's supposed to do without mitochondria the other concept that you mentioned neuroplasticity neuroplasticity is all about energy and met metabolic resources to create new connections new neural connections between axons dendrites Somas other other aspects of neurons and cells and other types of cells asites oligodendrocytes um but in order to get neuroplasticity neuroplasticity implies growth and modulation and even pruning but it involves change and in order for an living organism to change that requires this foundational concept of metabolism now on the surface to a lot of people that sounds too abstract and it sounds like well that's ridiculous then if you're you're saying that metabolism is everything in biology and I kind of am of course it is you you can't talk about biology without talking about metabolism but when you talk about metabolic Health it becomes much more concrete pragmatic and real with real tools that you talk about all of the time on this podcast exercise promotes metabolic Health exercise promotes neuroplasticity they are inseparable you can't improve your metabolic Health without also at least opening up the opportunity for neuroplasticity improving your diet does the same thing sleep or lack thereof can impact this substance use can impact this and so you know in a way it it basically says let's connect all of the dots let's not hyperfocus on serotonin and a serotonin imbalance or deficiency as the singular cause of depression because for those of you who don't know that is ridiculously reductionistic and it is absolutely not true we know that we know that with certainty now you know the the whole serotonin hypothesis of depression came about not because researchers identified serotonin deficits in the brain that entire concept came from the observation that medications that modulate serotonin activity or inhibit its reuptake into neurons those medications ssris other types of anti-depressants those medications can reduce the symptoms of depression in some people that was just a purely serendipitous finding it was Serendipity the first anti-depressant was actually a tuberculosis treatment they were giving it to patients on a tuberculosis Ward and an astute infectious disease doctor noticed some of these patients are really depressed but when I give them this tuberculosis treatment they perk up like within a few weeks they start looking a lot less depressed and I don't think it's a coincidence I think it's the medication I'm giving them do you recall what the drug was aoide it's the first MAO inhibitor and um I could be saying the name wrong but uh it's first MAO inhibitor and uh that became the first anti-depressant which makes sense uh MAO inhibitors inhib of the enzymes that break down or let's just speak about these enzymes broadly either I think most anti-depressant drugs or treatments for ADHD typical prescription treatments uh either reduce the breakdown of neuromodulators like serotonin dopamine acetylcholine depending on which one we're talking about or they um they reduce the reuptake so that there's just more neurom modulator around for longer yes tell us about mitochondria in the framework of mental health so most people know mitochondria as the PowerHouse of the cell if if if they know that it at all so these tiny little organel and the PowerHouse of the cell reference means that mitochondria take the breakdown products of the food that we're eating they are the primary thing using the oxygen that we're breathing in they are creating the carbon dioxide that we're breathing out and that they are turning food into ATP which is the energy currency of the cell so they're taking food and oxygen and lots of other things but let's just simplify food and oxygen converting it into ATP and that is what the PowerHouse of the cell kind of refers to there is no doubt they do that there is no doubt that when that process stops humans have about six minutes or so and then we're dead that process is critical to life there is no other process in the body that you can disrupt that will kill the organism faster it is Central to living organisms this production of ATP so I don't at all mean to take away or minimize that function but research over the last 25 years has completely upended that simplistic notion of what mitochondria are doing they are actually doing so much more some people have created the reference that MIT are like the workers inside a cell that in order for a cell to work you need a Workforce because there's so much that needs to be done signals need to be sent thing like all this work all of these different things need to be functioning and mitochondria are absolutely providing the energy for those things to happen but they're also orchestrating a lot of it so for example they play a direct role in in converting food into some of the substrates for the production of neurotransmitters um but they also go further they store like some neurotransmitters like Gaba within themselves and that plays a role in gaba's release from a neuron they actually go to the cell membrane and move along the membrane dispensing vesicles of neuro transmitters and when you take the mitochondria away from the synapse but provide that synapse with ATP vesicles don't get released neurotransmitters aren't getting released the mitochondria are doing more we don't exactly know what but they're doing more than just providing the energy they they play a role in turning inflammation and immune cell both on and off they help start the process but they also help coordinate the cessation of process they play an instrumental role in both the first and the last step in the synthesis of cortisol and they play a role in the first step in the synthesis of all of the steroid hormones which include estrogen testosterone progesterone so that if you have disregulation of cortisol or if you have disregulation of testosterone or estrogen or progesterone you must understand the role of mitochondria in that disregulation because they are critical in the production and release of these hormones they are the primary regulator epigenetics so epigenetics are the expression of genes from the cell nucleus and researchers have long known that that's related to levels of reactive oxygen species it's related to levels of calcium it's related to other cell signals those cell signals are mostly originating within mitochondria during the development of any cell mitochondria they are like a universe unto themselves and there's so much we don't know about them but what what researchers have found is that mondria actually line up literally line up in an organized fashion around the cell nucleus and take on different confirmations and that is somehow sending signals to the Gen to result in the expression or the suppression of different genes from the nucleus and that when researchers take these mitochondria and like mess them up or something the cell does develop normally you know they've been implicated in all of the phases of the human stress response to psychological stress so that includes cortisol release noradrenaline release it includes inflammation and it includes epigenetic changes so those are kind of the four buckets of the human stress response cortisol adrenaline inflammation and epigenetic changes and researchers actually manipulated mitochondrial genes two genes in the cell nucleus that control for mitochondrial proteins and two genes in mitochondria themselves and by manipulating these four different genes one at a time in mice they could impact all of the four aspects of the stress response and so what that means is that mitochondria are somehow involved in regulating the human stress response and so the way that I think about it is that and the way that many researchers actually think about it now is that mitochondria you know there are hundreds sometimes thousands of them in our cells in each of our cells most neurons have thousands of mitochondria the mitochondria are actually moving around they use the cytoskeleton to move around the cell they fuse with each other they it's called mitochondrial Dynamics they like change shape they do all sorts of things and again that impacts all of these signaling processes but that's just within one little cell so you can think of one cell is like almost a village of mitochondria that they're all just doing different things things and working together to help that cell function but in fact when you think about hormones like cortisol you can think about it as a way for mitochondria in one cell to produce cortisol that they can get sent to mitochondria in another cell to to make that other cell do something to either increase its activity or decrease its activity some people actually think about human cells as just a network of mitoch all kind of the mitochondria throughout the body and brain are just doing all sorts of things and at the end of the day we come back to just common sense at the end of the day it's about helping the organism adapt and survive ultimately organisms rule number one they need to survive rule number two they need to reproduce and rule number three they need to adapt and mitochondria are playing a foundational role in all of those basic aspects of organismal survival and again to some people that well that's so high level that's like well you're saying it's everything I'm like yeah it kind of is and mental health falls under it how could we think about mental health without thinking about the big picture like let's start with the big picture and then let's put Health into it and let's put the lack of adaptation or the lack of survival or the um these other things I'd like to take a quick break and thank our sponsor ag1 ag1 is an all-in-one vitamin mineral probiotic drink with adaptogens I've been taking ag1 daily since 2012 so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring this podcast the reason I started taking ag1 and the reason I still take ag1 is because it is the highest quality and most post complete foundational nutritional supplement what that means is that ag1 ensures that you're getting all the necessary vitamins minerals and other micronutrients to form a strong foundation for your daily Health ag1 also has probiotics and prebiotics that support a healthy gut microbiome your gut microbiome consists of trillions of microorganisms that line your digestive tract and impact things such as your immune system status your metabolic Health your hormone health and much more so I've consistently found that when I take ag1 daily my digestion is improved my immune system is more robust and my mood and mental focus are at their best in fact if I could take Just One supplement that supplement would be ag1 if you'd like to try ag1 you can go to drink a1.com huberman to claim a special offer they'll give you five free travel packs plus a year supply of vitamin D3 K2 with your order of ag1 again go to drink a1.com huberman to claim this special offer today's episode is also brought To Us by eight sleep eight sleep Mak smart mattress covers with cooling Heating and sleep tracking capacity now I've spoken before on this podcast about the critical need for us to get adequate amounts of quality sleep each and every night now one of the best ways to ensure a great night's sleep is to ensure that the temperature of your sleeping environment is correct and that's because in order to fall and stay deeply asleep your body temperature actually has to drop about 1 to 3° and in order to wake up feeling refreshed and energized your body temperature actually has to increase by about 1 to 3° eight sleep automatically regul regulates the temperature of your bed throughout the night according to your unique needs now I find that extremely useful because I like to make the bed really cool at the beginning of the night even colder in the middle of the night and warm as I wake up that's what gives me the most slow wave sleep and rapid eye movement sleep and I know that because eight sleep has a great sleep tracker that tells me how well I've slept and the types of sleep that I'm getting throughout the night I've been sleeping on an eights Sleep mattress cover for 4 years now and it has completely transformed and improved the quality of my sleep their latest model the Pod 4 ultra also has snoring detection that will automatically lift your head a few degrees in order to improve your air flow and stop you from snoring if you decide to try eight sleep you have 30 days to try it at home and you can return it if you don't like it no questions asked but I'm sure that you'll love it go to 8sleep.com huberman to save up to $350 off your pod 4 ultra eight sleep ships to many countries worldwide including Mexico and the UAE again that's 8sleep.com huberman to save up to $350 off your pod 4 ultra what are some of the things that we know can improve mitochondrial health either number function or otherwise and maybe we can talk about the basics first and get a little bit granular if you could about you know what are the prescriptions for keeping your mitochondrial healthy or improving your mitochondrial number and improving their function and then uh we can transition from there to the more let's just say um uh the more advanced ways of doing doing that um is there a role for supplementation is there a role for drugs is there uh you know these days well I hear about urethan a I um because I'm a little bit of an adventure these days I um and I'm turning 50 later this year I decide to experiment with a peptide that is uh sr31 which is specifically to improve mitochondrial function I'm doing this with the full understanding it may do nothing or it may kill me I don't know but we'll find out but um someone had to do it and and I'm a one variable at a time kind of guy um so it was important for me to stay with my current regimen and only change that do blood work etc because a lot of people some people out there are more um in the mode of trying to do a bunch of things and and I don't think that's as helpful to me it's also just not not it's not in keeping with my S scientist one scientist that is great that's right I'm monogamous with respect to variables right so what can we do at a basic level to keep and improve our mitochondrial number and function and if we have to hit on some of the usual suspects fine but if you could tell us how how we can do this so I'm really going to start with the basics and they're going to sound cliche and they're going to sound too basic to most people and I just want to set the stage for even for severe mental illness we can talk about strategies that will work and these strategies that I'm going to describe are not really appropriate like when when somebody becomes severely ill these strategies May may not be sufficient but the basics are what we call the field of Lifestyle medicine so there are six pillars of Lifestyle medicine they include diet nutrition exercise or movement sleep managing substance use ideally reducing it or minimizing it or eliminating it stress reduction practices mindfulness meditation yoga and the last one is relationships I throw in the word purpose into relationships because I think even if you don't have a lot of friends or family you can still have a very full thriving life if you have a purpose so those are the six pillars unfortunately this is where the cliches and the worthless advice begin especially in the diet nutrition camp because people will say eat more plants eat some broccoli have some good blueberries blueberries have antioxidants have some blueberries on whatever else you're eating and everything will be fine if you just add a couple of servings of blueberries a week you'll improve your health brain food and that it is such worthless advice it is not at all that simple and so so I think diet nutrition gets complicated fast the other things are actually pretty straightforward should you move your body yes should you stress your body intermittently allowing for full recovery yes that's what most people call exercise and what are you doing when you exercise you're actually if we look at like the muscles for example muscle tissue what exactly does exercise do whether it's isometric exercise to increase the size of the muscle or whether it's endurance capacity which actually does not change the size of the muscle at all um but allows for somebody to run longer faster harder so marathon runners for example can be quite thin you can look at a marathon runner and think you're not even an athlete they don't look all that different yet they can run sometimes 100 miles and what makes their muscles different than my muscles cuz I can't run 100 miles me either what makes their muscles different than mine even if the size isn't different there is one and only one thing that makes their muscles different and it's called mitochondria the number the number of mitochondria and and almost certainly the health of mitochondria you can actually take a biopsy of their muscle and you will see a much higher density of mitochondria in their muscle tissue than you will in mine if you actually then did a a a more thorough assessment of ATP capacity they their muscles or their mitochondria would be much healthier than mine they their mitochondria would have greater capacity for ATP production than my mitochondria would um so that's exercise there are lots of things you can do with exercise for people who don't exercise at all yes get out and just walk just do something maybe get some sunlight in morning while you're while you're at it um that sounds like a good idea uh the substance use um it's obvious it's the thing you've been talking about it I've been talking about substances deplete mitochondria I've been very interested in this um I'm a big lover of certain genres of music and um whenever topic of music comes up the name Rick Rubin comes up because he's been on this podcast twice the the famous Rick Rubin amazing producer and I'm blessed to have as a close friend and I often ask Rick I'm like why are so many of these folks in the in music dead there seems to be a history of people who did um stimulants it took a lot of stimulants cocaine and amphetamine in particular um musicians that did that in the 70s and 80s and 90s seemed to drop dead of heart attacks later when they were not currently using as far as we know those stimulants is it is it the case that stimulants like cocaine and amphetamine deplete cells of mitochondria do we do we know that to be true we do know and it's slightly more complex story so it's all about the dose um so stimulants are used to treat ADHD and we know that people we've known for decades people who have ADHD who have symptoms of ADHD have glucose hypom metabolism in their brains so their brains are not producing enough ATP from glucose what is one way to increase that dopamine dopamine will increase that so you can give people stimulants to improve their brain metabolism enough so that they now no longer have symptoms or at least have a reduction in their symptoms that story is unequivocally true we have lots of animal data human neuroimaging data clinical research studies documenting appropriate doses of stimulants so that's usually loish doses can improve brain metabolism and what that means is that it's they're actually stimulating mitochondria to produce more ATP however metabolism is all about balance you can underdo it and you can overdo it and when you overdo it what happens is that if you hypers stimulate mitochondria with high doses of stimulants the mitochondria are essentially running on all cylinders and electrons start leaking out of the electron transport chain and what happens is that that creates reactive oxygen species which then damage the mitochondria themselves and damage other aspects of the cell and it can lead to Chronic mitochondrial disfunction chronic metabolic dysfunction it's challenging with stimulants because people are looking for a yes or no answer so Dr Palmer do you think stimulant are good or bad I don't have an answer to that it depends on the person it depends on the dose of stimulants it depends on the type of stimulant it depends on what impact it's having on that person um but we need to open our minds to the possibility that yes maybe some people do benefit from stimulants and maybe at the same time other people are harmed in catastrophic Ways by stimulants um and it it can all be linked through mitochondrial mechanisms it can certainly be linked through dopamine but again we have to ask well what is that dopamine doing to to the target cells that when dopamine gets released and connects with the dopamine receptor what happens to that Target cell it changes the metabolism of that Target cell it increases the activity of that Target cell so stimulants are one back to this bigger kind of Lifestyle medicine picture stimulants are definitely one hyos stimulants very harmful to human health what are some others alcohol we've known since the 1960s in the 1960s researchers were trying to figure out how the hell does alcohol cause therosis we knew that we've known that we've known that for a long time alcoholics develop liver failure they develop therosis of the liver and they can die from it how exactly does that happen in the 1960s researchers figured out it's mitochondial tox toxicity interesting in the liver cells that is what's making the liver cells die that alcohol gets converted into this molecule called acid alahh which is very toxic to lots of cell parts but in particular to mitochondria mitochondria are processing this Alcohol and Other enzymes and kind of other things are trying to detoxify the alcohol but at the end of the day mitochondrial toxicity seems to be a clear route so when you know when I was doing research on mitochondria for the book it I there was an over there were over 10,000 published research articles of alcohol and mitochondria and I was initially shocked by that and I wondered like what's that about like how that's that's how I know this 1960s story and everything else is because researchers been looking at how how is it that alcohol can be so toxic and the two organs that are most effective are the liver because that's the primary organ trying to detoxify it and then the brain and why the brain because the brain is highly sensitive to disruption other substances of abuse tobacco the carcinogens in tobacco so not nicotine per se do we know if nicotine is depleting mitochondria nicotine is a stimulant for mitochondria so again similar story low doses can be great high doses May in fact be toxic oh good you've got to get you gotta you got to find the right balance not a big nicotine guy but lately I've started uh chewing half of a piece of nicotine gum a few times a week um so 2 milligrams to four milligrams which is very low dose um couple couple of I would say maybe three four days a week I'll do that and um I'm doing it specifically for brain health reasons and I have no relationship to any nicotine pouch or gum or anything like that so I want to be really like company um so I'm doing a little experiment and uh you know it's it's interesting stimulant because it relaxes you a little bit too but I wouldn't want kids to start doing this or people in their 20s or 30s like I said I'm approaching the fifth floor I'm going to be 50 in September and um I want to do everything I can to hold on the neurons I've got so I think low-level stimulation of perhaps the mitochondria and other um certainly the stoline system with nicotine it's a good idea but what I see is a lot of people who are taking these pouches that range from anywhere from 3 milligrams On The Low End uh Dose side all the way up to eight milligrams and it is very habit forming people start with one pouch or two pouches a day and pretty soon they're doing a canister every day or two so even the cost starts to be a big deal but it's it's pretty incredible was on the Berkeley campus and I went to a little convenience store near the Berkeley campus recently this kid came in and we started chatting a podcast fan we were chatting and he was there to buy uh nicotine pouches I said how many of those do you go through a week he's like seven or eight I was like really was engineering student but in my years in college it was always just you know some coffee or something yeah some coffee we didn't really have stick with coffee for the young for Young Folks yeah for the young little a little bit of coffee it's about it's about dose and it's about look so most things that enhance metabolism quickly can be addictive and I think that's the challenge for a lot of people is that you get that energy right away at some point you acclimate to that substance somewhat and then you want more you want same increase that you got before um so it's just important to kind of be mindful that you can overstimulate metabolism mitochondrial function and then you start depleting mitochondria and and and then yeah and then you actually the mitochondria begin producing more more reactive oxygen species which ends up being detrimental so it's like driving your car again if you think about mitochondria like an engine it's like an engine of the of your car when you're driving your car on the highway you don't want to go too slow and you don't want to go too fast acceleration is costly and acceleration is costly right I mean that transmission systems you know create this incredible efficiency of being able to travel at speed uh with more efficiency you know but accelerating is is is is a different thing altogether I mean that's the way that I think about it and so somebody who's addicted to drugs and alcohol for example they're on a roller coaster ride of hyper stimulating their metabolic rate and then trying to suppress that hypers stimulation with sedatives so that they can sleep or calm down and then they're just but they're destroying their metabolic health and does that really play out like and is that you know some will say well Chris that's just one of myriad things that they're doing to their cells sure but does it play out in diseases that we think of as diseases absolutely type two diabetes yes cardiovascular disease 100% like premature mortality yeah um like it there's it's kind of like the elephant in the room that we have just failed to look at because we've been so splintered with no it's biological no it's psychological no it's social it's like it's all of them let's look at the elephant that comprises all of them one of the beautiful things about science is that you isolate variables you can get very reductionist we know that there are these things called mitochondria that they move around I mean these discoveries are are truly incredible that have been made in the last 100 years or so but there's been this um kind of obsession I I think in in the the public discussion around Health that you know around things that are obviously related to the thing that you're trying to cure so serotonin and brain health it's like oh okay makes sense you know the listening to proac what came out you increase serotonin some people are feeling better maybe it's through neuroplasticity maybe it's through effects of Serotonin and but it makes sense serotonin brain right you know it um but if we zoom out from that and we accept because it's true that essentially all cells are dependent on mitochondria for their function why wouldn't we go to this fundamental layer uh first in order to try and improve mental and physical health simultaneously right it's a very different way of approaching medicine in general normally we go okay well the issue is right here that's where the tumor is that's where the circuit deficit is this is where the the lesion is or the growth and we're going to go there right but um to avoid that the pathologic state in the first place uh these six pillars are wonderful by the way a diet exercise sleep substance overuse or abuse stress mitigation and relationship SLP purpose um so we're going to keep returning to this theme of of mitochondria's foundational um throughout today's discussion because I think people need to to frame their health in that context I I really do also um years ago my postto adviser the late Ben Baris he died unfortunately pancreatic cancer but just seeing incredible scientist um MD and uh scientist who really popularized the the study of glea prior to that they were seeing this kind of like backw science no one everyone thought it was just glue for the brain he used to uh stop us in the hallways late at night and he used to we called it getting bend because you'd want to leave and he would like he was a night owl it was awful and you get stuck there but I'll never forget he stopped me he called me Andy and he said he did this numerous times but he said Andy why no one calls me that by the way anymore um he said Andy why is it that as we get older we have less energy and I'm like I don't know Ben he's like someone needs to he's like why don't you work on that why are you working on these retinal cells like you you should work on that and he said why is it that we that our brain is less plastic like well I don't know I think it's the Gia right and there is some evidence that it has something to do with the Gia um among other things but there's a fundamentally interesting question you look at kids and they're just full of energy and we there's the NAD hypothesis and there's these other but it always seems to Circle back to mitochondria yes over and over so I think the answer is very clear it's it's we have a ton of mitochondria early in life and over time it gets depleted is it that simple I mean there are other things too there are other things but I I actually do think that's a it's not just the the number and density of mitochondria but it's the health of mitochondria because unfortunately you know our cells have a process for getting rid of defective mitochondria um it's part of autophagy there's a sub kind of category called mitophagy in which defective mitochondria should be shuttled to lomes or shuttled out of cells recent paper actually found that microa in the brain again send out these nanot tunnels to asites and collect defective mitochondria from the neuron amazing and then take care of the disposal process for that neuron we are so cool and that when you inhibit that it appears to increase and accelerate neurod degeneration and when you enhance that it appears to improve um or reduce neurod degeneration but I think it is I think children have more energy because they have healthier metabolism healthier mitochondrial function and when we look at like again like is there evidence for that there's overwhelming evidence for that there are thousands of peer-reviewed published articles in leading journals nature cell all sorts of journals over the last several decades just to again try to bring this back to just common sense so we have these things called diseases of Aging what are are the diseases of Aging the diseases of Aging are obesity type 2 diabetes cardiovascular disease cancer neurodegenerative disorders those are universally thought of as diseases of Aging interestingly what often gets left off of that category are the mental disorders especially today a lot of people think mental disorders as primarily a youth problem but in fact mental disorders depression anxiety psychosis are actually diseases of Aging so the Center for Disease Control has put out kind of charts of any age group we what is the probability if you are you know a youth in America today that you will be prescribed an anti-depressant an SSRI anti-depressant if you're between 20 and 40 what's the probability among the remaining people who are still 20 to 40 among all the people that age as people get older the risk for anti-depressant prescription goes up the highest Cate category of people prescribed anti-depressants are 65 and older really well I guess uh some sound that make sense although I would have thought it would be the younger population most people do and that's why I'm saying this because it's shocking to most people it was actually surprising to me but I'm I was thinking wait if my theory is correct then mental disorder should be a disease of aging and in fact they are antis psychotic prescriptions what age group is the most like to be prescribed an Antico over AG 80 really oh it goes through the roof because dementia is associated with 40 to 50% of the people with dementia will have psychotic symptoms hallucinations and delusions um they'll have agitation the benzo diazines the prescription rate goes up now with them with benzos there there is a dip start at age 65 and that is really because Physicians are explicitly told do not prescribe benzos to people over 65 so the rate starts going down but with anti-depressants it's almost linear the older you are the more likely you are to be receiving a prescription for an anti-depressant anticho discs there are some waves and shifts women for example around the time of menopause get a peak so you get a peak around the age of 20 which is new onset schizophrenia and then it kind of comes down a little and then women round time menopause higher Peak and then it kind of comes down a little and then lateen life goes through the roof goes through the roof again because of what we call dementia so the diseases of Aging anyway are all of the metabolic disorders and oh by the way the mental disorders and in my mind we need to tie that together that is not a serotonin problem right we need to tie that science together and the only way to tie that science together is to look at the bigger picture that we call metabolism and ultimately you have to look at mitochondria and mitochondrial biology to understand it I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge one of our sponsors function last year I became a function member after searching for the most comprehensive approach to lab testing function provides over 100 Advanced lab tests that give you a key snapshot of your entire bodily Health this snapshot offers you with insights on your heart health Hormone Health immune functioning nutrient levels and much more they've also recently added tests for toxins such as BPA exposure from harmful Plastics and tests for P fases or forever chemicals function not only provides testing of over a 100 biomarkers key to your physical and mental health but it also analyzes these results and provides insights from Top Doctors who are expert in the relevant areas for example in one of my first tests with function I learned that I had elevated levels of mercury in my blood function not only helped me detect that but offered insights into how best to reduce my mercury levels which included limiting my tuna consumption I've been eating a lot of tuna while also making an effort to eat more leafy greens and supplementing with Knack and acetylcysteine both of which can support glutathione production and detoxification and I should say by taking a second function test that approach works comprehensive blood testing is vitally important there's so many things related to your mental and physical health that can only be detected in a blood test the problem is blood testing has always been very expensive and complicated in contrast I've been super impressed by function Simplicity and at the level of cost it is very affordable as a consequence I decided to join their scientific Advisory Board and I'm thrilled that they're sponsoring the podcast if you'd like to try function you can go to function health.com huberman function currently has a weight list of over 50,000 people but they're offering Early Access to huberman podcast listeners again that's function health.com huberman to get early access to function let's talk about diet and nutrition for a moment um in recent years you've talked a lot about the clinical use of the ketogenic diet for various mental health disorders and cited some spectacular results um and this has had a huge impact on everybody's thinking about what ketogenic diets originally were for it was developed as a medical treatment for epilepsy is my understanding only later did it become uh popular as a potential Avenue for losing body fat Etc but what are some of the ways that people can use diet and nutrition to improve metabolic Health generally but let's be more specific mitochondrial Health number turnover all the good stuff that happens in mitochondria um how can nutrition be used um to improve that and why would it be that the ketogenic diet would improve mitochondrial function or is it that the ketogenic diet bypasses the need for standard cellular metabolism by um pulling on some other cellular metab metabolism um uh mechanisms I'm I'm just trying to draw the link here between uh ketogenic diet and mitochondria because we've you've well established that mitochondria are Central to this whole picture of mental and physical health I'll throw in a plug before before I go deep into the um ketogenic diet story but you you also threw a question in there about other dietary interventions or how can diet impact there is no question diet plays a profound profound and Central role to human metabolism and all of the consequences of human metabolism and you very eloquently laid out the case for early life a woman who's breastfeeding her infant that breast milk has a profound impact on whether that baby's brain develops normally or not that has dire consequences potentially for the outcome in the health of that child and it's all about nutrition we've known that for decades that if women are malnourished during pregnancy it impacts that infant the the the fetus's lifespan really it increases risk for mental disorders and metabolic disorders increases risk if if your mother is starving while she's pregnant or has to fast or has to go without nutrients it increases that child's risk for metabolic disorders obesity diabetes cardiovascular disease um we've known that and that is um you know there are lots of theories about obesity around that it also surprisingly increases risk for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and antisocial personality disorder and all sorts of other mental disorders in terms of other dietary patterns I I just want to and we can do a deep dive into any of these you want and then I'll go on to ketogenic diets but Ultra processed foods really bad for your physical health and your mental health we have just growing body of evidence for that is that because of The increased calorie consumption there's this really nice paper that was published a few years ago showing that people who um eat above a certain threshold of processed foods tend to consume on average about 500 calories more than they require per day which might not seem like much um but over time that compounds and they gain a lot of adapost tissue and and then the adapost tissue is secreting a lot of things into the bloodstream that make the whole situation even worse both brain and bodily um but aside from the caloric load I mean is there any evidence that these food dyes and other things that are included in these foods are are detrimental to mitochondrial Health this is a somewhat controversial thing these days because some of these dies were banned recently which I saw as a good thing but then some of the die hards in the scientific Community like oh those dosages are represent like 6,000 fold what you'd have to what most people eat you know the dosages used in mice but but the FDA still pulled the dies and the FDA is a pretty conservative body um so I don't know it I not every chemical is bad of course um but are these additives really that bad so to try to answer your question are the chemicals and additives harmful the real answer is we don't actually have adequate scientific evidence one way or another and why don't we have adequate scientific evidence because we're not spending money to research it so right now the the rules to this day are that um you know there's this concept called grass General regarded as safe that food companies can develop new molecules that will preserve a food make a food hyper palatable make it tastier make it more shelf stable whatever whatever they want to claim it does that they can develop molecules they can put these molecules into our food and they can get away with just saying well this is just general regarded as safe without any adequate safety testing whatsoever and the FDA allows that now the new new Administration RFK Jr just ly said he's going to try to change that rule and I welcome that change I think that will be a phenomenal change but the re so the reality is that testing hasn't been done on all of these molecules there are tens of thousands of molecules and like new chemicals new additives things that sometimes aren't even on the label that are added to food and we really don't know for sure for each and every one of them whether this one is safe or not safe what we do know overall and this unfortunately comes down to epidemiological studies where they just look at hundreds of thousands if not millions of people and they assess like how much Ultra processed food is this person eating and is that Associated if we look at large populations of people and we stratify them by the these these people are eating Mo mostly Ultra processed foods and these people are hardly eating any are there differences in their health outcomes and the answer to that is unequivocal and it is perfectly clear the more Ultra processed foods you eat the worse your physical and mental health both its cardiovascular disease its obesity its diabetes its mortality it's cancer it's also a broad range of disorders and so we know that we we've got more granular data that's hyper focuses on the mental health story you know one study over 300,000 people the more Ultra processed foods you eat a direct linear relationship it was shocking how linear it was the more Ultra processed foods you eat the worse your mental health and it was so striking it was not a subtle difference it wasn't like you know oh it was a 3% difference between the lowest it was a threefold difference wow the people who consumed Ultra processed foods every day multiple times day 58% of them had poor mental health compared to only 18% of the people who rarely or never consumed Ultra processed foods wow so this would be even just like somebody has like a bag of chips and some um you know just pour in water type pre-made soup or something like that uh those are ultr processed um this would be somebody orders a sandwich at the deli for lunch which can be done in a relatively healthy way depending on what's in that sandwich um and then does soda and bag of chips on the side like I mean you're that's a lot of in my opinion highly processed food but people I think sometimes people don't think of it that way yes one of I was um surprised and somewhat delighted to learn that one of the ways that um the you know the public health uh folks uh got kids to smoke fewer cigarettes because when I was growing up like smoking was cool like you smoke cigarette it was cool people thought it was cool definitely is reinforcing because of the nicotine the dopamine increases um and it was considered cool um you had your like maror man image from the preceding decades but then it was really the the uh the 9s kind of um it was the actors and models and stuff that made it cool like people smoked and it was supposed to be cool and one of the ways that um we ended up with people smoking far less was not just to ban it on campuses because that just makes teens want to do it more right in college you want to do it more um was to have these commercials of these um it was all to be direct it was just like these um rich white guys in a room that was portraying like the boardroom of a tobacco company and they were like cackling and talking about like haahha they think we're going to they don't think it causes cancer and this kind of thing basically pitting youth against adults so that the youth felt like their money was being taken by the by The Establishment so is there a world where you know kids are going to be like like you know forgive me but you know like f that I'm not eating Doritos you know like I'm not going to be manipulated by highly processed foods or I'm going to hold on to my mental health by making healthy choices in terms of food It's Tricky but it has a lot of the same parallels to cigarette use or alcohol use but I feel like the only way to really get Americans to change their behavior besides scaring them fundamentally but even if you do that is to incentivize it and one of the best incentives historically for public health change has been to pit the make the public feel like they're pitted against the people that are trying to take their money unfairly and make them unhealthy at the same time you got to activate that kind of rebellious Spirit uh-uh not going to do it just telling people is bad for you doesn't work right we know that how do we incentivize people yeah I'm not going to give a cliche answer because this is the trillion dollar question that everybody's asking and and it it really you know the the health of our country really kind of depends on it with billions of dollars that this industry has in Revenue annually they can spend a lot of that money on really impactful marketing campaigns getting people to believe that it's not it's not as unhealthy as Chris Palmer and Andrew huberman are saying it's fine everybody deserves a treat within the last couple of weeks the American Heart Association was actively lobbying against a Texas bill that was trying to restrict spending food stamp money on junk food I saw that clip it's so disturbing to see someone from the American Heart Association actively lobbying to keep tax dollars directed towards including sugary soda not even diet soda but sugary soda in uh lunches and and food for people who are uh low income and he went on record as saying this junk food this Ultra processed food is not the root cause of obesity or diabetes or any of these health conditions which is an absolute abject lie and when you have supposedly respected organizations being bought by industry promoting misinformation I it's really hard you know everybody's all upset that like oh people don't trust the science they're not respecting the respected organizations well the respected organizations need to step up and start behaving in a respectable manner they need to stop the American Heart Association should not be taking a dime from any industry that plays a role in heart disease like they it would be like it would be like the American Heart Association taking money from tobacco companies and then coming out and say smoking doesn't really cause heart disease people everybody calm down there there there's still a lot that we don't know we need more research we need more research smoking doesn't cause heart disease people this is just scare mongering this is just paranoid conspiracy theories that is exactly what's happening now they're taking money from food companies that have no vested interest in the human in the health of the population that they are feeding they know perfectly well that these foods are highly palatable um and what does that mean it means addictive and again if I was selling food I would want people to be addicted to the food I was selling why because you sell more higher margins if you sell food that people aren't addicted to they'll just move on to the other food that is addictive and and then you'll be out of business so it's not an easy problem to solve I don't mean to imply it's easy because if if one or two companies steps up and does the right thing they'll just go out of business well I feel like the the smoking parallel is is critical and maybe the trans fat um the history of of entire cities Banning the use of trans fats for instance or the use of a styrofoam containers right it's very different very different issue it doesn't directly get to human health of the styrofoams not good but it's about it's about waste and and um environment but I feel like there has to be a top- down ban and Americans also don't like bans right we don't we don't like things we like choice but we don't like the consequences of those of choice and then we want people to fix the consequences of those choices um with treatments that don't have side effects and then this is like kind of the cycle that that I've observed in my lifetime over and over again you know I think it's the Rebellion piece it's when people realize they're being manipulated once people realize they're being manipulated I feel like that's when they're willing to intervene uh and stop otherwise reinforcing activity reinforced addictive activity save money and like take a different direction like that's that's inherent to the American Spirit as much as we love freedom we also we have this like no you're not going to you're not going to do this to me kind of Spirit we see it everywhere this is my belief but then again I was kind of a rebellious team but but if it's in service to health I'm I'm hopeful I mean my my understanding by no means am I an expert but my understanding of what really drove the reduction and tobacco use was the taxes and the ban on Advertising the ban on television advertisements interesting that that when you get rid of the advertisements you're no longer tempting people with it um you're no longer able to spread misinformation um and when you make the product so expensive people just even if they want to try it even if they're already addicted to try already addicted to it now they are highly motivated to get off of it why because it's costing them an arm and a leg Yeah money hurts and and they and they realize that I I just don't want this we could do similar things with ultra processed foods if Rebellion education whatever I I don't care what works but all of the above we're we're we're really fighting an uphill battle so Ultra process food that's just one story vitamin nutrient deficiencies do you want to go to ketogenic diet you asked me about that and I got sidetracked yeah we went into a public health discourse we're weaving back and forth that's what we do here I think it's I look it's very timely right I don't care if you're the staunchest Democrat or the staunchest Republican or somewhere in between like these issues affect everybody and um anyone who just wants to view Maha as a republican thing it's fine that I'm I'm not affiliated with Maha I I am in favor of improved Public Health from whatever angles that can meaningfully be done um so tell us about ketogenic diet and then I'd like to ask about things that we can do to improve mitochondrial function in these other bins but does ketogenic diet improve mitochondrial function and if so H how does that work The quick summary story for people who don't know ketogenic so ketogenic diet is a 100-year-old evidence-based treatment for epilepsy it can stop seizures even when medications fail to we have um over a dozen controlled Trials of ketogenic diets in children in particular with treatment resistant epilepsy we have two Cochran reviews that came out positive so Cochran reviews are the gold standard in the medical field for metaanalyses um very rigorous and they analyzed the data that exists and came to the conclusion that ketogenic diet if somebody has treatment resistant epilepsy compared to treatment as usual which is try another anti-epileptic medication the ketogenic diet is six times more likely to result in seizure Freedom wow than just trying yet another epilepsy pill so the ketogenic diet is a powerful anti-convulsant treatment we use anti-convulsant treatments in Psychiatry every day in tens of millions of people lots of these medications are used so um so at this point we now have over 50 published pilot trials case series case reports other lines of evidence of the ketogenic diet for psychiatric disorders um schizophrenia bipolar disorder depression anxiety anorexia or neosa surprisingly um these 50 reports represent over 1,900 people and on balance the ketogenic diet appears to be an effective treatment sometimes an extraordinarily effective treatment like in able to induce remission of schizophrenia or bipolar um in people who otherwise had treatment resistant disorders and they're going off medication simultaneously some of them are um so there are you know I have heard probably from thousands of people around the world since my work has become more public and actually our first podcast together hands down the most cited reason people know who I am as they should well I know about you but it's huberman hu that huberman Lab podcast I'm just I'm just a a a uh a runway for people to uh incredible messages to take off thank you again for the opportunity to disseminate this word and because at the end of the day I'm hearing from thousands of people who simply listened to that podcast made changes started a ketogenic diet for their schizophrenia or other treatment resistant mental disorder reach out to me you saved my life I can't tell you how many times I've gotten handwritten notes emails messages from people who use those words you saved my life I never met this person all I did was share this knowledge and then they saved their own lives with knowledge coming back to your question now in a roundabout way does ketogenic diet impact mitochondrial Health we we have strong evidence that it does and um so it appears so the ketogenic diet is mimicking the fasting State and I just want to say that again the ketogenic diet mimics the fasting State what does that mean it means the ketogenic diet is mimicking no food consumption so is the ketogenic diet the healthiest diet that everybody should follow no that's not the way I think about it the ketogenic diet is an intervention it is Shifting metabolism it is Shifting countless kind of systems signaling Pathways other things gene expression in the human body and brain and that results in effect facts and the good news is these effects appear to be lifechanging and life-saving sometime so they're highly beneficial effects um again dose and the way you do it matter because fasting the the extreme version of fasting is starvation and that results in death so that is not at all a good thing so let's make sure that if you're going to do a ketogenic diet or a fasting regimen that you're not depriving yourself of essential nutrition that um you're getting enough calories you're getting enough nutrients that you're doing it in a a medically sound way so that you're optimizing your health and not hurting your health um but we have you know it's it's hard to measure this in humans in v in vitro because we can't like do an intervention to a human and then dissect their brain and like biopsy it and look at the mitochondria under the microscope so we mostly have animal data that supports this but animal data strongly supports that ketogenic interventions improve mitophagy so getting rid of these old and defective mitochondria so you're kind of cleaning house you're getting rid of the bad and then you're replacing them with new fresh ones mitochondrial biogenesis so that at the end of the day the cell will have more healthy mitochondria now some researchers have really hyperfocused on the ketogenic diet might be working through the gut microbiome this gut brain connection and we have some evidence that that is true so researchers actually took feces from human children with epilepsy before starting a ketogenic diet and then afterward while they were stable on a ketogenic diet and then they transferred these FAL samples to mice who were predisposed to epilepsy or predisposed to seizures when they took the feces from the children while the children still had were seizing the mice were more likely to seize when they took the feces from the children doing the ketogenic diet and transferred it to the mice the mice were less likely to have seizures interesting even though the mice were not on ketogenic diets so there's something in the feces of children with epilepsy doing ketogenic diets that result that has an anti-seizure effect what could that something be it could be the gut microbiome but it could be molecules neurotransmitters neuropep other things that those microbes are producing or it could be neuropeptides and other factors that the gut cells are producing so we really don't know for sure what exactly is it so on the surface there's something in the feces there's a gut microbiome a gut brain connection thing what does that have to do with mitochondria so another research group did that same model got mice to have an anti-seizure effect from a ketogenic diet and then dissected their brains looking for what changed in the brain how exactly is a ketogenic diet having an anti-seizure effect in the brain because it that's the pathology the pathological finding seizure is occurring in the brain and when they analyze genetic changes up regulation down regulation it all centered on mitochondria that the changes in the gut were resulting in mitochondrial changes in the brain which means brain energy metabolism in the brain and um so again it's an umbrella Theory doesn't replace what we know it's not gut microbiome or s serotonin it's not gut microbiome or mitochondria it's both both of them are true and it's all interconnected um so I I do think we've got more than enough data that ketogenic therapies impact brain metabolism which then impacts neurotransmitters a really what I hope will become one of many really important Stu studies um published by Ian Campbell and colleagues in the UK that uh they just did a pilot trial 20 patients with bipolar disorder put on ketogenic diets and they found in wide- ranging improvements in metabolic Health biomarkers like weight blood pressure other things but they also found a reduction in brain um glutamate activity which is often associ iated with bipolar disorder and Hyper excitability and seizures um and so that helps us understand again it's not it's not metabolic or glutamate a neurotransmitter it's both it it it it's putting it together yeah the Campbell study is really interesting we we'll link to that in the show note captions and incidentally we will also link to this um American Heart Association appalling uh quote unquote testimony sorry AJ I'm not I'm not sorry I'm not uh not sorry um but then again I'm not a physician so I don't have to worry about that well maybe I do anyway I'm not a cardiologist is there any uh rationale for people who don't have epilepsy or don't suffer from bipolar schizophrenia um but like myself would like to keep our mitochondrial function as as strong as possible and for doing a brief ketogenic intervention yes the answer is yes can intermittent and I'm so I'm going to lump ketogenic with other fasting mimicking diets and fasting itself so can intermittent fasting or can cycles of fasting have health improving qualities or health improving effects absolutely so interestingly before I talk about even some of the science on this and there it's not super robust why because again we don't fund diet studies there's no money to be made from dietary interventions really there's no patent on it nobody cares about dietary interventions but there are a lot of studies on exercise interventions but even those are they're not huge randomized controlled trials with 10,000 participants they're not you know like even the federal government will fund large scale medication trials Statin studies and others but they often don't I mean there have been a few the Women's Health Initiative funded a massive dietary intervention study and unfortunately that was a huge disappointment to the field because it was negative they randomized women to just keep doing the diet you're eating or go on a lowfat diet and the lowfat diet didn't do anything for their heart health or other objective kind of outcome measures and put another way just to just to really close this for people it means a lowfat diet is no better than the standard American diet a lowfat diet is equivalent you get equivalent health effects from a lowfat diet to a standard American diet that's really bad so lowfat diets need to go away and people who promote lowfat diets need to stop promoting they need to get come up to speed with the science and just like move on like at least acknowledge there are healthy fats even though fat has more calories don't worry about those calories worry about the health effects the long-term health effects yeah you got to get those monounsaturated fats and you got to eat your Omega-3s and you have to you know and I'm a Believer in eating some butter here and there you were asking me about intermittent ketogenic or inter intermittent fasting so I'll just say that we have a long history in multiple cultures on Earth for thousands years fasting has been part of healing rituals um India China Christian like fasting has been a part rituals and you know most people just assume it's religious folklore or just silliness or whatever but I actually think Millennia of humans we're not all stupid idiots and that some people along the way actually noticed this seems to do something useful and that's probably why it found its way in every culture and persisted for thousands of years because there was actually something meaningful happening so what we have now in terms of more controlled trials I'm going to site wter Longo who um he doesn't call his diet a ketogenic diet although it is a ketogenic diet he calls his diet a fasting mimicking diet and it's primarily a plant-based 600 calorie a day diet some people are going to hear that and just gas it's it is proprietary to him I have no relationship with him I'm not promoting his product but he has a proprietary product called prolon you can get the benefits by just not eating anything or by eating 600 calories a day I mean you can you don't need to buy that proprietary product but because he is selling this product I believe he's using most or all of the funds that from the most are all of the proceeds from the sale of that to fund research on it they've done a series of studies that uh 5day Cycles several times a year seem to be fine and improve a wide range of Health biomarkers interesting and there's reason to believe that it may help improve metabolic Health and Longevity so he's primarily a longevity aging researcher he is promoting that could ketogenic diets also produce Sim effects I believe they can again it gets really controversial fast because ketogenic diets can sometimes include red meat and then we got the American Heart Association telling us that red meat's bad for you and don't eat that red meat nonsense and uh well that we so then we get these splintering groups and we've got the vegan groups saying that's awful for you and unfortunately it just leaves people confused about like what what are we supposed to do do we eat red meat do we not eat red meat do we like in moderation healthy sources I feel like but in moderation from healthy sources not the processed stuff but you know I I get it people have animal reasons or environmental reasons they don't do it um you know the debate goes on and on I've observed some people who are vegan who seem very healthy very robust um aesthetically they they present well if I'm just going to be direct about it and then I've seen some people who go vegan and and it's the exact opposite and then I've seen um I think the strict carnivore thing seems to work for very few people but the ones who love it really love it but even the folks like Paul saladino who were the so-called you know carnivore diet are now then it became animal- based and it now includes fruits and cucumbers and tomatoes and um some Dairy and you know and so hone you know and honey and um and I like Paul I get along well with Paul I also get along with Lane Norton and the they don't get along um but you know I I think it's it's to each their own within the context of um the correct number of calories for a given person and their activity levels but this idea of doing a per of periodically doing a perhaps a fast along the lines of the longo um uh prolong thing or um or or total fast or water fast I guess it's called or um perhaps intermittent fasting on a on a more um reasonable schedule are there any data on that like eating only between the hours of say 11:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. which is I which is what I happen to do reflexively unless I wake up very hungry which is really rare I don't know why maybe it's function of getting older but is there any evidence that intermittent fasting that doesn't involve entire day and night fasts but more of the you know Tim restricted feeding to eight hours or 6 hours that it can be beneficial for mitochondrial function if it's done for short bouts of two to four weeks my understanding of the literature is that it's a mixed bag when it comes to time restrict eating and intermittent fasting um because more often than not they don't control what people are eating when they're eating oh well that's no good so they just those studies mostly are designed to just say Don't eat only eat between 11:00 a.m. and 7 p.m. and eat whatever you want but it doesn't M like and as though it doesn't matter what they're eating and some people are binging on Ultra processed foods and others are eating like an adult and uh and then you've got everything in between as though that doesn't play a role and and so you get these studies to say it doesn't do anything useful you get other studies that say maybe it does something useful um so I think I mean at the end of the day I will say this you know I'm you know I've been talking a while with a a really seasoned established um EXP ERT in the nutritional space in the conservative nutritional space he's held several government positions he's helped presidents and um others with campaigns and he has made a very strong case to me that you know less than 5% of the research budget from the NIH is spent on nutritional research the NIH has an office called the office of nutritional research focused on or organizing collaborations among different NIH institutes and centers and their annual budget for a major government organization their annual budget is 1.3 million with an M dollars my goodness that's that's which is a joke it is a laugh joke can't do much with that and without trying to make this political there have been people who have tried to increase the funding for nutrition research recently was proposed to increase that funding to $13 million and it was cut that idea was killed by the lobbyists of the food companies I'm going to get really vocal about this lobbying through the American Heart Association thing because I was just shocked right for all the obvious reasons American Heart Association you assume that they are all about healthy hearts and we know metabolism is and um healthy weight and activity and all that is healthy for hearts and it it was so clear that they were on the take from these food companies and that's why they send even just the timing and the delivery again I'll post to the link because it's just like jaw-dropping like I can't believe this it's like it's like the old commercials of the people from the cigarette industry saying yeah the cigarettes don't cause cancer and you they know it does and and we're just this is happening now in real time and um this conversation will certainly assist in and drawing attention to this I'll probably do a social media post on it as well but there's this this thing that happens in medicine and public health where the thing that's so obviously the problem is like it's not even staring Us in the face it's like slapping Us in the face and we take 20 to 30 years relying largely on um messaging through Hollywood kind What actors are doing what athletes are doing then people are like oh yeah maybe this is a thing and then think the battleship just SL like eventually just pivots but there's been Decades of horrible Misfortune and loss in mental health and physical health people thinking that there's something wrong with them or you know um etc etc I mean it's it's it's asinine it's crazy and so I'm excited about Maha even though I don't have any affiliation to it because it it's it's the first time time in my lifetime that anyone said like hey let's actually just talk about and think about how to really get healthy what do we know right now and so I'm I'm not a political person but I think it's really important um that we get focused on what's literally slapping us right in the face with like this is absurd for forgive me for editorializing here but we keep coming back to this we know what what we need to do we know what we need to do but yeah we have not had the political will to do it I think the hope is that one hopefully of many good things that could come out of Maha is separating industry interests from the Health and Welfare of the American population I think if we can do that and we can begin doing unbiased research to really determine what is it about Ultra processed foods that results in harm we know they result in harm is it just that they're so delicious that people consume extra calories and it's still just as simple as calories or is it that there's something in those chemicals that makes the foods addictive or is it that there's something in those chemicals that actually impairs mitochondrial function I think we have evidence to support all three of those hypotheses do people consume extra calories yes you cited one of now many studies documenting that are they addictive yes unequivocally they are um I mean the most common eating disorder diagnosed today in the United States is called binge eating disorder what what are the criteria for binge eating disorder it's basically addiction to Ultra Foods is is really if you look at the criteria and if you look at the behaviors when people engage in binges they're not binging on steak and broccoli ever like never never are they binging on steak and broccoli they're binging almost exclusively on Ultra processed foods and then they go through these Cycles where they binge on them and then they beat themselves up and they feel disgusting and they're they're ashamed and they're humiliated and and then they try their they White Knuckle it to avoid those foods and then something bad happens in their life they get stressed somebody cuts them off in traffic they've had a hard day at work their boss came down on them whatever and and then they go home and they're like you know screw it I hate my life I hate myself I don't Health doesn't even matter for me addic cycle and I may as well just enjoy myself and just like an alcoholic would just like a cocaine addict would um it's not that people are using every single day you know they go through cycles and um it's really tragic Harvard Medical School just literally two days ago came out with an article is sugar addictive and their conclusion no no because sugar's found in fruit so it can't be addictive I'm like really is that and they they actually they went out of their way to say well you know like it's not like addictive like alcohol and nicotine because people sometimes have trouble stopping those completely and I'm thinking and what do you think is different about sugar unbelievable do you really don't understand that some people can't stop consuming Ultra processed high sugar foods you really don't understand that like are you living in an ivory Tower yes and I'm not but no I'm I'm certainly not not any longer and it's also I think important that the highly processed foods and the palatability and the accessibility and the low cost right we're not talking about eliminating pie and pastries I think sometimes people think oh like I'll never have a muffin again I'll never have a chocolate croissant that's not really what we're talking about we're not talking about a homemade cake we're not talking about cupcakes we're talking about things that are easily purchased at low cost unpackaged eaten in transit what we're doing I I realize is painting this picture of a little bit of the past the recent past but what you do so beautifully is you you're really orienting us where we are now and that the fact that we need more science but we we know an awful lot and there's so much that we can do and these six pillars of you know diet exercise sleep avoiding excessive substance abuse or use or abuse excuse me stress mitigation relationships and purpose um which Center back on mitochondrial Health could we talk about some of the um other things that we can do for mitochondrial health things we can take these days we're hearing a lot about creatine what are the data on Creatine and mitochondrial function or brain function I'm not familiar with these data I should be so creatine is a molecule that is foundational to energy transformation in cells so creat goes into the mitochondria and um there it gets combined with ATP to become phosphocreatine and and then it leaves mitochondrian and goes to places in the cell where energy is needed like a synapse or a ribosome that's trying to make some new proteins or something else it goes to places in the cell where energy is needed and it can be it can combine with ADP to be converted back into ATP so it's basically a phosphate shuttle creatine is a phosphate shuttle that is foundational to energy metabolism it is foundational to function our bodies can produce creatine on their on its own as long we have the essential vitamins and nutrients that make it up and and there are several of those or we can consume Creatine creatine is found only in animal based products animal sourced Foods um it is not found in plant sourced Foods so um what we know is that from because creatine is found in large quantities in the brain so we can actually measure it using mass speec kind of scans and we know that there's a range some people have low levels of creatine and some people have higher levels of creatine people who consume less animal sourced foods like vegans and vegetarians on average tend to have lower levels of creatine in their brain and muscles and other tissues um people with neuros psychiatric disorders schizophrenia Alzheimer's disease depression have been found to have lower levels of creatine than people who do not have those disorders so we have reason to believe that creatine from studies like that that there is an associ ation meaning a correlation between low levels of creatine and brain disorders that we call neurological or psychiatric disorders so the next question logical question from a scientist should be well if we supplement with creatine can that improve symptoms of Neuropsychiatric disorders and we do have evidence to support that not huge randomized controlled trials in tens of thousands of people because again that would require Government funding because creatine is off patent nobody's going to make a lot of money from doing a creatine study because anybody can sell creatine anybody can make it and and Market it it's it's off patent so um but we do have randomized controlled trial data with creatine showing that it can improve symptoms of made major depression it can augment anti-depressants it can improve symptoms of bipolar disorder it can improve symptoms of neurodegenerative disorders like cognition in Alzheimer's disease or mild cognitive impairment but again the studies are on the smaller side they're not super robust quality but unless the government steps up unless the NIH steps up and funds a large well done well controlled randomized controlled trial of creatine versus placebo for any of these conditions the Skeptics and the hardcore scientists are always going to say well we don't have good quality data well we're never going to have good quality data because there's no product that's where we're at as a field do you recommend it to your patients not right away uh you know there's more research coming out um and there's more reason to believe that maybe I should be right recommending it to patients um more often than I currently do uh it certainly lines up with a metabolic kind of mitochondrial improve metabolic Health improve brain health simultaneously It lines up perfectly with that and I just want to remind people before you focus on what to take focus on what you should be doing with your lifestyle what is your diet are you getting adequate sleep are you getting some bright light in the morning are you do you have relationships and purpose in life um uh are you overusing harmful substances because I want to be the first to say if you're not doing those things creatine doesn't stand a chance in hell of helping your health it just does not stand a chance to improve your health there is no supp that you can take that will undo the damage that a a harmful lifestyle will have on you and your health and um and the reality is the statistics are abysmal I mean onethird of American adults are not getting adequate sleep 60% of the foods that Americans are consuming are ultr processed foods you know the real money is not in the question what should I take the real money is in what should I do how can I change my life and my lifestyle to improve my health and um so I just yeah I just want to drill that home for people for better or worse I first learned about methylene Blue from owning fish tanks you clean fish tanks with them or it's a thing you use um now there's a lot of interest in methylene blue ever since a video of Robert Kennedy putting methylene blue in his water on a plane kind of went viral methylene blue has been around a very long time what are your thoughts on it what does it do is it going to help my a condrea is it for everybody I don't take it I don't take it either and I've not used it in any patients so far but I'm very interested in possibly starting to use it um in controlled ways and patients who clearly need something more we're doing all of the right things we're doing the lifestyle thing we doing ketogenic interventions or other things and they still are not well um there's still room for improvement uh so methylene blue as you said has been around for a long time it's relatively cheap um as a as a fish tank cleaner methylene blue fascinatingly is primarily exclusively a mitochondrial agent so it is an electron acceptor and donor so that is what methylene blue does it can accept electrons and it can donate electrons so it's an electron shuttle if you will and how does that relate to mitochondria mitochondria as they are producing ATP electrons are flowing down the electron transport chain and that is what results in the production of ATP if it gets shuttled through the uncoupling protein it results in heat production um and when electrons flow out of that system when they leak out of that system it creates reactive oxygen species which again are very harmful to both mitochondria and cells so if you have dysfunctional mitochondria that don't seem to be able to contain the elect R appropriately electrons are leaking out so these would be mitochondria that are producing more reactive oxygen species than they should does that ever happen in biology 100% we've got Decades of evidence that aging neurod degeneration even obesity type 2 diabetes and a wide range of neuros psychiatric disorders are associated with that process the in increased levels of reactive oxygen species often referred to as oxidative stress so we got Decades of evidence strongly supporting that um Can methylene blue play a role in that absolutely because methylene blue can come in and take some of these Wayward electrons and prevent them from creating reactive oxygen species which might help calm things down one of the challenges with methylene blue as we discussed before you can have too little and too much same with methylene blue you can have too little and too much you don't want to accept too many electrons these electrons need to be flowing to the places they should be flowing as opposed to oxidative stress the polar opposite of that is called reductive stress and that too has been found in people with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and some other disorders so it's really about disregulated kind of balance between oxidative and reductive stress and methylene blue if you take it in overdose could become a reductive stressor um so you don't want too much but uh so we do have pilot trials again small not super well done pilot trials and a wide range of neuros psychiatric disorders depression bipolar disorder schizophrenia Alzheimer's disease others many of them suggesting a benefit do you know what the doses range I don't I I don't the top of my head yeah because I because methylene blue as I understand has some Mao activity the um can adjust some of the enzymes that in turn adjust levels of Serotonin um which is why I haven't taken it I've just been cautious about I don't really want to boost my serotonin there's this recent study out of a Lab at Stanford showing that the rewarding properties of various things as we know increase dopamine in anticipation of a reward but also important it seems these are Mouse studies but serotonin drops as dopamine goes up and that drop in serotonin is at least as important as the increase in dopamine for the reinforcing properties of certain behaviors and substances and um I I'm very reluctant to tamper with anything that would raise serotonin because in these studies um or these experiments I or in these experiments I should say increasing serotonin uh offset some of the rewarding aspects of otherwise rewarding things so I want things that are rewarding to feel rewarding and so this this difference between dopamine and serotonin seems pretty vital I mean that's not to say I'm like terrified of anything that increases serotonin but to do it pharmacologically just seems a little little sketchy given I don't have a clinical need that I'm at least not that aware of no well and that's actually one of the warnings with um methylene blue is that if you if taken in to have a dose you can actually get serotonin syndrome could you explain what ser serotonin syndrome is so serotonin syndrome is just like really excessive Deluge of serotonin in the system more often than not it's completely unrecognized really it it gets mistaken for psychiatric symptoms so people can have anxiety they can have panic in extreme cases you can get nausea you can get fevers you can get um I mean in extreme cases it can be fatal so it's a serious thing but more often than not it gets dismissed because serotonin syndrome is most commonly experienced by people taking ssris and by definition they are psychiatric patients or they have a mental health condition and so when they come in and say I'm feeling nauseous I feel anxious I feel jittery I feel I don't feel right they get written off more often than not or giv more medication perhaps yeah let's increase your dose let's increase your dose or whatever so it's actually really tragic I mean one woman actually reached out to me who after learning about my work reading my book she talked to her psychiatrist tapered off all her meds and it became clear that she probably had serotonin syndrome for a long time wow to both her and her psychiatrist so the meds were causing the problem and the meds were causing the problem problem and nobody really recognized it goodness gra again so it's uh so anyway methylene blue can cause serotonin syndrome so I think if people are going to if people want to consider using it I would number one make sure you get a very reputable source of it make sure you're consuming it in a way that makes sense I mean it can stain your teeth blue and all sorts of stuff so your urine blue your tongue blue but um people will do IV infusions of methylene blue so yeah no that's I've seen people kind of hooked up to IVs with a meth a bag of methylene blue do they turn blue and they I hope not Smurf Smurf but it is a medically approved treatment um and I think it can be done in safe ways again it's off patent nobody's going to stand make any money off of doing large welld designed Trials of methylene blue um but I'm really interested in it as uh this as it has these properties in addition to just being this electron acceptor and donor um there's some evidence that it may improve mitochondial biogenesis that it has anti-inflammatory effects and and that it can do other things that that may be beneficial interesting very interesting in fact before moving on to some more clinical questions we've been going deep into the science and some Public Health uh thoughts and Reflections and um ideas there's a supplement called uthan a that people seem really excited about for improving mitochondrial function um I'm not super familiar with the literature um but co-enzyme q12 uthan a we're starting to hear more about these these sorts of things sold over the counter do you have any thoughts on those there's a company timeline that puts out this product and to their credit they have actually done some pretty well-designed robust randomized controlled Trials of urethan a they've primarily focused on muscle health and aging and so actually have reasonably good data published in reasonably good journals um documenting that EUR aithan a when given to elderly people people you know people over 55 65 um that it can improve muscle mass and performance within I think like eight weeks um uh and and that that has overarching metabolic benefits that have you know in terms of biomarkers that have been associated with um slowing of the aging process so um so urethan a I think is definitely a supplement if among all of the supplements that should be considered if people are looking for something to take I'm going to repeat my myself before you take urethan a I've said this to the chief scientific officer of the company um when I was talking with him about this and I said but you know that diet and exercise are much more he said yeah yeah yeah of course like harder to sell people have to do the diet and exercise and everything else but then this could give them an advantage um and I don't deny that at all I think it it may very well give people an advantage um and again the way that I think about it it's not that diet and exercise are going to cure everybody because they won't cure everybody some people are really ill and the way that I think about that is that their mitochondria their metabolic processes are really disrupted they are severely disregulated and that quote unquote healthy diet and good exercise and good sleep and good relationships are phenomenal prevention strategy for some people they can be a phenomenal treatment strategy but I think on average that applies to people with mild to moderate mental health or metabolic health conditions that once once people get into the severe category severe heart failure severe you know mental health condition like schizophrenia bipolar disorder crippling depression um my sense is just a clean diet and good sleep and good exercise is not going to be sufficient and then we do need to start thinking about can we use this supplement or this methylene blue infusion or even neuros stimulation which is can stimulate mitochondria and stimulate neuroplasticity things like transcranial magnetic stimulation yes which is done non-invasively right it is noninvasive and so can we use those types of strategies to try to improve someone's mental health and we've got plenty of evidence that you know especially with TMS that uh it can be very helpful for some people but again is not a Panacea none of these things are a Panacea and although I just said that none of these things are a Panacea so if you're you know people one of the biggest criticis I get is Dr Palmer you have not given me the recipe to cure my crippling ex disorder um and it's like well I I'm trying to teach you the strategies and the science so that you can put together your own treatment plan I am not here to sell any one thing as this is the Panacea to cure all mental illness the ketogenic diet can be lifechanging life-saving it can be nothing short of miraculous for some people but it is not a Panacea I've seen people do ketogenic diets and not get cured not get remission and so I'm always looking for what else what else can we do how else can we use this model to further enhance mitochondrial function metabolic and the reason I think the reason I'm getting traction is because when you come back to it the we just keep coming back to these like pillars of common sense like for the most part yeah like Diet might actually make a difference to your brain health I don't think it's just Americans I think our species needs to run up against the guard rails at the edge of the cliff six times and sadly see a good number of people go over to their demise before we go wait a second we need to think about how fast we're taking these turns we need to pull back I mean there's something weird about our species that we love to develop technology and then uh and then find the destructive aspects of those technology then pull back and a lot of our you know it's like two steps forward one step back type Evolution it seems inherent to Homo sapiens I'm forgive me for getting so macroscopic here but when you look through I I there's a wonderful book The Prince of men medicine or history of medicine Galen and like it starts there and all the way forward and you read like The what is it the Emperor of all maladies about cancer and you just realize like we're we're stumbling forward and making miraculous progress and at the same time we are seemingly deliberately overlooking a lot of the stuff that's just obvious it's like the the old advice as we exit this conversation about supplements the the the old advice that if you just eat a balanced diet you're good doesn't work anymore I noticed that because quote unquote balanced diet first of all no one can agree on that uh and people get caught up in the vegetarian versus carnivore debates which are really like or vegan versus car which are really at the extremes so we we've lost our our bearings we're kind of like like True North is so clear what true north is it's mostly nonprocessed minimally processed foods getting adequate quality protein you could do that vegetarian you could do that with some animal- based products if you if you choose it's doing that for 90% or 80% of one's nutrition it's exercise we know what forms like all the information's there as you're pointing out but somehow we're just going to have to keep putting it back in our faces um or see enough unfortunate stuff that we we away a second like that this is it's time for a course correction but hey that's what we're trying to do here right absolutely and we have um we have uh colleagues to do it as well and I'll just throw in as long as we're editorializing a lot today I think in The Last 5 Years the discourse around Public Health from the mental health side from the Cardiology side from the cancer side from the long has really transformed in no small part thanks to social media and podcasts so um things are evolving thank you Dr Huber oh well and thank you and thank you vitamin deficiencies and mental health it almost sounds like we're headed deeper into supplements we might touch on that but a few years ago I went to a mcnight meeting and somebody presented some proteomics data where they were sequencing uh spinal fluid from depressed patients and finding that certain depressed patients had deficiencies in certain vitamins that could easily be replaced through supplementation and lo and behold their depressions were in these particular patients were being cured literally reversed going into remission by virtue of taking the appropriate vitamins but the issue was they had to use final tap so it was not in order to know what these patients needed but it was really striking I thought goodness we're talking about B vitamins and depression so um could you tell us about B12 and other B vitamins and uh methylation and folate there's a little cluster of of topics here that I think is super interesting and that people really should know about Visa depression and other CNS challenges before I get into the complex part of the story let me just start with Basics so and this relates to nutrition that a lot of these basic vitamins and minerals um like vitamin B12 folate and iron let I'll just stop there B12 folate and iron these are all essential to mitochondrial function they play a role in numerous enzymes and other cellular reactions outside of mitochondria but they are all Central to mitochondrial function and so if you are deficient in these vitamins your mitochondria will not function properly so it's at least it doesn't prove the mitochondrial theory of Neuropsychiatric disorders but it's consistent with the mitochondrial Theory um and uh and the reality is a lot of Americans are you know a lot of different populations within America and then certainly in other countries can be highly deficient in some of these so um Iron uh you know there's a study in jamama just last year 40% of females aged 12 to 21 in the United States are iron deficient wow it really depends on the definition of iron deficient but their overarching conclusion based on what they thought was a reasonable definition that the journal jamama went ahead and published was 40% of young of girls and young women 12 so this is menstration obviously it's menstruation they are losing blood they are losing blood and they are not consuming enough iron or there's something wrong with the way they're processing iron so let me just stick with that what does that have to do with Neuropsychiatric disorders well boys and girls prepuberty have the same rates of mental illness if anything boys are maybe a little more because they're more likely to have autism and they're more likely to be diagnosed with ADHD so but for for the most part we'll say like depression and anxiety exact same rates puberty hits and girls just Skyrocket the rates of mental illness Skyrocket in girls now are there psychological and social causes of that yes we can talk about your be becoming an attractive sexual mate and maybe people are you know being mean to you or people are you know um making you uncomfortable or you are becoming a victim of sexual trauma do those things happen of course those things are happening could that contribute to depression and anxiety of course that could contribute to depression and anxiety again it's not either or so yes let's stay with the psych ological and social causes but let's also go into the biological causes if these girls and women are now iron deficient that affects their brain function it affects their whole body Health most people don't think of that is a metabolic problem but I do these girls and women can be thin they can be absolutely beautiful and thin and iron deficient and that means they've got a metabolic mitochondrial problem that could be affecting their brain and that could be playing a role in their depression anxiety their you know eating disorder or whatever else they've got vitamin B12 fully we know that low levels of those vitamins are associated with all sorts of Neuropsychiatric disorders B12 deficiency for example um is very common among vegetarians and vegans in India for example where most people are vegetarian or vegan 50% % of their population is B12 deficient whoa what are some food sources of B12 is it is animal Source R red red meat basic animal Source Foods again eggs red meat other types of meat yep be it it you need animal Source foods for the most part or if you're going to be a vegan or vegetarian please take appropriate supplement you can get this in a vitamin but please make sure you're doing it correctly and maybe get your levels measured every now and then at least once a year your annual physical make sure that your doctor knows I'm vegan please do a full assessment of vitamin and nutrient levels for me um because I am at a high risk so B12 is impacted by other medications B12 absorption and interestingly oral contraceptives can reduce absorption of or impair absorption of vitamin B12 interesting met foran can impair absorption of vitamin B12 so just picture a woman who's overweight who's following a vegetarian or vegan diet who's also on Metformin for her diabetes who's also on birth control just because she's at very high risk of being B12 deficient and what does B12 deficiency do in terms of Neuropsychiatric disorders everything it has been associated with higher rates of depression anxiety psychosis bipolar symptoms but people can be hallucinating and delusional from B12 deficiency and the challenge with B12 deficiency is that the neurological damage can become permanent so if this is not recognized and identified early enough people can be permanently injured so that's the simple story some people just aren't consuming enough or they're taking metformin or they're taking oral contraceptives or whatever they're menstruating and they haven't really figured out an appropriate diet to to compensate for the loss of blood um so all of those things can interfere in with vitamin absorption or whatever and can result in neuros psychiatric symptoms unfortunately the story gets a lot more complicated so we've long known that there's an autoimmune form of vitamin B12 deficiency called pernicious anemia in which antibodies to something called intrinsic factor um prevent vitamin B12 from being absorbed in the digestive truck so you could be eating all the meat in the world you're you can't absorb it and you can become B12 deficient that autoimmune disorder increases with age so you could have been living living a happy healthy life and then at age 65 you develop pernicious anemia you can no longer absorb B12 and this is actually one of the treatable forms of dementia that we know of the Cardinal symptoms are look dementia um and the only way to help these people is if some astute Healthcare clinician measures a B12 level identifies and recognizes the problem and then does further testing for pernicious anemia this autoimmune form of B12 deficiency and then you correct it and the treatment is vitamin B12 injections taking a pill won't work because you can't absorb it so you've just got to inject people with vitamin B12 and it can restore everything for most people will a B12 or supplement work like a methyl a B12 capsule as long as they don't have this autoimmune form yes okay it'll be fine um and again if you're eating lots of meat you may not need any supplement at all so over the last year um there have been a couple of Publications that have just come out that have now recognized a brand new form of autoimmune B12 deficiency and it targets a protein called cd320 which transports vitamin B12 across the bloodb brain barrier the researchers essentially identified this and PE in people who are having pretty severe neuros psychiatric symptom so symptoms of either neurological disorders or other kinds of disorders but mostly focusing on neurology because theur it's neurologists who have been doing all this work when they first identified this antibody they they took blood from these people's veins just like you would if you were going into a doctor for blood draw the B12 levels are normal everything's normal in the periphery because the person may be consuming enough B12 and it may be getting absorbed fine so they're not anemic they show no signs of B12 deficiency but when the researchers tested their cerebr gr spinal fluid they had almost no B12 in their central nervous system so that requires a spinal tap right this is not in order to diagnose it it required a spinal tap um they ended up treating some of these people with immunosuppressive agents to reduce this autoimmune condition and high does vitamin B12 and some of the people had reversal of symptoms meaning their neuros psychiatric symptoms went away the research is still in preliminary stages but the researchers have looked at how common is this because at first glance it sounds like well that's just a really rare condition that can't be relevant to human health they sampled just a general healthy control and about 6% of those people have this antibody wow it's really high they then sampled people with neuros psychiatric lupus so these are people who have an autoimmune disorder already lupus and they have neuros psychiatric symptoms 20% of them had this antibody and then they just recently this is unpublished data but they have looked at people who have a demyelinating condition of unknown iology and about 50% of them had this anti 5% so this is like an MS like condition had this antibody and what's the solution B12 the reason this is of interest to me and we're hoping to do some research on this in patients with psychiatric disorders is because there is a treatment immune supressive kind of treatments to either reduce this autoimmune condition and or high does vitamin B12 injections so you want to flood their system with vitamin B12 so that some of it can get across the bloodb brain barrier and again oral B12 won't work in this case right oral B12 may very well work in that case um but I would actually I mean in these situations what we know is that these people's brains are being damaged from severe B12 deficiency so I would probably just go for the definitive massive injection and try to try to rescue those brain cells this is very interesting I think um people should get their B12 levels measured um a standard blood test right um it is unfortunately for this new autoimmune Central B12 deficiency they're they're working on a commercial test but you can't get this blood test right now okay um so uh perhaps to come stay tuned but I the point of it is this that I think for the majority of people 60 to 80% of people who are suffering from neuros Psychiatric disorders I actually think using interventions that are easily available today will help them heal and recover I really believe that I I stand nothing I don't get any money from lifestyle interventions I don't get a commission for everybody who does a ketogenic diet in theory you'd have few to treat in theory you lose money because you have lose money by by getting people better and then they move on and don't need me anymore um I honestly believe that but I also believe there will be 20% maybe up to 40% who have severe disorders for whom those strategies just won't work and so I'm really interested in well what else could it be and this is just one of many examples of what else it could be they could have an autoimmune form of central deficiency and why does that matter because we can test for that and if if they have that we can treat it there's a clear unequivocal treatment and you know at the end of the day I think one of the biggest themes of my work is that right now in the mental field we assign these diagnostic labels people and for many of them they become life sentences you have schizophrenia that's a lifetime sentence it's probably never going to get better you certainly always have to take medicines for the rest of your life you have bipolar disorder it's for life you have chronic depression sorry we just don't know how to treat it depression should go away but it's not going away for you we don't know what to do sorry so sorry I know that you know on the surface it may sound like well those are just rare people Chris they're not rare people hundreds of millions of people on our planet are given these life sentences and we assume that we now know the cause the cause is you have schizophrenia that's the cause and in fact schizophrenia is only a label of symptoms schizophrenia means a person who has chronic psychotic symptoms of unknown ideology of unknown ideology because if we know the ideology you don't call them schizophrenic anymore you say they have vitamin B12 deficiency and psychosis or you say they have an autoimmune disorder like lupus and psychosis and why is why is that so important because there's a treatment for these other things other than just antis psychotic medicin and what I really hope and implore our field will do is we will come into the 21st century and begin to recognize that there is a cause of schizophrenia there is a cause of bipolar symptoms there is a cause for chronic depression and that we will will begin to look for those causes and we will begin to treat those causes as opposed to just putting people on anticho or anti-depressants or mood stabilizers and telling them well we're really sorry we know these medicines don't cure your illness we know these are not disease modifying treatments we're really sorry we can't do better you're just going to have to suffer for life like we can do better and I applaud your efforts to bring about that change I mean I think people realizing that often not always but often mitochondrial dysfunction is at the heart of of these things um is critical um speaking of which I have to ask and feel free to pass on this question if if you like but um I become very interested in vaccine biology and the debate about vaccines about the adant that are used to deliver the vaccines there a um obviously there's a very contentious topic I just want to know without being I'm not trying to be Pro provocative here um is there any evidence that vaccines or the adant um for vaccines or anything about vaccines and their delivery can disrupt mitochondrial function you know so often we think that it's like the vaccine having a specific effect on what the vaccine was designed to Target that could potentially cause side effects or something like that that's what many of the theories hold but given um the key role of mitochondria in all aspects of brain functioning and given that some people are convinced I'm not saying I believe this but are convinced that vaccines are tied to these mental health challenges or to autism let's be direct about this is there is there any evidence that vaccines can of any kind can disrupt mitochondrial function or support mitochondrial function for that matter it is a contentious maybe it's a different episode no no no definitely I'm I'm definitely going to answer it but I'm going to give a long-winded answer if that's okay because I because I want I want to give credible information that's the only information we're interested in and I don't want to come down on one side that vaccines are 100% safe there's no question about it or yes vaccines cause autism and that's why we've got Sky recing Ras of autism because I don't think either of those extreme positions is true so I want to First back up and just ask a slightly different question is there any evidence that high levels of inflammation impair mitochondrial function the answer to that is unequivocally yes high levels of inflammation inflammatory cyto kindes like tnf Alpha inner Lucan six and others impair mitochondrial function we know that it is clear and unequivocal um and there are physiological reasons for it the the organism has to adapt so when you have the flu do you have Neuropsychiatric symptoms yes you do you're going to feel exhausted you're going to be less risk-taking you are not going to want to reproduce more than likely you're going to completely lose your libido completely lose it like zero interest and what are you going to want to do you're going to want to hide in bed and pull the covers over you and just retreat from the world for safety those are all effects on your mood your motivation rewarding behaviors all sorts of things the inflammation the infection is doing that to you and we know that it's inflammation because this happens with cancer it happens with treatments that cause inflammation if we give treatments that cause high levels inflamation people experience these symptoms acutely if we give interfer on for example which can be a treatment for disorders people will acutely develop all of these symptoms so we know that interferon itself will produce all of these Neuropsychiatric symptoms we also know from basic cell biology interferon interferes with mitochondrial function we know that it is unequivocal we now let's go to autism is there any evidence that inflammation can lead to autism we have Decades of evidence for this we know that over the course of the last century as there were kind of outbreaks of bacterial or viral infections in the population we saw higher rates of neuros psychiatric neurodevelopment mental disorders in The Offspring of the pregnant women so we've long known that and that evidence is pretty well established for instance uh forgive me but the one that I'm aware of is that flu in pregnant mothers at the first to second trimester transition is correlated with statistically higher incidents of schizophrenia in The Offspring do I have that right that's correct okay but then there there was a rubella outbreak that resulted in much higher rates of autism in The Offspring um that I think that was in 1960s um and now we have really Decades of animal models so they take mice and they inject them with lipopolysaccharide which causes an inflammatory reaction and when they do this to pregnant mice the the the mice that are born to those women those those female mice are at much higher risk for showing signs or symptoms of what looks like a neurodevelopmental disorder um it's it's different diagnosing or whatever a neurodevelopmental condition in a mouse is it 100% no it's just we increase the risk so if you inject a pregnant Mouse with lipopolysaccharide can she can that Mouse still have a normal appearing Mouse yes but can't but the probability that The Offspring will have a neurodevelopmental symptoms of a neurodevelopmental condition increase that is where so much of the autism research has been focused is trying to understand this trying to understand what is happening with inflammation how does that impact neurodevelopment we know that so now back to the question that you posed is there any possibility that vaccines could contribute to that process do vaccines increase inflamation I think the answer to that yes is is there variation in the inflammatory response between different people I think the answer to that is yes can some people have a hyper exaggerated inflammatory response in response to a vaccine I think the answer to that is yes in that condition so in that rare less common condition where somebody is having a hyper exaggerated inflammatory response to a vaccination could that impact neurodevelopment the science right now says yes we have no reason to think it wouldn't there's one case of a young child who already had an existing mitochondrial disorder it was already known she got vaccines and I think within days or weeks of getting the vaccinations she developed profound neurodevelopmental symptoms that case won a lawsuit that went to court it was tried in court and she won and the Court ruled that the vaccine did in fact contribute to this girl's neurodevelopmental condition now they assumed it was because she had a pre-existing disorder um and I would support that it lines up perfectly with what I've been talking about all along um that people who have vulnerabilities with mitochondria or metabolism you can only absorb so many hits and when you get that final hit that tips kind of the balance um to impact neurod development you can get that when now coming back to the bigger question so should people get vaccinated not we do have reasonably good evidence that unvaccinated people are more likely to develop autism than vaccinated people is that right the problem with that study is that it's an it's a retrospective cohort epidemiological study and the biggest critique that I have of that type of research is that the researchers decide what they control for and what they don't control for but the existing research right now as published and as designed suggests that if you don't get a vaccine you're more likely to develop autism than if you do get a vaccine and how would I understand that I just talked about infections themselves can cause disorders so if a child gets measles they're not only at risk of dying of measles they're also at risk of impacting their mitochondrial function and developing a neurodevelopmental disorder as a result of getting a severe infection assuming there's choice there's a risk benefit in analysis do you do you want the the uh the potential inflammation from the vaccine or lack of infl you run the gamble it's hard to predict who's going to have a big inflammatory response and who's not although I'm thinking in the back of my mind about these lifestyle factors even though it's a young child or a or um an adolescent in some cases but but young children typically there are things that you can do to bolster the the uh the health of that kid going into a vaccine if you're choosing to vaccinate your kids right like proper sleep proper nutrition proper proper everything you wouldn't want them even slightly sleep deprived because that would uh increase the risk of inflammation right I mean these things compound as I understand it um so you know I think what most all parents really want is a sense of control over what are inevitably a mixture of controllable and uncontrollable factors and this is what I hear when I really listen to this debate about vaccines I hear my science colleagues inevitably saying okay the Wake field data or BS Etc like no no no there's no possibility and then I hear parents who are having kids whose kids are due for vaccines and they're like I don't know what to do they're they're terrified and these are smart people and they don't know what to believe anymore that's the challenge I mean the science that I just laid out is true it's clear um and again we've got Decades of research to support most of what I've just said all of what I've just said I think um if you understand the biology when a child begins to show symptoms of a neurodevelopmental disorder instead of assigning a label this is autism it's a life sentence good luck we should be intervening and what could we do to intervene what you just said in terms of prevention strategies absolutely let's make sure that even before you're going to the doctor even before you're exposing yourself to any of these vaccines that you're healthy why because we want you to be healthy why wouldn't you want to be healthy so let's just be healthy but I would actually go much further and say as soon as a child begins to show signs or symptoms especially when it's an Abrupt change when they were developing in a neurotypical way and then all of a sudden they got an infection or they got a vaccine or something happened and now they are falling off the trajectory and that's what we hear from these parents who are saying No this is real this is that's why they believe vaccines cause it do I think it was just the vaccine on its own I suspect a lot of them have had other hits they probably had other vulnerabilities going into that vaccination and that the vaccination if we even entertain the possibility that That vaccine did contribute to their autism I'm doubtful that it was the sole only cause I'm doubtful it was the sole cause but regardless once the kid starts showing signs or symptoms we should be doing a full workup we should be looking for vitamin and nutrient deficiencies we should be looking for this Central B12 deficiency did the vaccine somehow cause an autoimmune reaction to cd320 so that now this kid has Central B12 deficiency and that is why this kid is falling off the chart um should we entertain a ketogen diet for this child I would say yes we should that should be on the table of options um we might want to put this child on a ketogenic diet does that ever happen it happens all the time in kids with epilepsy so why not do it for neurodevelopmental conditions but again it's not just keto diet is going to save the day and we don't have to think about Central B12 deficiency or any of these other things like let's put it all together and especially with AI now now we can do this this is a solvable puzzle it is a complex puzzle no doubt but it is a solvable puzzle and we should start to solve it but right now the state of the field is that we assign a label autism and we tell the parents to just prepare for a disabled child just prepare yourself to take care of a disabled child for life we're really sorry we don't have anything more to offer we can do some ABA training we can do some basic you know we'll try to teach them some social skills the the the real outcome data on that is pretty bad if if your brain's not working right it's hard to teach people how to have how to do the skills that the brain is designed to do and that's the challenge is that um it's all well and good to recognize a problem but now we need to come up with effective treatments and we know that a lot of the you know people talk about early intervention with autism as though early intervention is going to save the day I don't mean to bash the people doing that work let's do anything we can it might help a little but when you look at the outcome data it's not helping much and when you look at the statistics of the prevalence of autism it's going through the roof so those strategies are just not working they're not working for prevention they're not working to improve long-term outcomes they're not I mean we have a lot of work to do so I appreciate the thoroughness of your answer I can um promise you that uh anything we put out about that will include the full context we're not we're not people will take the sound bite and well if they do I'm going to get I'm going to um get rabid um by posting the Preamble because it's very important people hear the full context it's um and I I really appreciate you uh embracing that topic with the the depth and rigor and uh sensitivity also that that you do uh because I don't think we can um duck this vaccine question anymore um I never thought in my lifetime that vaccines would be a thing it's like when I was a kid everyone got the polio vaccine the measles vaccine and he kind of went about our way I do understand the number of vaccines that kids are getting now like the vaccine schedule has expanded um uh yeah I've been um kind of thrown into the middle of this as different guests have come on this podcast who've said they do get the flu vaccine others who say they don't and you know gosh if ever there was a separator besides Democrat versus Republican it's this vaccine thing um it's really like the separator uh is it's it's so closely tied to um believes in science doesn't believe in science like that's those are the stereotypes right or um suspicious of science NIH and CDC or believes in science NIH and the CDC wholeheartedly like the The Divide is very Stark and this needs to stop like the Divide needs to stop we we need to start filling in with answers um and I think there's soon to be a exploration uh a scientific exploration of the relationship between vaccines and autism I read this someplace on X which means but I think that's the idea and I think some people kind of upset that this that resources were going to be devoted to this because they felt like it was it was a done deal and then others are very excited because they feel like Hey listen if if you don't think there's a a link then there here's an opportunity to to establish that with with real rigor and I think everyone's just really interested in the the stud being done properly I look I think more data is always great I don't disagree i' and I've I've actually talked to some former nmh directors about this and some other leading people in this field and there's no doubt that this topic has been brought up multiple times at the NIH so there's this inter agency um Coordinating Committee um on autism uh within among all of the NIH kind of centers and institutes that's existed for decades they have looked into this issue um I've talked to some autism Advocates who've said like I was hoping that vaccines might be the cause like I was really hoping to see that vaccines are the cause because that would then give us a cause and it would lead us to interventions um to make vaccine safer or whatever um and she said but it's just not there it's just not there and this former NIMH director that I spoke with it's just not there Chris it's not there um we looked we looked high and low um again I'm not sure that everybody looked with the same degree of scrutiny again the study that I saw looked at people who are unvaccinated by choice so these are rebellious people who are defying state laws who are risking not getting their children into school because they're not getting vaccinations that's the cohort of unvaccinated people um and then they're comparing them to the cohort of vaccinated people and they only controlled for like a like two or three variables they did not control for obesity they didn't control for diabetes and we know that obesity and diabetes play a role in risk for autism and we know know that people who have existing health conditions might actually be more likely to be worried about vaccines and then not get vaccines perfectly happy healthy thriving people usually just go along with status quo they usually don't refuse vaccines so people who are refusing vaccines probably had some pre-existing health condition they didn't control for that did that pre-existing health condition increase risk for or Autism probably well if there's an inflammation link then yes like like probably I mean you look at any pre-existing health condition and does it increase risk for other health conditions usually the answer is yes so we know that like women with obesity much more likely twice as likely to have an autistic child is that right yeah meta analysis over three million people women with obesity have doubled the risk of having an autistic child have rates of obesity been skyrocketing in our population the answer is yes are pregnant women also in that camp of obese women yes well that accounts for a doubling of autism same deal with um diabetes women who have diabetes twice as likely to have autistic children is women who don't have diabetes when you put the two together obese and diabetic quadruple the rate of autism in The Offspring what about dad you know there are these theories about the statistically significant increases in rates of autism for offspring of um men who are 50 or older my read of the data uh is that it's still a very small increase it's not like the kind of increases you're describing here for diabetes it is so men with obesity twice as likely to have an autistic child as men who are not obese yeah which is which is um something like 25 times greater than the increase due to age of the male so this is so important because people hear oh you know uh older sperm equals higher probability of autism but yes still a very low probability of autism compared to Dad is obese but in his 20s or 30s yes and so you know a lot of people are hyperfocused on vaccines cause autism and they come back to rates of autism are skyrocketing there has to be a reason well I agree rates of autism are skyrocketing I agree there does have to be a reason maybe we're missing the elephant in the room rates of metabolic poor health are skyrocketing in our population rates of obesity and diabetes are skyrocketing but rates of poor metabolic health so metabolic syndrome has five biomarkers you know abdominal obesity blood pressure um uh glucose high levels of glucose and then high triglycerides and low HDL cholesterol those are the five biomarkers of metabolic syndrome only 7% of Americans are healthy in all five biomarkers yikes only 7% po or metabolic Health influences neurodevelopment and Offspring we know that so we've we see skyrocketing rates of autism it's not just autism we see skyrocketing rates of ADHD as well simultaneously and everybody's scratching their heads trying to figure out where's all this autism coming from where's all this ADHD coming from well look around people as the metabolic health of the United States population declin we are going to see more neurodevelopmental disorders such it's a critical message but also reassuring in the sense that we can do something about it we can because what you're talking about is metabolic dysfunction mitochondrial dysfunction of the parents right um so you know trying to control the uh the behavior of still unborn um or yet to be see children is pretty tough to do and um and yet anyone thinking of conceiving um should really pay close attention to their metabolic health is clearly the message I think obesity becomes a little bit of a um of a of a critical Factor yet a distractor that wasn't meant to rhyme uh for when we hear metabolic health I think a number of people hearing this will say well I'm not overweight so my mitochondria are probably healthy but what you listed off included high high triglycerides um you said blood pressure which you know there are some thin people or you know non apparently obese people it's I say apparently obese because a lot of people are carrying higher body fat percentage than they realize even though they're they're not you know taking up a lot of space um so I think you know uh it's not always and low HDL so sometimes um you know we're shocked to see like oh this person is like apparently healthy but has you know low HDL and is got their apob is through the roof and they're they're not well but just because they're not obese doesn't mean they're metabolically healthy correct that is absolutely correct and I go back to some of our prior conversation so a 14-year-old girl who is severely iron deficient is metabolically unhealthy why because our mitochondria can't function properly without iron she can be thin she can otherwise look like a healthy attractive girl but she can be metabolically unhealthy because she doesn't have all of the essential vitamins and nutrients that she needs to have properly functioning mitochondria and metabolism and why would that matter it matters because she might develop an anxiety disorder or she might develop depression or she might develop symptoms of an eating disorder and then we're all scratching our heads giving those labels oh you've got depression you've got anxiety you need Prozac and maybe she really needs iron right I mean what I realized and and this was really where I wanted to bring us to um is a question for you I have an idea but a let also posed the question as an idea and feel free to bat it down I'm beginning to think that in order to get out of this health rut that we're in that clearly relates to dysfunction and at the same time there are tools the lifestyle tools that you described there are yes there are supplements and maybe methylene blue will be advantageous and methyl B12 perhaps but certainly the lifestyle factors most people again when they hear metabolic Health they just think okay metabolism obesity thinness or fatness and and they it sort of becomes a a gravitational pull towards that do you think it's possible to create a metric I don't want to say BMI as an example because that's controversial for some people but is it possible to create a metric of allaround metabolic Health um that would be incentivized so that people can live better lives their offspring can be healthier as well and we can unburden the Health Care system and and potentially avoid Millions and millions of people having these so-called incurable mental health disorders in air quotes you know what you're describing is kind of in my mind um a really important next step and the great news is that there are several research groups that I know of that are working on exactly that one is a commercial company I'm not going to name any names but one is a commercial company that has a a a product of a series of biomarkers blood biomarkers that they believe represent ultimately mitochondrial dysfunction all of the different cellular Pathways that can result in mitochondrial dysfunction and or can reflect mitochondrial dysfunction and um and they believe that their test might be able to predict the development of autism that every child at age one should get this blood biomarker and it will tell us who's at high risk of developing a neurodevelopmental disorder the test itself doesn't tell us what's wrong it just tells us something's wrong and then the clinicians need to go to work and try to figure out what is going on what is causing this metabolic mitochondrial disregulation so that we could potentially intervene I've talked with one of the leading mitochondrial researchers really in the world he's got a set of 20 biomarkers that he believes represent mitochondrial dysfunction broadly and then there's another research group um that is is actually narrowed it down to just five different biomarkers in men and five slightly different there's some overlap but slight differences in women and those five biomarkers alone were able to distinguish people with chronic severe suicidal depression from healthy controls with over 90% sensitivity in specificity wow so I think that is one of the directions we need to go is we need to establish tests with all of these groups I want to just state state clearly and plainly because one of the common questions I get is what's the blood test I can get for my mitochondrial Health there isn't one um that's the answer there is not one there are lots of different biomarkers that can suggest disregulation of metabolism and mitochondrial function um and again these three research groups are all working on it you know in order to get those five biomarkers for men and women they I think they measured 400 different biomarkers um so we need to make sure that that gets replicated that it's you know prospectively it can identify um I'm I'm less concerned about kind of the incentivizing and let's give insurance discounts and other things I actually think the majority of human beings that I know authentically want to be healthy and they authentically they really want to have healthy children they will do anything to have children so I don't think we need necessarily need to come up with some incentives right now I I think if we develop evidence-based tools that prospective parents can use to assess their own metabolic MIT andrial health and more and maybe maybe more importantly assess their prospective Children's Health and then we pair that with evidence-based strategies to help them improve their metabolic health so that it will improve the outcomes for those children I mean that's the Holy Grail what I just said probably represents Decades of research the sooner we get started the better and some of it's already underway as I've mentioned so it's not like we start from Ground Zero people have been on this Trail for a while um so but it is going to require a concerted effort it's going to require massive NIH funding to support that type of research we have a new Administration that is talking about massive disruption and the way things are done they're talking about massive changes at the NIH I am really hoping and praying that we're going to see that type of research as opposed to the current model of research which focuses on well here's your diagnosis schizophrenia or hypertension and what what new pills can we develop to treat this condition or how can we understand this condition it like I I think we have enough evidence to be able to really start with more effective to be able to really aggressively pursue more effective treatment and prevention strategies fantastic what role do you see yourself in going forward I mean clearly public education about these issues related to metabolic and mitochondrial Health um is a wonderful home for you in addition to all your clinical work and and everything else you're doing this uh you're clearly very passionate about it um if I may ask you do you have plans to get involved in helping the new NIH new uh Health and Human Services folks you know Steer in the right direction I am more than happy to serve as a consultant if asked and I have I have had some conversations with a wide range of people um so I'm more than happy to do my part I think for the iMed imediate future honestly I am I'm focused on some of these lines of research through mlan hospital and Harvard Medical School I'm really aggressively working on setting up a Health Care System practice to start where we will treat people with these severe chronic mental health conditions that I started a weight list about a year ago and I have over 5,300 people on my waiting list wow I can't treat 5,300 people but I have the privilege of a lot of brilliant clinicians are reaching out wanting to work with me what I'm hoping to do is to put into practice into real world practice everything that we've talked about and more with real human beings to demonstrate this really does work it really does work and I've been doing this work as a solo clinician for 30 years now um and I welcome the opportunity to begin to develop protocols and processes and use artificial intelligence to really try to create algorithms if we can do that um then yeah we hold the potential to help Millions if not billions of people and uh and I you know the theory is great and I'm really a big fan of the theory I it continues to line up new evidence since I've published the book new evidence has come out just completely supporting it and if anything bolstering it putting it into actual clinical practice is really where the rubber Meats rolled Road and um and as we've just talked about there are so many things we can do for people who are suffering today and uh I'm I'm probably it's not even probably I'm most excited about that I'm most excited about training other clinicians and demonstrating for the world that this really works that people can get better from severe treatment resistant mental illnesses fantastic well I and everyone else are super grateful for your real enthusiasm and like clear Devotion to that last statement and um you know I'll finish today's discussion with where we started which is to say thank you for being such a Pioneer for this clearly New Direction for mental health and for Bridging the Gap between mental health and physical health and clarifying for all of us today what you mean what people mean when they say metabolic Health we really have to think about mitochondria what they do the many many roles they play in cells and are everywhere in the body and the paths to improving mitochondrial Health lifestyle supplement in some cases drug- based you know um and the preventative care that we can take especially for people that are thinking of conceiving children to get their metabolic Health right but also of children regardless of age and also for your public health work I mean you really put yourself out there you were willing to embrace this uh vaccine question and did it with with an Inc with Incredible um care to to all sides um and at the same time staying really close to the data in hand and offering new questions so that just is uh emblematic of of everything you do Chris and um it's such a pleasure and an honor to have you back again and uh if people um want to reach you uh we will provide portals for that I know there's a lot of Outreach towards you I really also appreciate seeing you on social media on X and on Instagram it is really important that people hear from you and then what's lovely also is that uh as new studies come out that agree or disagree with with some of the things that have been said today you're always one to uh to put those out there and and and address considerations and get people excited but appropriately excited or cautious but appropriately cautious so thanks for everything you're doing far too much to list again right now um hope to have you back again because the progress is is happening so rapidly um in the meantime thanks for this incredible voyage and uh education for me and everyone listening you're doing God's work thank you thank you Andrew and thank you for doing everything you're doing you're also doing God's work and uh and I know that uh yeah what you do is not always easy and trying to give actual practical protocols so to speak uh is really important and you're probably doing more for the mental field I don't know I'm struggling to think of who's doing more for the mental health field and the mental health of millions of people around the world than you right now I'm I'm hardpressed to think of someone it's a collective effort folks like you and and the people that come on here you know so I consider you a colleague and a and a and a um comrade for lack of a better word we had a Russian on here recently so comrade um in that uh effort yeah thanks I you know think I know how much you care and I care too so thanks for those words thank you thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Dr Chris Palmer to learn more about Dr Palmer's work including his research and his clinical practice and his absolutely spectacular book Brain energy please see the show note captions if you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast please subscribe to our YouTube channel that's a terrific zeroc costway to support us in addition please follow the podcast by clicking the follow button on both Spotify and apple and on both Spotify and apple you can leave us up to a fstar review and you can now leave us comments at both Spotify and apple please also check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode that's the best way to support this podcast if you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or guests or topics that you'd like me to consider for the hubman Lab podcast please put those in the comment section on YouTube I do read all the comments for those of you that haven't heard I have a new book coming out it's my very first first book it's entitled protocols an operating manual for the human body this is a book that I've been working on for more than 5 years and that's based on more than 30 years of research and experience and it covers protocols for everything from sleep to exercise to Stress Control protocols related to focus and motivation and of course I provide the scientific substantiation for the protocols that are included the book is now available by pre-sale at protocols book.com there you can find links to various ERS you can pick the one that you like best again the book is called protocols an operating manual for the human body and if you're not already following me on social media I am huberman lab on all social media platforms so that's Instagram X threads Facebook and Linkedin and on all those platforms I discuss science and science related tools some of which overlaps with the content of the hubman Lab podcast but much of which is distinct from the information on the huberman Lab podcast again it's huberman lab on all social media platforms and if you haven't already subscribed subribe to our neural network newsletter the neural network newsletter is a zero cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries as well as what we call protocols in the form of one to three page PDFs that cover everything from how to optimize your sleep how to optimize dopamine deliberate cold exposure we have a foundational Fitness protocol that covers cardiovascular training and resistance training all of that is available completely zero cost you simply go to huberman lab.com go to the menu tab in the top right corner scroll down to newsletter and enter your email and I should emphasize that that we do not share your email with anybody thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Dr Chris Palmer and last but certainly not least thank you for your interest in science

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [282 likes]: Thank you for watching. If you enjoyed this topic and episode, please click the "like" button and subscribe to our channel here on YouTube. 
Thank you for your interest in science!   -- Andrew
  2. @elisaoquendo8448 [1 likes]: Fantastic interview. Love the systems biology approach to mental heath and mitochondrial dysfunction. ❤
  3. @barbaraannscarlet7885 [1 likes]: Rewatching in Feb 2026. Amazing what a difference a year can make re awareness of eg. METH BLUE
  4. @Specialkml7395: Sooo many ads!!
  5. @melissamelissa2603: Shingles is caused by the MMR vaccine, it’s way worse than its mother disease which is the measles. The MMR has human aborted fetal tissue and lots of heavy metals in it.
  6. @andymath89: This episode is a true gem. I was not familiar with Dr. Palmer's work. Thank you so much.
  7. @charissaschalk5175: The last few segments of this episode made me cry ... for all the right reasons!  Thank you both so much for the heart and the communication and the research, etc in this.  Ten years ago, I had a psychotic episode that landed me in a state hospital for a month.  I made it out and am making decent progress in life, but I suspect that most, if not all, of the other inmates are still there.  What they're relegated to isn't living---it barely deserves to be described as SURVIVING--and the work you are both doing is surely making a difference and perhaps even turning the tide.  Thank you again.
  8. @laurazkwh: Please translate to Spanish, too. (CC are only in English)
  9. @Cozgrave: Huberman was really trying to get some viral shorts with this one. Ask about methylene blue again jfc
  10. @CryptoGratitude: Dr. Huberman — since you've mentioned you read the comments, I'd love your take on this.

In many nutrition studies, "low-fat" diets are actually ~25–30% fat. That's not truly low-fat. So when papers conclude that "low-fat isn't superior," are we learning that low-fat doesn't work—or simply that moderate fat reduction in isolation doesn't move the needle much?

This becomes especially interesting when compared to the work of Dean Ornish.

In his coronary artery disease trials, patients showed actual regression of atherosclerosis, which is extremely rare. And in his recent Alzheimer's RCT, the intervention group showed measurable cognitive improvements over ~20 weeks.

But here's the nuance:

– The Alzheimer's protocol wasn't ultra-low-fat (~14–18%, not ~10%)
– And it wasn't diet alone—it was a multi-factor lifestyle intervention (nutrition, exercise, stress reduction, social connection)

So it seems like we're not really comparing "low-fat vs other diets." We're comparing single-variable macronutrient tweaks vs comprehensive lifestyle protocols.

Given the stakes—cardiovascular disease and cognitive decline—this distinction feels important.

I'd genuinely be interested in a long-form conversation between you and Ornish. There seems to be an opportunity to clarify what is signal vs noise here for a very large audience.

It also raises a framing question: when we see "low-fat isn't superior" in studies, are we always examining what "low-fat" actually meant—and whether diet was even the primary experimental variable?
  11. @patriciaarias8377: Wonderful podcast! You make me feel what you're tried to comunícate!! Thank you!!
  12. @hilldog53: Hi Andrew. I am really get so much out of your interviews, this one as well as the interview with Robert Lustig was amazing.  I recommend you check out the work of Dr. Francisco Gonzales-Lima from the University of Texas. He has done extensive research into the use of Methylene Blue. I'd also direct you the work of Dr. Scott Scherr. He has done some excellent podcasts.  Thanks for your work. Glad I found you!
  13. @martinvaneck-ss1mn: I eat whatever my wife dishes up. Everything in moderation been married 52 years. Allways get "real" food. When do I get the diseases of "aging". I am 75 and super healthy. Dont see doctors very strong mind and super positive
  14. @hilldog53: What causes an inflammatory response? A vaccination of 5 different antigens in one dose! Vaccines contain adjuvants that are intended to stimulate the immune system.  I just ate up all of the information in this podcast until Dr. Palmer addressed vaccines.  Please see the work of Nicholas Hulscher at the McCullough Foundation who conducted a study comparing vaccinated to unvaccinated kids.  Unvaccinated children proved to be much healthier than vaccinated children.
  15. @Colsons_MindOverBody: This was one of the most practical “big picture” mental health episodes I’ve heard in a while. The metabolic/mitochondrial framing helps connect diet, exercise, sleep, stress, and targeted nutrients into a coherent model—without pretending it’s the only factor. Also appreciated the nuance around supplements (creatine, urolithin A, methylene blue, B vitamins/iron) and how individualized this can be. Subscribed—more convos like this please.
  16. @BrianGuidon-kp2pt: TEN POUNDS OF ADS PER OUNCE OF CONTENT? -- SCREW IT - I AM OUT OF HERE ---
  17. @nealasher: Excellent interview.
  18. @IreneLevi-Minzi: Dr. Huberman: thank you for a terrific podcast I found only now.  If possible, could you kindly share the reference for the spinal tab B12 deficiency diagnostic approach?
  19. @DonnaLoris-w1l: so glad chris palmer differentiates between depression that has a real reason behind it.. like financial or health struggles.. and depression when everything in your life is going right and there seems to be no reason for the depression. BIG diff.. because ppl with a life of struggle might think they have a mental disorder.. when in reality they are just reacting to their situation normally
  20. @drinkapavlovic: One of the best episodes ever..

- Dom D'Agostino - Metabolic-Based Strategies for Neurological Disorders and Brain Health: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you this lecture is being brought to you in part by the generous Gifts of these sponsors thank you everybody can you hear me okay well thank you Ken and ihmc staff for the invitation and you all for being here today I'm always amazed at everything that igmc has going on I mean they are really thinking outside the box when it comes to innovation in regards to AI of course and humanoid Robotics and exoskeletons and now the physiology that they're going to be doing it's just mind-blowing so thank you for being here today uh today I'll be talking about metabolic therapies and I'm a little biased when it comes to nutritional approaches for metabolic therapies so a metabolic therapy can be anything that changes your metabolic physiology that that would you know optimize metabolic biomarkers in a therapeutic way and the ketogenic diet does that in a very unique way that's above and beyond any other diets that I know of so from a clinical perspective there's more research behind a clinical ketogenic diet than any other type of diet so well if you like look at Mediterranean diet that may come up first in PubMed actually and actually on clinicaltrials.gov which is kind of but there's no clear definition of what a Mediterranean diet is a ketogenic diet is defined by the elevation and sustainment of a biomarker and that's ketones and it could be measured in the blood in the urine or the breath so and measurements and monitoring of ketones are very important for the therapeutic application of the ketogenic diet and I'll talk about that but uh you know it's been nine years since I've been here the last time and I mostly focused on our cancer research because that was up and coming at the time but today's talk will really focus more on neuroscience and neurological applications of the ketogenic diet so here are my disclosures in regards to funding we're funded by a federal organizations and Foundations 501c3 foundations uh the John Wayne Cancer Foundation we've connected with Ethan Wayne John Wayne's son and they're funding some things and the bazucky brain research fund is actually helping us fund uh an area that we would call metabolic Psychiatry so and I think it's an up-and-coming area so food affects our mood and this is kind of like a new topic even to psychiatrists but as we change our diet it changes our brain chemistry and the neuropharma College of our brain in unique ways that are now being studied we have a number of patents that relate to some of the things I'll be talking about today I'm a consultant advisor for for different companies uh one company that I own is Ketone Technologies which is more of a consulting company and my site is ketonutrition.org which I expand on a lot of things that I'll be talking about today on that site on the blog you can sign up for the newsletter I also host metabolic Health Summit or co-host that and we have a podcast too the metabolic link podcast so it's just new and just starting out so uh the thing that got me interested in ketogenic diet and Ketone therapies is actually hyperbaric oxygen research so you're probably familiar or you've heard of hyperbaric oxygen therapy so there's about 14 different FDA approved applications for hyperbaric oxygen therapy one would be carbon monoxide poisoning if you're exposed to carbon monoxide decompression sickness if you're a diver and you have the bins and diabetic wounds is probably the biggest application and you could think of traumatic brain injury actually as a wound and hyperbaric oxygen therapy is not approved for traumatic brain injury but it's a very uh I would say public and and hot area of research right now and really it's important to define the hyperbaric oxygen protocol and everyone has a different response cyberbaric oxygen therapy so a limitation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy and also a limitation of Navy sealed divers using a closed circuit rebreather it's called central nervous system oxygen toxicity so oxygen is good for our bodies but under high levels of oxygen hyperbaric oxygen therapy is about two atmospheres of oxygen if you were to go up to five atmospheres of oxygen that would be a much greater dose of oxygen but what it does is it stimulates the brain and causes excess oxidative stress that can lead to a seizure a grand mal tonic clonic seizure so this is a limitation for our Navy SEAL diver so what we do is develop ways to predict to Monitor and to mitigate oxygen toxicity seizures so and I've been working on this for about 15 years and in an effort uh to develop a mitigation strategy I mostly focused on drugs when I got into this but when drugs fail to control seizures what do clinicians do one of the things in their toolbox is a ketogenic diet I majored in nutrition and I was kind of unfortunately I didn't even know that when I started this research so it got me from nutrition and biology and I studied Neuroscience for my PhD back into studying nutritional Neuroscience so I was very excited that I could bring nutrition back into my research program an important thing to understand is how ketosis is working as a neuroprotective strategy and we're going to talk a little bit about ketosis and brain energy so when you change your metabolic physiology that has a profound effect on your brain energy metabolism it has a profound effect on neural inflammation it has a profound effect on the neuropharmacology of your brain your neurotransmitter exchange we're going to talk about that again there's no other dietary strategy that can change your brain chemistry in a way that could uh stop seizures independent of the etiology so an important thing to sort of know about the ketogenic diet is that different drugs are used in Pharmacology to control different types of seizures but the ketogenic diet seems to work across many different seizure types temporal lobe epilepsy you know neurometabolic disorders that I'll be talking about and oxygen toxicity which I'll be talking about too so there has been since I I it was nine years ago that I was here it's hard to imagine time went by so fast but in that amount of time ketogenic diet research has really exploded and I'm going to show you kind of like the PubMed the amount of articles on PubMed there's been over 600 articles in 2022 and on clinicaltrials.gov there has been an amazing and there's dozens of different clinical trials going on and I've been in contact with you know probably about two dozen of the investigators in one way or another as they design the diet implementation strategies a barrier to entry to using the ketogenic diet or ketogenic therapies we'll talk about because there's different types of diets a barrier to entry is really the formulation of a diet and a lot of ketogenic diet research is not being done properly because the diet is not formulated properly and because there's not monitoring to basically confirm that the people following it are actually indeed in a state of ketosis so that's an important area and metabolic biomarker monitoring strategies so implementation strategies and monitoring strategies are very important when it comes to this and it's not discussed enough when it comes to setting up a ketogenic diet protocols so our lab has really a number of different tools including Atomic Force microscopy and that allows you to look at the level of the mitochondria and the membrane we have confocal microscopy I was trained in electrophysiology for my PhD a particular technique called patch clamping where you can record from single neurons in the brain or in culture and we also do a lot of radio telemetry we measure brain activity diaphragmatic EMG for respiration or EEG activity what we've done in our lab is we adapted these Technologies these off-the-shelf Technologies into hyperbaric chambers or into environmental Chambers and that allows us to manipulate the level of oxygen nitrogen helium you know allows us to manipulate oxygen which I'll be talking about here is what we're mostly interested in but we also look at inert gases and pressure and we have my postdoctoral fellowship project was mating Atomic Force microscopy into this chamber and mating it with a laser scanning confocal so we could measure the membrane and actually look at the mitochondria and optically section it while we're increasing higher levels of oxygen and those experiments led to an understanding that mitochondrial dysfunction was really uh the core thing that was contributing to oxygen toxicity seizures so if we could suppress oxidative stress and keep the mitochondria the PowerHouse of the cell functioning under these extreme environments then the cell could maintain its bioenergetic potential and neurons could fire and and work as they're supposed to so I tried a couple of different drugs and they didn't work and I was tinkering with different molecules and ketones seemed to be neuroprotective in every scenario that we are looking at so and that was in cell culture and then it led to animal studies But first you know I I've always had an interest in extreme environments a recreational diver when I was in college and then took a lot of technical diving classes later went on to be on NASA's extreme environment Mission operations which was a saturation environment uh so and spent like 10 days under water in a hyperbaric environment so so I'm very uh interested in extreme environments and I was studying it from the context of low oxygen during the 1990s looking at hypoxia so hyperoxia is the other extreme and we've looked at you know the effects on biological membranes the effect on on mitochondria I've taken tissue out of animals the hippocampus which is an involved in learning and memory and we can slice that area of the brain like a piece of bread right and we take the living hippocampal slice brain slice and we put it into a chamber and then we we can record from the hippocampus under graded levels of oxygen and we get seizure activity and you can see uh and here let me see well you can see the little spikes that are occurring in that slice which kind of looks like a rainbow of the green and the blue there and those slice that those little spikes it's called the orthodermic population Spike and as you get more spikes to a single stimulus that mimics a seizure so we can actually have a brain slice preparation and then we can record from it and actually get seizure-like activity and we're using different drugs and different things to manipulate that or to induce it and some of the early work that I did showed that superoxide level which is a form of free radicals we reactive oxygen species goes up in response to high levels of oxygen so it led to a theory that hyperbaric oxygen toxicity or what we call CNS oxygen toxicity is manifested by too much free radicals so so I was putting on different antioxidant drugs and they tend to work great in culture but when you load an animal up with antioxidant drugs and you put them in a hyperbaric oxygen environment that induces a seizure it doesn't seem to work very well and that's kind of the story of antioxidants they have their application but not in this so when we put an animal in five atmospheres of oxygen it increases the level of oxygen in the brain by about two thousand percent and typically you or me and rats will have a seizure when within about five minutes so this is the you know so we've moved so I'm going to talk about how this research evolved to understanding oxygen toxicity and how it led to the development of a mitigation strategy and our lab is very interested in moving the science to human applications so like I said I was you know living in a hyperbaric environment and the far left uh panel in the bottom is me measuring my Ketone levels my blood and my Ketone levels in a hyperbaric research environment that's called the Aquarius habitat off the the keys and it's maintained almost at about three atmospheres of pressure it's Hyperbaric error and periodically we would go out and do what's called an extra vehicular activity or an Eva where we would uh be working outside of the environment uh and we could go down to about up to 100 feet of seawater and my wife is very interested in uh in behavioral neuroscience and she had a number of different studies that we were doing so I had an iPad under under there and we were doing reaction time decision making and various cognitive protocols so she was assessing my cognitive test and I was in a state of ketosis and after I got back from this Eva my ketones were six and my blood glucose was three so the levels of ketones in my body was doubled the level of glucose so it's very apparent that when I was doing this task my brain was about two-thirds of my brain energy was being derived from ketones which is kind of interesting so we have moved the animal research and the cell research to uh to working with Duke University Dr Bruce Derrick where we have uh just completed a trial with the ketogenic diet and Ketone salt and MCT supplementation and now we just got approval actually like last week the IRB for a ketone Ester and and that's some research I'll talk about later but that's an example of the the situation or the system that they have there I'd be remiss about talking about ketosis and therapeutic ketosis and fasting without giving a you know acknowledgment of Dr George Cahill and Oliver Owen and I can include this in all my talks even 10 years ago it was prior to 1967 we thought that the brain could only use glucose as an energy source and some pioneering studies were done in the 60s and it was published in 1967 showing that when you fasted subjects for 40 days the level of ketones are typically zero in a person eating a standard diet right or even a diet back then and after about seven days the levels of ketones in your blood will go up and exceed the level of glucose and ketones have free access to getting across the blood-brain barrier and they can be used as energy depending upon the millimolar concentration that's in the blood so after about seven days the level of ketones are higher than the level of glucose in the blood and about 60 to 70 percent of brain energy metabolism is actually derived from ketones and they had to actually rewrite some of the medical textbooks I was really impressed and I got to talk to George Cahill passed away in 2012 but I got an opportunity to talk to him Dr Richard Veach of the NIH who trained under Hans kreb Dr Theodore van Italy Dr Sammy Hashem all these guys were icons and Pioneers and I got into this early enough to talk to them and uh and two of them are still alive today and they really steered me into this direction of studying ketones as a neuroprotective strategy another figure that I found in the book and I don't know exactly what study it came from but I was very impressed that the the IRB or whatever Ethics Committee approved fasting subjects for 40 days back then this is like this is not something that could be replicated today in any way shape or form we can't even fast an animal for like 24 hours you know in our lab so the fastest subjects no calories no calories they had water a little bit of maybe mineral supplements or electrolytes but in an extension of the study that I found it was in a textbook and I believe it came from this patient population the fastest subjects they injected them with 20 IUS of insulin so typically when you administer insulin you uh you administer after eating carbohydrates and the insulin helps to facilitate glucose uptake and a disposal in tissues right but people that are fasting right they have no glucose their glucose are already very low there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain blood glucose so when you're fasting you can make glucose through something called gluconeogenesis the glycerol backbone of triglycerides and we have gluconeogenic amino acids that can maintain our blood glucose surprisingly but when you inject insulin then that's a different scenario so when they injected insulin the glucose levels got down to about 18 to 20 milligrams per deciliter so I teach the medical students and I have this little graph that I show them it's like you know at 50 then you go unconscious and then at like 40 you're in a coma and then you're having seizures and stuff at like 40. so uh this patient population that were fasted for 40 days they were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia because their ketones were elevated so I was reading this literature and you know when I'm reading Dr Cahill's reviews I have to call him and I have to just you know it's like long conversations that I had with a lot of these investigators when I was a postdoc to just to understand this because had major implications for some of the things that I wanted to do so uh so this is very remarkable that subjects that were at a level of glucose that's universally fatal were asymptomatic and their cognitive function was fine so it was a very powerful evidence that ketones had remarkable potential for neurological resilience and physiological resilience which I was studying of course when you teach this and when you go I remember presenting at American epilepsy Society even on this idea of you know uh manipulating uh ketosis and stuff and diabetic ketoacidosis always comes up so the only in medical training typically ketosis is viewed as something that's uh in a negative context only in the context of diabetic ketoacidosis which is a unique situation pretty specific to type 1 diabetes when there's an absence of insulin right so it's very important to distinguish before we move forward the difference between pathological uh dka or and nutritional ketosis so nutritional ketosis your body if you have if you produce insulin you have very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain your ketones within a tight range so as ketones get elevated there's ketoneuria you pee it out as ketones get elevated it will stimulate the pancreas to make a little bit of insulin and that insulin will decrease beta oxidation of fatty acids in the liver and that will the the fat oxidation in the liver is actually what contributes to the Ketone production and you have so the ketones typically maintain within the 0.5 to 3 millimolar range and with diabetic ketoacidosis the Ketone levels are much much higher right so with diabetic ketoacidosis you're talking about levels above eight eight to Thirty millimeter millimolars of ketones so another thing to consider is that your glucose level is very high so you have very in the context of high glucose and that produces an acidic situation and that's diabetic if it's not mitigated with insulin hydration electrolytes and carbohydrates then it quickly leads to a coma and the person dies and I've seen this happen a former ihmc employee Dr Andrew kutnik worked in my lab did his PhD in the lab and before he started studying uh and researching ketogenic diets he had a couple close calls and it was very scary was students would come and run so Andrew's in trouble and you know he gravitated to eating a low-carb ketogenic diet and did a tedx talk talking about as a type 1 diabetic you know you can use a ketogenic diet a low carb diet to manage your type 1 diabetes so ketogenic diets as I got more interested in using a ketogenic diet I recognize that ketogenic diets have been around for a very long time for over a hundred years it was 2021 the Mayo Clinic Russell Wilder published a clinical bulletin and then it took a very long then ketogenic diets fell out of favor it was really the only therapy people with epilepsy had back then until drugs were developed in like the 50s and then 60s and they largely replaced the ketogenic diet uh but then eventually randomize controlled trials were done and the ketogenic diet uh well let's define it first so the key and I have other graphs that will Define it but the thing is carbohydrate restriction is the main manipulation with a ketogenic diet so under 20 grams of carbs typically with a strict ketogenic diet and 20 to 50 grams of carbs depending upon what what type of ketogenic diet uh there is and there's different types of ketogenic diets but about 60 percent of pediatric patients that are put on a ketogenic diet uh respond very favorably and this is uh to understand how and like amazing this is this is after multiple drugs fail so the the ketogenic diet is used for drug refractory epilepsy when everything else has failed right so that's important to acknowledge and most of the most of the the dietitians and the neurological team will tell you up front that nothing compares to the ketogenic diet is by far the most powerful therapy we have for epilepsy but it's very hard to implement and sustain for patients so in the 60 or about 62 to 65 of patients that respond 30 percent of them have over 90 seizure control which is above and beyond uh drugs and other responders 10 to 15 percent are super responders they have a hundred percent seizure control if they stay into a state of ketosis and most patients can stop the diet after one or two years and that's the story of Charlie Abrams that I'm going to talk to you about uh the Charlie Foundation Jim Abrams is a Hollywood producer started the foundation for his son and so this is in the Pediatric population and then later on it was 2008 that Dr Eric kossoff who trained under John Freeman who is really spearheaded ketogenic diet therapies at Johns Hopkins uh had written about different types of diets in the modified Atkins diet or the modified ketogenic diet which is much more liberal in protein which I kind of favor in a lot of studies are gravitating towards that area uh Dr Eric costoff's book ketogenic diet therapies for epilepsy and now they have for other disorders so you know when I first got into this it was ketogenic diet therapies uh for Pediatric epilepsy and it was uh John Freeman and then Eric kossoff who trained under John Freeman uh and there's no person that comes to mind that that is a the best representation of someone of an adult that has used this as my dancer and I I communicated with him in 2008 and before I steered towards the ketogenic diet I advise him to take Gaba and magnesium are all these different things and it didn't help his epilepsy he was diagnosed with terminal epilepsy and the the diet the neurologist said if you do not have surgery brain surgery to remove part of the hippocampus area that an area that they thought was causing the seizure that he was going to die within a year or two so and he was on every drug imaginable very high dose could not function on these drugs having many seizures per week is pretty bad scenario so we communicated then he would go black because he would you know have a seizure and his the post ictal once you have a seizure it takes a while to recover from it uh so long story short Mike did the ketogenic diet I didn't hear from him for about three months we we communicated again he was like I have not had a seizure it's like wow that's remarkable like what's your drugs you know it's like I'm off all my drugs I've just been doing the ketogenic diet he followed some basic guidelines think he had Dr Eric hostel's book so Mike dancer you could Google Mike dancer and epilepsy and he's like the adult spokesperson for the ketogenic diet and it's not as effective in adults as it is for a pediatric population I think there's various reasons for that the Pediatric brain may be a little bit more responsive but with adults uh the classical ketogenic diet the four to one ratio ketogenic diet is four parts fat and one part essentially protein with like little or no carbohydrates so what it comes and that's in grams and it's a little bit weird how it's calculated but it comes out to 90 percent or more uh calories uh if you calculate the calories percentage of calories of fat this is a very hard diet to follow I tried to do it when I first started researching it it's very hard to follow uh so the the dot so there's different types of diet the modified Atkins diet is typically used for adult populations and I would say about uh in 2008 it became popular and more than 50 percent of the registered clinical trials are probably using a modified Atkins approach now because now we know it doesn't have to be as strict and then there's some major problems you have with restricting protein like the growth of kids were stunted and some various problems that people had with the so uh Dr Jung Ro wrote a review article and and Dr jungrow uh he was at Barrow Neurological Institute when we connected and then he was chair at Calgary neurology and now he's at uh UC San Diego he's the director of the of Shands Hospital neurology there so he was the first real person that put the ketogenic diet on my map in regards to all the different mechanisms and we communicated and his a statement to me was that the ketogenic diet would ameliorate oxygen toxicity seizures that he thought so I copied and pasted this in in an email and I sent it to my office of Navy research program manager and he thought this was interesting and I sent him a number of different reviews on on it and he was like well let's have a workshop on this and you present the data so I presented the data one thing led to another and I ended up getting a grant like 2009-ish or something that kicked off the ketogenic diet or Ketone Ester studies so he wanted he was very interested in the a ketogenic diet in a pill which I'll be telling you about shortly but uh Jung Ro had an interesting comment back then and he said the ketogenic diet is not a Magic Bullet it's not a Magic Bullet it's a magic shotgun so when you change metabolic physiology you are changing so many different mechanisms and those mechanisms are synergistically neuroprotective so you're changing you know neurotransmitter systems mitochondrial function reactive oxygen species inflammatory Pathways and whenever you alter metabolism so many things are changing and there's a profound alteration of metabolic physiology with the ketogenic diet and that's why it's very unique it mimics fasting for many years even from Hippocrates 400 500 BC we knew that fasting could control seizures and many of the neuroprotective effects of the ketogenic diet overlap with fasting so the suppression of the hormone insulin the elevation of ketones the lowering of blood glucose all these things contribute in one way or another and you can imagine so at the bottom there there's an increase in in cellular bioenergetics the the cells have more energy of the brain so as I started studying this I realized well this has major implications for other things so a big part of the passion in our lab was expanding the application of the so and we really have to acknowledge uh we have to acknowledge Jim Abrams of the Charlie Foundation Hollywood producer he produced the the film airplane a Naked Gun and I connected with him well over 10 years ago uh I was asked to give a tedx talk on a topic you know on on our on our research and then I connected with him and had a number of conversations and now the conference that I host brings him and his family and and some of the proceeds go to supporting the Charlie foundation and um so he spearheaded this in 1994 and I remember because I watched a show Dateline NBC he talked about the ketogenic diet and that's helping his son Charlie who had drug refractory epilepsy and that shortly after that that was a major contributor to the number of ketogenic diets it put ketogenic diets on the radar for neurologists and people who study epilepsy and other seizure disorders so he connected Jim uh is in the world of Hollywood with deeper pockets and you know got people together to do a movie that sort of honored his story with his son it was a fictional story but like a docudrama so it was based on a true story and it had his friend was Meryl Streep so Meryl Streep did a movie about the ketogenic diet and it's called first Do no harm and I watched that movie it came out in 1997 but I watched that in 2008 and I started reading all these papers and I just started getting very excited about going steering my research program in the path of ketogenic Therapies so there's 604 peer-reviewed Publications and so the explosion uh so you see where the dot there is 2000 or 1997 and then I was right at the cusp where it just started exponentially exploding and in the last 10 years look at I mean all these applications so uh you know 10 years ago I would have just a couple little arrows here right but there has been and this is from PubMed so you have strong evidence uh of a therapeutic effect and then you have emerging science you know emerging studies that are being done uh everything from weight loss we've all heard of Atkins type 2 diabetes virta health is leading the charge there uh putting diabetes into remission uh congenital disorders inborn errors of metabolism glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome uh you know glycogen storage disease type two we study that in a lab it's called Palm syndrome we have like little pump mice and we have them run on treadmills and we see how far they can run with and without ketones and Deuce syndrome Dr Eric kossoff at Johns Hopkins uh just flat out says that there's nothing that even compares comes close to the ketogenic diet for managing kids on Deuce deuce syndrome it's a form of epilepsy so there's so many things where there's so many disorders where the ketogenic diet has a tremendous therapeutic response and then so many different things are coming out uh and that are not neurological type 1 diabetes who would have thought right so a major problem with type 1 diabetes is diabetic ketoacidosis but if you put someone on a low carb diet ketogenic diet the need for insulin comes down tremendously if you can manage your glycemia with less insulin there's no endocrinologist that would say that's not good right so it's almost hard to debate with an Endocrinology but the the thing is the implementation is hard you know and it's and the the fear of hypoglycemia but once I once your body's making ketones then you are resilient against it and you learn to manage your insulin you you're to manage your glucose with far less insulin non-alcoholic fatty liver disease therapeutically for cancer ketogenic diets can be a powerful adjuvant to the standard of care not as a standalone therapy although I've been in contact with people who failed the standard of care who responded to the ketogenic diet polycystic ovary disease Pisces to kidney disease gut health so many people communicate that have irritable bowel disorder irritable bowel syndrome IBD is ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease and then their celiac disease which is kind of like in between IBD and IBS and then a wide range of expanding neural neurological applications Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease should have that on the list Angelman syndrome Kabuki syndrome these are things that we study in the lab and of course oxygen toxicity seizures so before I came here I looked on clinicaltrials.gov and if you just do ketogenic diet and go through all the different studies this would have been a very short list the last time I talked here right so uh the evidence-based applications epilepsy different seizure disorders there's 14 Alzheimer's disease studies going on and under ketogenic diet you might find you quite often find studies that are using a type of ketogenic oil called medium chain triglyceride and some of them are even calling this the ketogenic diet so the ketogenic diet should be could maybe reframe ketogenic therapies Parkinson's disease there's a number of studies on that cancer and muscle wasting so it's really remarkable the number of studies that are emerging out of here and then psychiatric disorders bipolar or anxiety autism anorexia so the psychiatric disorder that kills more people than any other psychiatric disorder is anorexia so one of my colleagues at USF Diana Rancourt she's an expert in that and we have she's doing a study looking at Eating Disorders where she puts a continuous glucose monitor on them and it's blinded and they don't look at the data the the glucose levels on their phone but using this kind of Technology would give the caretaker or the medical team an observation over the person's eating Behavior so another area of research is very interesting and then traumatic brain injury it's been associated with a decrease in brain energy neural inflammation various factors that could be responsive to the ketogenic diet you go way down the list and you come chronic a COPD chronic obstructive pulmonary Disorder so COPD that's interesting I did my PhD in a pulmonary Critical Care department and went to Grand rounds and used taught respiratory physiology to the uh the residents and things like that my mentor made me do that COPD is like can ravage your lungs it's a death sentence so a person reached out to me by the name of Russell Windward and he goes under uh the name COPD athlete if you are on Twitter or if you're on Instagram and he sent me an email I think in 2015 when he saw a paper that we published in nature medicine on the ketogenic diet actually it was a ketone Ester and ketones suppressing the nlrp3 inflammazone you don't need to know what that is but this particular complex when it's activated it sets off a cytokine storm including il1 beta il-8 uh tnf Alpha things markers that you can measure and he sent me he he communicated with me and his functional uh expiratory volume was very low is like well under one uh liters per minute and I I told him to go get a cytokine profile and this is what he got and look at some of the cytokines I'll I'll One beta his il-8 the normal range is 0 to 28. he's at 449. so you know you see the little dot there in the red that would be out in the parking lot it would be out in the hrp building now that construction so that he's like literally off the charts when it comes to inflammatory markers and all these inflammatory markers Drive the fibrosis of COPD that's not reversible like and you know we learn in respiratory physiology I had the book of uh Dr Peter Barnes uh in when I was in and it you know COPD was non-reversible so we were able to get Peter Barnes actually on on this publication and uh that inspired me to go down this path so after uh Russell got on a ketogenic diet and started following it you could see his levels were really high and by the time 2020 to 21 came along all his mostly all his uh cytokines were backed down to normal and he was running marathons and I couldn't believe that he could even walk you know his functional residual functional expiratory volume was so low uh if you look back at like 2010 2000 he started doing various things but I think he's a bit of an outlier because you know he's super optimistic and I think that has a huge factor in your response I see it with people who have cancer people have epilepsy and other disorders if they follow a ketogenic diet they're more likely to follow through and put their markers where it's therapeutic and Russell definitely did that he would send me his Ketone levels his blood glucose levels what he was eating well he was posting on Instagram so I could see what he was doing so he was actually following it and not too many many patients can do that and he's running these big marathons all the time so it's just really amazing what he's done uh but one thing that we did not get into that case report uh because of conflicts of interest and various reasons is that Russell was also using periodically uh exogenous ketones so and he did report uh in the the paper although we had to kind of take the sentence out in reference to the Ketone Esters that he was taking but when he consumed ketones and his ketones went up his breathing improved dramatically so his acutely his ability to breathe correlated with his Ketone levels and that was really remarkable so I want to transition a little bit to different types of ketogenic diets and how to induce and sustain a state of therapeutic ketosis so there's different types of ketogenic diets from the classical ketogenic diet that's quite hard to the modified Atkins diet to a medium chain triglyceride diet medium chain triglycerides are a type of fat that when they're consumed they go quickly to the liver and they're metabolized and then they convert partially to ketones MCT types of fat can also get into circulation and MCT the actual fat itself can cross the blood-brain barrier so long chain fatty acids cannot cross the blood-brain barrier that's why our our liver breaks it down to ketones and their water-soluble fat molecules that can readily cross the blood-brain barrier we did I did not know this we you know gave animals MCT oil and then we took out the hippocampus we did metabolomics and then there was MCT in the hippocampus and I had to go back this is like 10 12 years ago and then come to find out when you take MCT oil part of it converts to ketones but the MCT can also go into the brain and actually function as an energy substrate so you can enter a state of ketosis with a strict ketogenic diet carbs really do have to be if you're not exercising 20 grams or less if you're exercising you know 50 grams it's kind of like the cut off point and then you can further augment the ketogenic diet with MCT oil it's a ketogenic fat there are people that are unwilling or unable to follow the ketogenic diet and in that case exogenous ketones can be a really amazing tool because you can consume a ketone Ester or Ketone salts or even the combination with MCT and you can circumvent the dietary restriction that's typically associated with achieving and maintaining a state of therapeutic ketosis so the Ketone levels that are that we measure in the blood would be beta hydroxybutyrate in the urine it's acetoacetate it will blow off something called acetone and that comes from acetoacetate and what's very interesting is that there's a wide array of commercially available technologies that we can use to monitor off-the-shelf technologies that you can get on Amazon or Walmart to monitor your blood Ketone levels and and you know if we consume them as a pill it's like having a meter that measures the levels of drugs in your system you know and then we can titrate your diet or your supplement to hit the therapeutic level that is most responsive uh to that manages your Disorder so what we've learned over the years is that Ketone levels are energy substrates and then Ketone levels are also very powerful signaling molecules and I could give a talk on each one of these signaling mechanisms reactive oxygen species is which uh glycolytic flux neurotransmitter systems Gaba levels go up relative to glutamate and that's therapeutic adenosine one receptor signaling we've published like five papers on that NAD levels you've heard of the NAD supplement people are taking nicotinamide riboside nicotinamide mononucleotide mib626 I think is like the new drug so when you're on a ketogenic diet and our metabolomics show this NAD goes off the charts so your na and there are many neuroscientists that believe that NAD the elevation of NAD is actually what's you know the main driver of some of the Therapeutics so we're actually doing working on a grant to study that and then inflammation and my student that's studying the epigenetic mechanisms of ketones specifically something called beta hydroxybutylation so I don't have time to get into it but ketones can alter our gene expression and there's some evidence that beta hydroxybutyrate can directly interact with the heat the the histones which modify gene expression and that's her PhD project for something called Kabuki syndrome so the benefits of ketones Are Not Just Energy so the nlrp3 inflammasome so one of the nature medicine papers that got on the radar of Russell so the reason that he followed the ketogenic diet is that uh NRP the nlrp3 is a major driver for COPD so he was like do you think this would work and I was like well just try it because nothing else is going to work and it had he had a remarkable response so there's a lot of evidence now that it's basically showing that ketones are powerful signaling molecules independent of their bioenergetic effects and there's a ketone receptor the GPR 109a receptor it's yeah so there's there's actually a receptor for the Ketone so think of ketones as more like a a metabolic hormone that has a broad array effects across different tissue levels but I'm kind of biased towards the brain so I kind of focus on the brain and here are papers that we've published on Ketone induced neuroprotection in the context of oxygen toxicity seizures so the first paper was an early paper about 10 years ago that showed about 600 percent increase in the resilience to high pressure oxygen five atmospheres of oxygen with a ketone Ester and then my wife led a study looking at different types of exogenous ketones and we find that when we mix a ketone Ester with MCT a medium chain triglycerides or ketogenic fats seem to enhance the effects of Ketone salts and Ketone Esters so I don't believe that one particular Ketone Ester is going to work for all different applications and that there are there's a lot of potential for innovation in formulating different types of Ketone formulations for different types of disorders the most the mo the main important thing is to make it tolerable and to make it taste so someone will actually consume this over and you can put Ketone Esters into capsules too and deliver it in different ways that would make get a little more tolerable and then our PhD students published a number of papers looking mechanistically on how ketones work and I don't have time to get into it but it's really targeting uh the mitochondrion ways that suppress that superoxide level that I showed you in the hippocampus that goes up with high oxygen it suppresses that down to normal so and also we did a study you know if you take an anti-epileptic drug and you give that to a war fighter and it manages oxygen toxicity seizures what you get is a decrease in cognitive Performance and Physical performance so we wanted to know that higher doses of Ketone Esters would not decrease cognitive or physical performance so we did a variety of different Behavioral Studies and physical studies on animals in addition to our seizure studies to show that there was no decrease in cognitive or physical performance what we did see though was that there was a decrease in anxiety so the Ketone Esters had an anxiolytic effect and when my wife was administering the Ketone Esters to animals she noticed that they were much easier to hold and they didn't have this exaggerated fear response when you go and pick them up you know and that was really interesting and she was like well why don't we study it and it didn't really have any funding at the time but I used some departmental funding to kick off a number of studies that got published I think we study published about three or four studies looking at the anxiolytic effects of ketones and that's a whole other area of research that's evolving in our lab the behavioral effects of ketones so we published a review article with Dr Jung Ro which was kind of surreal to me because he was the person the icon that really got me into this field at the time and he encouraged us to write a review article entitled Ketone Administration for seizure disorders the history of this it's a very rich history the rationale for Ketone Esters and metabolic Alternatives and Ketone Esters have the greatest potential to quickly Elevate ketones at a very high level so for therapeutic applications I do think it's definitely imperative that ketones get to a certain level that you probably can achieve with MCT oil or Ketone salts for some applications so it was more towards geared towards Ketone Esters and and it really just goes into you know the rationale for this there's very strong scientific rationale and it was really a statement to the world of Neurology and epileptologist that hey we have to we have to put our put some eyes on this and this is a very promising Avenue I mean anti-epileptic drugs have really they don't work 30 percent of the time and that's a big chunk of the population and even the subjects where aeds do work they typically only partially work and then they have a whole bunch of side effects so uh you know developing a metabolic based therapy is just a super promising thing so I've tried to stay very active with the American epilepsy Society I've chaired the dietary interests or it's called the special interest group in dietary therapies and and it's you know it started out just 40 people and now it's like two three hundred people so I see this area expanding and and I'm very encouraged by that another potential application is using Ketone bodies to prevent muscle wasting and my former PhD student former ihmc employee Dr Andrew kutnik he was type 1 diabetic he was a type 1 diabetic that I told you about uh his project was not type 1 diabetes in my lab his project was cancer specifically cancer cachexia so he did a number of studies showing that ketones have an anti-catabolic effect and we got it published in a number of really good journals and you know there's a number of different reasons for that there's a bioenergetic reason maybe that decreased nitrogen excretion a decreased alanine mobilization alanines and amino acid that's in muscle and if it's not mobilized and levels go down you know protein catabolism is decreased and then there's some evidence of skeletal muscle protein synthesis the main thing I think that the the conditions the muscle wasting conditions that are most responsive in my opinion and I think Andrew would agree are conditions where the muscle wasting is occurring because of inflammation so we did a number of studies using something called LPS lipopolysaccharide and when you give that to animals there's massive inflammation and muscle wasting it mitigated muscle wasting associated with that and we think this has applications for cancer cachexia which is driven by inflammation and also age-related sarcopenia and when you have a cancer patient you have a patient that has cancer they have cancer cachexia they have typically they're older they have age-related sarcopenia and if they go on chemotherapy they have massive chemotherapy-induced muscle weights and so you have this and then they're you know if they become bedridden and then if they're not functioning just a little bit of effort a little bit of exercise can massively increase you know uh can play a role in keeping the muscle that you have and typically that doesn't happen if you're a cancer patient so you have this Synergy of things that contributes to a massive muscle loss and ketones evolutionarily when you're fasting we would catabolize all our muscle tissue if we did not make ketones right so if we stop eating for 10 days and we didn't have ketones our brain would need energy so we would catabolize all the gluconeogenic amino acids and skeletal muscle and we quickly waste away so there's evolutionarily a very important anti-catabolic muscle sparing function of ketones in regards to bioenergetics the ketones are made in the liver you know our body makes ketones and the brain uses ketones and there's a number of different mechanisms that do that prevent uh the use of glucose in the brain right and ketones can circumvent that specifically just going back here the glut 1 transporter which transports glucose across the blood-brain barrier if you have glut 1 deficiency the level of glucose in the cerebral spinal fluid is like two millimolar and then uh in the blood it could be normal and the glut 3 transporter in the in the neurons and then an enzyme in the brain called pyruvate dehydrogenase complex and this is associated with Alzheimer's disease traumatic brain injury this glucose hypometabolism and you can see it in Alzheimer's patients you can also see it in patients that are depressed this glucose hypo metabolism and elevating ketones can restore brain energy production and this is sort of the rationale for using it for Alzheimer's disease so there's a great review article that was entitled The therapeutic role of the ketogenic diet neurological disorders and it lists the the studies I don't have time to go into it but most of the studies we're using an MCT based formulation because it's hard for people with Alzheimer's disease to to follow a ketogenic diet or they're using a ketogenic diet with a combination of MCT so it increased in brain blood flow it actually increased a number of different performance measures on various tests and you know in the bottom study the Philips are we've been communicating you know and he was sending me the data before it was published a huge increase in the quality of life and daily daily activities of patients so again modified ketogenic diets I think are going to be more favorable over the classical ketogenic diet and we can further augment the therapeutic efficacy of the diet with supplementation and that could be MCT oil it could be Ketone salts or Ketone electrolytes and you could basically make your Ketone levels the top is we use an index called the glucose Ketone Index right and typically the normal person has a glucose Ketone index of like 30 to 60 and when you go low carb it may drop to about 10 but a ketogenic diet is therapeutic within like the one to four range and I could not achieve a gki of one unless I added Ketone supplementation to a modified ketogenic diet so you could further augment it into the therapeutic range there are a number of side effects with the ketogenic diet they're transient they're manageable so I'm not going to go too much into it but if you have pancreatitis or you know you have a history of kidney stones you might want to not necessarily reconsider it but ensure that you're you know hydrated taking potassium citrate and there's some tests that you should do to look at your blood lipids too some people have a very high elevation of LDL and apob we don't know what that means but you know if you're on a strict ketogenic diet we might want to gravitate towards a low carb diet and Ketone supplementation in that context until we know what the very high levels of LDL mean so just some things to consider biobarker monitoring is so important there's urine breath and blood and then future devices are being developed that would allow us to measure glucose and ketones at the same time or in real time and this can be amazing tool for clinicians that are monitoring patients and it's so incredibly important if you implement this diet to have a well-formulated ketogenic diet but to monitor it especially if you're using it therapeutically it's very important to monitor these things and it's pretty cheap to do it I mean there's the the urine ketone strips they get a bad wrap but the clinicians that use it say they correlate with seizure control so it might be good to start off with you know a nine ten dollar kit of urine ketone strips so the takeaways here are that therapeutic ketosis has applications Beyond epilepsy you know 10 years ago there wasn't a whole lot of applications but there are now ketones can shift brain energy mitochondrial function inflammation signaling and neurotransmitter systems and and it's really you know if you're going to use this therapeutically you really need to work with a clinical team a dietitian there's many dietitians on the keto ketonutrition.org website that I've collaborated with off of their services on my website and self-monitoring so if you're managing something like type 2 diabetes or any age-related chronic disorder you have to remember that 98 of the decision making for managing that disorder is outside the care of a clinical team so it's really up to you you know you know for diabetes or other disorders like 99 of the clinical management decisions are outside of the clinic and it really comes down to the patient so there are tools available that allow you to do that there's a lot of unanswered questions you know what conditions are going to be most responsive uh can exogenous ketones replace the ketogenic diet maybe for some disorders but I think there's the center energy is what's important and the optimal formulation dose and frequency we don't know yet these studies need to be done and if you just go to clinicaltrials.gov and put in Ketone supplements there's like 60 or 70 clinical trials already I forgot to put that slide on there but you know when I talked here to do is none you know when I talked to you last time so over 50 I'm sure so that that's very promising and these are just ongoing and future projects uh there was two main things to talk about with cancer Kabuki syndrome Pomp and Longevity study we have going on so I told my PhD student Sarah Moss to just make me a figure so that's the figure up there we give ketogenic agents to rodents and we take the liver the muscle the brain and the tumor the liver is really important because the liver is just an amazing you know organ and it's really controlling ketogenesis and so many different things and we're looking at metabolomics epigenetic signaling autophagic flux we've all heard about autophagy right it's a good thing to be in so we measure what's called autophagic flux uh and I have there's a trial that we're doing in animal trial with uh with Dr Sarah Burke it's funded from an nhro1 looking at Alzheimer's disease in a rat model and then the work at Duke is what I'm super excited about I'm excited about everything but the the work at Duke is really moving the science to human application right so I talked about monitoring is so important when you get on the diet you got to monitor all these things to understand if it's working you don't have to go this far that this guy in this chamber here so this guy is in a hyperbaric chamber he's got an IV line that goes through the chamber goes to like a mass spec we got blood gases EEG and he's doing a simulator and he's exercising and all these things so yeah you don't have to go that far but it's giving us a really good appreciation of how these metabolic interventions are promoting resilience in these extreme environments and lastly I just like to plug Dr Allison Hall from Florida Medical Clinic she's now part of USF and we've done a study using continuous glucose monitoring for metabolic optimization we also measure insulin which is super important hscrp we do a lot of different measurements but using CGM as a behavioral tool so if you have a continuous glucose monitor on you and you're eating your diet and you look at your phone and you see your blood sugar Spike that teaches you not to eat that to eat something else or to eat less of it so it becomes a very powerful tool that's coaching people and I'm working with a company levels Health that's doing that and also I get my medical students involved so we got like a dozen medical students that I mentor and I have them writing articles like scoping review on the use of continuous glucose monitors for non-diabetic applications so I'm really teaching them to understand metabolic therapy so they can take it to their practice so I'm up here speaking but it's my students and the post docs the research Associates the undergrads medical students that are doing all the work and we host a conference called metabolic Health Summit and they all help this conference uh I'm just a co-host along for the ride but they do all the work we also as I mentioned the metabolic link podcast that just started uh and I got to give credit to my mentor Dr J Dean the Hyperbaric biomedical research lab who's my postdoc Mentor Mentor when I was a PhD student and a lot of the Hyperbaric work was done in that lab and our collaborator in Hungary he's done an amazing amount of mechanistic work and researched some of the research that we published or the last couple years and I'm going to plug Dr Mary Newport who is a speaker I think maybe in Ocala in 2013 I believe her husband Steve had Alzheimer's didn't get to talk about her story but clearly keto is a book that she recently published and I wrote the forward to it along with my PhD student now Dr Melanie Brownlow so it talks all about ketones if you want to dive down into that subject well thank you for your attention I think I went a little too far on the time but thank you very much [Applause] challenges I'm sorry I didn't did someone yeah oh sorry in in the context of uh Parkinson's disease or other yep yep my dad's having that and uh he has a little bit of vertigo actually uh I I think that they it has not been studied it's a very good question um you know as we age balance is one of those things that it's hard to train you know balance but I think you know stabilizing exercises and things like that go a long way I didn't really get to talk about exercise and and other different things but I believe that ketogenic therapies are synergistic with other therapies like different exercise protocol where synergistic wear one in one equals three right so you go on a higher protein ketogenic kind of diet that would help you build muscle and you do that in the context of an exercise program and that and or a drug regimen too and I think it could further augment things that are typically used in the standard of care so uh yeah I think it's worth a try yeah APO E4 uh yeah it's an interesting scenario so you know some people I mean if we read and we get into it if you're apo44 which is maybe two to three percent of the population uh one would think that your likelihood of getting Alzheimer's disease is really hard and you can't really do anything about it but there are people that are 80 there are people that are over 100 years old that are 8044 that are homozygous for that uh what we do know is that different metabolic interventions and I think it's going to be a Synergy of Lifestyle things you know it's going to be brain training it's going to be exercise it's going to be uh perhaps ketogenic interventions there was a study that was even referenced in that review article that I had up there suggesting that if your APO E4 ketogenic interventions uh people that are homozygous for apoe4 would be less responsive to ketogenic interventions but I read that study and I dug into it and then I I just talked to Sam Henderson who published that study and he actually disagrees with that so the rate of change was less for that phenotype but it was a very short study and um my opinion and even the opinion of the author Sam Henderson Henderson that published that study would suggest that APO and I've communicated actually Steve Newport Dr Mary newport's son the person who wrote that book actually she wrote The Complete Book of ketones and clearly keto which is all about ketones she was a guest speaker in one of my class and we the in 2009 we went out to lunch and I watched him consume MCT oil and coconut oil at a very high dose and I watched his tremors so he was diagnosed he would probably had Lewy Body Dementia in addition to he had a mix of uh things but I I watched him become more animated I watched his Tremor stop and he was apoe 4-4 so uh and I've communicated with you know probably at least a dozen patients that are APO E4 that that believed that they were at least acutely impacted in a positive way by ketogenic interventions and that could be the diet many of them were taking Ketone Esters or Ketone supplements but it needs to be studied more yep yes of total pressure but not oxygen so okay yeah hyperbatch error Maybe they were okay so this was not this was research then oh treatments I wait wait oh 66 feet not six point not six atmospheres six atmospheres okay that's that's beyond I mean hyperbaric oxygen therapy the the highest level is three atmospheres that's the highest and the potential for oxygen toxicity at five atmospheres if you go by the Navy dive charge uh is within five to ten minutes so six atmospheres I mean there's studies that have been done and I've communicated with a lot of people but I've never heard of hyperbaric oxygen therapy being done at six atmospheres pressure okay multi-place chamber a multi-place chamber yeah okay well I don't I I mean I'm pretty familiar with hyperbaric oxygen therapy uh in the context of 100 oxygen so you could there's many studies that are done where you go down to like five to even ten atmospheres of oxygen and then you have a lot you have a tech inside the multi-place chamber and then you put the mask on the person and if they have a seizure they take a mask off right and they're exposed to Hyperbaric error and then the seizure quickly stops but I've never heard six atmospheres of oxygen being well I've communicated with people that are doing this for things like because when you're in ketosis right you can tolerate higher levels so there are some people that have modified their Chambers to get more therapeutic levels of community but I've never heard of anything published or anything oh so you're doing air brakes air brakes with a okay uh yeah it may be it's very it's an unconventional approach but uh I'm actually very interested in this because because as I talked about the limitation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy is oxygen toxicity seizure but if you're in a state of ketosis right so I've communicated people with brain tumors and other disorders where they're getting seizures in the monoplace chamber but then they're in ketosis and they have no problem so I'm of the opinion that if you're in a high state of ketosis then you could really optimize hyperbaric oxygen therapy not only does it increase brain blood flow and other things that this should be done for patients with traumatic brain injury so hyperbaric oxygen therapy with people with traumatic brain injury is a very touchy area of research but I think it should be done but only in the context of people in deep therapeutic ketosis I think it would be so but very interesting I'd like to to hear more about yeah yep

  Top Comments:
  1. @billbrennan8177 [16 likes]: I reversed 95% of my ALS Bulbar, reversed my COPD, severe sleep apnea, and more, while on a ketogenic fasting mimicking diet w/ intermittent fasting and periodic prolonged fasting protocol that I developed, and I have the medical records to prove it. 
I teach nutrition / how to reverse diseases in my free group. 🙏⚡️
  2. @HansYolo1 [14 likes]: Stating the ketogenic diet is very difficult to maintain is hyperbolic. I have been keto for 15 months and lost 50 lbs. It was difficult at FIRST but is now very easy. The mind and cravings change with the diet eliminating carb and sugar addiction.
  3. @Rawwagyu [6 likes]: This is this is the most important  under watched video on YouTube and not only in  wake of mandated vaccinations and zero main stream media  emphasis on nutrition during covid. I’ve already done  the studies for you (on myself)  keto with moderate prolonged fasting spared me from onset nurological disease but it’s an uphill battle to go mainstream because there’s no money in it and will take money from food and drug suppliers. Let me know if you want my knowledge / experience Dom if u see this
  4. @jesseherbert2585 [5 likes]: My young relative is using a ketogenic diet to treat schizoaffective disorder and bipolar. Entirely off medication, as well as competing in cross country at the high school level and doing as well as when carb fueled, after only two months. This research will be getting shared with my students!
  5. @Efro1953 [4 likes]: Everything is so interesting! Thank you. My only comment i you should not refer to "your wife"  She is a scientist and she has a name. Please refer to her by her name.
  6. @frustratedresearcher3186 [4 likes]: Important information. Some brand new to me. Appreciate your research.
  7. @auricauric8150 [4 likes]: magnificent. thanks professor
  8. @EmiliaBieganowska [3 likes]: Very informative, thank you!
  9. @swimfit57 [2 likes]: Wonderful podcast
  10. @joec1212 [2 likes]: Great content.   Thanks Dom!
  11. @monag.769 [2 likes]: Love the comment on  the effect of the ketogenic diet on  NAD+ levels. Right now l am taking NMN, l might be able to put the money in exogenous ketones in the future😉
  12. @freedomlover81 [2 likes]: Amazing!!
  13. @kernelisallyouneed [1 likes]: This lecture was very informative and interesting to say the least.
  14. @konstantinosstavropoulos3605 [1 likes]: bom
  15. @theresehazen528: Wow.
  16. @elec3calengr: Any research on improvement of learning and memory for healthy students👩‍🎓?
  17. @johnmartinsen963: Thanks for posting!  Like subscribe and share everyone 🙏🙏🙏

- Dominic D'Agostino: Metabolic Therapies: Therapeutic Implications and Practical Application: Kind: captions Language: en Thank you for the kind introduction, Bonnie, and thank you, Ken, for the opportunity to to give this lecture and be part of this lecture series. So, I've been really blown away by by the innovation and the research that's going on at IHMC. And and also the outreach programs, including such programs like the summer robotics program and in this lecture series. And it's really an honor to be here today to talk about a topic that I'm very passionate about. Which includes metabolic therapy research. And first, I'd like to acknowledge the funding agency that has led to the development of these metabolic therapies, and that's the Office of Navy Research. The Office of Navy Research has been funding me now for 9 years, and the primary the the main application of the metabolic therapy that that I'll be talking about is for central nervous system oxygen toxicity or CNS oxygen toxicity seizures. And these are experienced in Navy SEAL divers who use a special closed-circuit rebreathing apparatus. So, the research that we did Let me see. Oops. Sorry. The research that we did to develop a therapy for CNS oxygen toxicity led to the development of metabolic therapies, diets, and and and nutritional supplementation that have applications for a broad range of neurological disorders. Including Alzheimer's disease and we think Parkinson's disease and traumatic brain injury. And they also have potential application for a variety of metabolic disorders, including type 2 diabetes and glucose transporter disorders. And the main application that I want to focus on tonight, and that I think I want to focus most of my effort on that the second half of the talk is cancer. And so just to let you know that oxygen toxicity seizures result from breathing oxygen at a concentration above 2.5 atmospheres. So we're at one atmosphere now, and 2.5 atmospheres would be about 50 ft of seawater. hyperbaric oxygen therapy, a limitation of the therapeutic potential of oxygen therapy is CNS oxygen toxicity seizures. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy is used for a number of applications, up to 13 FDA-approved applications, including a decompression sickness, carbon monoxide poisoning, and uh and also ischemic wounds. So as it relates to diving, so I mentioned that uh Navy SEAL divers they use a closed-circuit rebreather, which is breathing 100% oxygen. So oxygen toxicity is a limitation to their diving because at just 50 ft of seawater uh let me get the pointer here. At just 50 ft of seawater, the potential for oxygen toxicity exists uh in just within 10 minutes. So as you can imagine, this is a severe limitation of their dive operations. And having a seizure underwater can be fatal. So the question that our lab is focused on uh in my my early work as a post-doctoral fellow focused on understanding the molecular and the cellular mechanisms of CNS oxygen toxicity. We really don't know why these seizures occur and we don't have any method to predict them. Uh they occur relatively with no warning. So, we asked the question, why do these seizures occur and how can we prevent them? To understand fundamentally what uh oxygen seizures are, we use a variety of methods in the lab and these include uh atomic force microscopy, uh fluorescence microscopy, laser scanning confocal microscopy, electrophysiology, and radio telemetry. What we've done in our laboratory is that we've uh we've adapted these techniques for use at hyperbaric pressures. So, here's an example of uh a system that we've developed uh that is essentially an uh fluorescence microscope, uh confocal microscopy, and also atomic force microscopy. And with this technology, we're able to essentially dive a uh a preparation. It could be cells, it could be tissues, and in other uh in other equipment, we can do animal studies in rodent models. And with this equipment and with atomic force microscopy, this allows us to understand how oxygen at graded levels of pressure cause changes in the the cell membrane and also the proteins embedded in those membranes. And we can also, using uh scanning confocal microscopy, look at the the function of the mitochondria. So, the mitochondria of the cells are part of the energy system. So, they are like the batteries of the cells. They supply the cells with energy. And we think that excess amounts of of oxygen contribute to the formation of reactive oxygen species, also known as free radicals. Now, these free radicals can damage the the lipids, the proteins uh uh within the membrane and they disrupt the function of the membrane which is a big uh regulator of the cell's activity. And what we know, jumping from the the level of the membrane and the mitochondria, what we know is that uh an increased amount of pressure, and we do these studies in rodent models, can lead to a seizure relatively quickly. So about five atmospheres of oxygen can produce a seizure in our rodent model within about uh within about 10 minutes. So five atmospheres of oxygen is 132 ft of seawater. So what we can do is in our seizure studies, we can instrument the animal uh to measure EEG activity uh and physiological activity within the body including heart rate and respiration. And this allows us to screen a variety of agents and some of them I'll be talking about today to determine uh to increase the the resistance, the physiological resistance to this high pressure oxygen. So there's a variety of strategies that we uh that have been tried to mitigate oxygen toxicity seizures. uh of course, you know, the first one would be to dive within your exposure limits. But that's not always an option if you're doing an operation or uh undergoing a mission where the situation requires you to dive deeper or to stay down for a longer period of time. So it's really um a lot of guys who use rebreathers are faced with situations where they have to push the limits of the of the uh of their rebreathers. Antioxidants have been a strategy that the the Office of Naval Research have looked into and they have been largely ineffective. So in in vitro models in a cell culture dish or tissues, antioxidants tend to protect cells against high levels of oxygen, which proportionally produce a higher level of reactive oxygen species. But in animal models, they tend not to work. And in in divers, too, they're they're largely ineffective. Another option to prevent oxygen toxicity seizures is the use of antiepileptic drugs, anti-seizure drugs. The problem with using anti-seizure drugs as you may know, there's a lot of side effects associated with their use. And and also the the levels needed to prevent oxygen toxicity are so high that it would create side effects that would impair the Navy SEAL divers. So, investigating the the potential mechanisms to prevent oxygen toxicity, I came across the body of literature that that demonstrated that starvation ketosis, that fasting rodents for 24 to 36 hours produced a remarkable increase in the resistance to oxygen toxicity seizures. And it was above and beyond anything that I saw in the literature, uh above most antiepileptic drugs. So, this was something that was relatively straightforward um and highly effective in in most animal models tested. So, there was a delay and up to 250% delay in seizures uh with with 36 hours of fasting. So, the question I had and really became motivated to to understand was how does starvation change brain energy metabolism? So, we know from from early reports, and this uh is from a 1922 from the paper, uh it indicated that fasting was a cure for epilepsy. And literature that goes back scripture and even uh 400 BC during the time of Hippocrates, it was written that fasting could be a cure for seizures. So, no one really knows no one has really contributed more to understanding fuel metabolism in the brain than George Cahill, the late George Cahill. And I had the opportunity to talk to him before he passed in in 2010, but he has really been a pioneer in these studies to to fully understand how brain metabolism changes in in the face of starvation. And so prior to 1967 when he did studies with Oliver Owen at Harvard, it was thought that the brain relied exclusively off glucose as its primary fuel source, that a 100% of the energy from the brain was derived from glucose. And that is true in the fed state. So, we know when our bodies are fed, especially with carbohydrates, that our brain activity is fed primarily 100% off glucose. But during the state of starvation, he had he had written a report showing in humans actually that during starvation, prolonged starvation up to 2/3 of the energy from our brain is derived from ketone bodies and beta-hydroxybutyrate is a primary ketone body and acetoacetate. So, I asked the question like how how did they do this? How did they cuz you would have to measure the blood going to the brain and the blood coming away and determine the level of glucose and ketones in there. And most importantly, you would have to fast patients for a very long period of time to be able to get this data. So, I dug deeper and and came across a very interesting body of literature. And this was a study that he had done at Harvard with Oliver Owen and and other colleagues where they fasted medical students actually for 40 days. And these were overweight medical students. Obviously, this is an experiment that could never be replicated today. So they were they essentially went without any food without any calories for 40 days because it was in the Bible. So they they fasted for 40 days and and that's a true story. And and what they showed is that, you know, within a week's time there was a dramatic elevation in the blood levels of ketones and beta hydroxybutyrate being the primary ketone body. And there there was a quick drop in blood glucose that kind of stabilized because our bodies are the regulation of glucose is there's very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that regulate the level of glucose in our blood. And we call one word is gluconeogenesis is the way. So we can break down amino acids and even break down products from fatty acids, glycerol, to maintain the level of glucose. But what is what was very clear from the studies that he did and and what, you know, was prior, you know, unknown was that the the primary energy substrate during prolonged fasting was ketone bodies. So as an extension of this study that is really remarkable and and kind of fascinates me today, he provided evidence that ketosis protects the brain, provides resilience against hypoglycemia. Now what he did in a in a subsection of these subjects in a fasted state, he injected 20 IUs of insulin was administered. Now if you know insulin is a very powerful drug and if any of us were you know injected with 20 IU's of insulin and no carbohydrates, it would lead to hypoglycemia and and death likely or into a coma. But what was interesting in these fasting subjects, you would think they would be even more uh reactive to to the insulin injected. It produced severe hypoglycemia 1 to 2 millimolars, which is usually fatal. 100% fatal 1 millimolar would be in in subjects. Uh so the severe hypoglycemia was achieved in these subjects, but all all of them survived without brain damage and without coma. And interestingly, all three were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia. They were perfectly fine. So they had no signs of hypoglycemia. And it's it's really a dramatic demonstration that ketone bodies elevated during starvation uh can protect the brain or preserve brain metabolism uh during hypoglycemia. So the implications of that uh when I read this, I thought the implications of that were tremendous. I thought you know there's a a wide variety of ap- applications for an alternative fuel to glucose for the brain. So before I go any farther, I want to cover briefly some ketone terminology. And I realize that uh there have been other speakers here that talked about the ketogenic diet and low-carb dieting. Um and they've covered the subject really well. And what I want to do is just kind of do a quick overview uh because many of you people are familiar with this topic. Uh just just to let you know that that ketone bodies uh one of the main messages here are that they are energy substrates from fatty acid oxidation typically. So your your body takes fats from the food that we eat or from our body fat and our liver can convert these to essentially water-soluble fat molecules that can cross the blood brain barrier and become an efficient fuel source for the brain. Ketosis is defined somewhat arbitrarily as an elevation of blood ketones above 0.5 millimolar. So that will become sort of important as I as I talk to you about some of the data that we have. Nutritional ketosis achieved with typically the ketogenic diet is a dietary strategy to elevate blood ketones primarily from the restriction of carbohydrates. So our diets are comprised of fats, protein, and carbohydrates. And the USDA guidelines indicate that we should get about 65, maybe 70% of our energy from carbohydrates. So restricting the what work is considered to be the primary source of energy in our diets is kind of difficult for us to do. So achieving nutritional ketosis to elevate ketones is involves a highly motivated person that follows a pretty strict dietary guidelines. So when we talk about ketosis, what often comes up in my talks the question is ketoacidosis. So I want to address this now. Most people when they hear the word ketosis, they think of diabetic ketoacidosis. And that occurs it's it's metabolic disorder or metabolic derangement if if you want to call it that uh that occurs in type 1 diabetics who are deficient in insulin. So insulin plays a big role in regulating many aspects of metabolism including ketogenesis. And without insulin in our body, we have essentially runaway ketogenesis. So we have very high elevation of ketones and we have an high elevation of glucose at the same time. So this can lead to a pathological condition uh a metabolic acidosis that can quickly lead to coma and death. So, nutritional ketosis is is much different than that. So, the two are very different. Uh with with uh an elevation of pathological ketosis occurs typically when ketone levels get well above 10 millimolar and also when blood glucose levels are high. Whereas nutritional ketosis is, you know, can be achieved at just 1 millimolar up to 5 millimolar typically and blood glucose stays low. So, that's an important um message that I want you to have. Keto-adaptation is a a term that's used to describe the physiological shift towards using fatty acids and ketone bodies for fuel. And this is a process and it typically takes, uh you know, upwards of to two to three to four weeks for your body to become efficiently adapted to using ketones for fuel. And the longer you stay in ketosis, the better your body can utilize and transport ketones and the easier it is to follow and the more benefits you derive from it. So, a lot of my talk or the second half of my talk is going to talk about exogenous ketones. So, these can be produced synthetically or from naturally derived substances that artificially produce what I call instant ketosis. So, in the graph I showed you, it takes about a week to produce, you know, really high levels of ketones in the blood. Well, what if we could do that in just 10 to 15 minutes? And I showed you that ketones are very neuroprotective and they protect the brain against uh hypoglycemia and they also provide the brain an efficient source of energy, um which is critical perhaps in diseases where there's impaired glucose metabolism in the brain. getting back to nutritional ketosis as it relates to the ketogenic diet, we know that the ketogenic diet, which is restricting carbohydrates and eating high fat, mimics the effect of fasting. specifically, it mimics the effect of fasting in controlling seizures. So, the ketogenic diet is the standard of care for drug-refractory or drug-resistant epilepsy. So, when drugs fail, and this has been shown quite convincingly in the literature through a number of different studies, the ketogenic diet can control seizures in about 2/3 of the patients with drug-refractory epilepsy. And and 1/3 of those patients are are completely seizure-free, up to 90% or more seizure-free. So, it's remarkably effective as a means to metabolically manage seizures. And I think it's grossly underutilized cuz usually it's the last resort, you know, that is given to the patient. But, what's important and perhaps a reason for that is that compliance to the diet is is very difficult to do for many people, especially for kids. So, the diet needs to be highly restricted in carbohydrates, 5% or less, and very high, up to 75% of the energy of of the diet needs to come from fats. So, this this macronutrient ratio needs to be maintained to to to elevate ketone levels in the body. And what typically happens with a ketogenic diet is that the fat from the diet and fat from body stores reducing carbohydrates typically causes the body to release fatty acids from adipose tissue. So, you have fat from your diet and fat from your fat stores being metabolized in the liver to produce these ketone bodies. So, we have beta-hydroxybutyrate, acetoacetate, and acetone. That's not important to know that, but just to know that these are energy molecules. And they're energy molecules that are high-efficiency fuel for the brain, and we talked about it controlling seizures, but also for the heart. So, uh work by uh Richard Veech at the NIH and his lab has shown that the hydraulic efficiency of the heart is produced uh is increased dramatically up to 25 to 30% uh burning ketones relative to glucose. So, we know that ketones, uh once thought of as a metabolic poison, are actually a very efficient molecule uh in in far as energy currency in generating energy. And they're also used as energy for peripheral tissues. I won't be able to talk about it today, but we have some remarkable evidence that ketones can help with the wound healing process and also provide fuel for skeletal muscle. as I mentioned, what one of the the avenues that we're exploring is the use of ketone supplementation to produce So, meaning a rapid and sustained elevation of blood ketones uh within 15 minutes, and we uh there's depending on the preparation, we can keep ketones elevated uh 2 to 8 hours uh with larger doses even up to 12 hours. Ketone supplementation can come in a number of different forms. There are ketone esters that we've developed uh with the help of the Office of Navy Research, uh which are more potent, and there's esters of the two ketone bodies, beta-hydroxybutarate and acetoacetate. Uh you can take a ketone body and combine it with various minerals, including uh sodium, potassium, calcium, to create ketone mineral salts. And uh there's also on the market that you can buy uh naturally derived I will say ketogenic fats. And these include MCT, medium chain triglycerides. And these are sold there's a number of brands that you can buy over the counter at most health food stores or online. And medium chain triglycerides are found primarily in coconut oil and also palm kernel oil. And there's you know, MCTs are found in in breast milk and goat's milk. They're part of the new normal human nutrition actually. They're just found in very high concentrations in coconut oil and further refined to to so you can buy pure MCT oil. So the administration of these agents, well I'll say the more potent ones have a remarkable effect on blood glucose levels and ketone levels including blood beta-hydroxybutyrate, urine acetoacetate and acetone which we can also measure with a breath acetone meter. So an acute administration results in a drop in blood glucose that's really remarkable and it's above and beyond anything that we've seen for example with a drug like metformin. So we see a pretty sharp decrease up to 10 20% uh uh blood glucose levels of blood glucose and we see a quick elevation of the blood levels of ketones with with a large dose. And the other ketone bodies are elevated to acetoacetate and acetone. Now you need a fairly it's it's not like a pill that you could take. So it's not the ketogenic diet in a pill per se. So you you do need to take a relatively large dose of this. This is a calorie containing substance and so you need to take it in in relatively large forms to elevate the levels in the blood. And you know, it's also a source of energy. So as you exercise and move around your body will use this as fuel. And like glucose, the glucose levels are will drop as you exercise, as will ketone bodies. So, we wanted to use this strategy for to for CNS oxygen toxicity in our rodent model of CNS oxygen toxicity. And so, we we've Our strategy was to to give therapeutic ketosis with a ketone ester to determine if it delays CNS oxygen toxicity. And a single administration of the more potent ketone ester causes a rapid, you know, within 30 minutes and sustained elevation of blood ketone levels above what is typically thought as the therapeutic range, and it's maintained over time. And what we've demonstrated and we've tested a number of different agents, and this is an agent that elevates primarily beta-hydroxybutyrate, and this elevates both ketone bodies, beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate. We found that when we elevate both ketone bodies, we have a remarkable increase in the seizure resistance. So, nearly a 600% increase in resistance. I told you that rats can can withstand about 10 minutes of 5 atmospheres of oxygen, and most of our rats went beyond 50 to to 60 minutes to an hour with with no problems. Uh So, this is above and beyond anything that has been shown in the literature, either anticonvulsant drug or anti-seizure drug. So, we were really uh you know, encouraged that we're on the right path for preventing CNS oxygen toxicity. So, we want to understand how this works. To understand, I know this is a pretty busy slide here, and I'm going to go through it fast, but mechanistically, the things that are circled here are the things that our lab is focusing on to understand mechanistically how these agents are working. And I just wanted to highlight a few things. Now, we've shown that we've looked at the blood and we've also take the brains out of our out of the rodents and we've demonstrated an elevation in the blood and in the brain tissue of the ketone bodies, but also an elevation in the GABA to glutamate ratio. So, GABA prevents hyper excitability in the brain, where glutamate causes excess hyper excitability or too much of it does. So, by by increasing the formation of GABA, which is actually made from glutamate, this tends to dampen and reduce the excitotoxic effects that that oxygen can have. We've also observed that there's a two to three-fold higher levels of what we so call Krebs cycle or TCA cycle intermediates. So, these are all the molecules that are kind of breakdown products in metabolism that are clear indication that the brain has higher levels of energy reserve. So, we can measure this in the blood and in the brain. And we see other things are that adenosine, carnosine or anserine, these are antioxidants. So, there's a variety of things going on here and not just one thing. And and that's important because anti anti-epileptic drugs tend to target one pathway. But with a metabolic therapy, you have multiple pathways being activated, all working together. Um and that's an important aspect of of the therapy. And it's doing it in a relatively in a physiological, you know, non-toxic way. I'm sure there's there's a toxicity level to the agents we're working with, but it's relatively high compared to drugs. And we also see a decrease in glucose and in uh a decrease in in blood levels of insulin and a decrease in oxidative stress, reactive oxygen species. And and most importantly, the thing, you know, that that we're very interested in is the elevation of brain energy reserves. Now, this is important because neurological disorders, pretty much all neurological disorders you can think of, are associated in one way or another with impaired brain energy or brain glucose metabolism. uh to determine, to assess brain metabolism, we use a glucose scan or a fluorodeoxyglucose scan. It's a radiolabeled glucose molecule that the patient consumes, uh the subject consumes, and we can uh regional regionally specific uh levels of glucose uptake. And this is this would be representative of a normal brain, and this would be representative of someone with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. So, Alzheimer's disease is associated with impaired glucose metabolism in the brain, and uh and that results from a number of different things. The Alzheimer's pathology itself uh is an accumulation of toxic proteins, uh but also there's there's various enzymes that are are dysregulated in But, what could be significant is that ketones perhaps can restore brain metabolism when there's a defect in in in glucose metabolism. And we know with traumatic brain injury, with uh Parkinson's disease, with a a number of metabolic disorders, even ALS, that there's impaired glucose transport, and that is really could be at the heart of the of the disorder. So, the message that uh hopefully I got across to you are that is that the brain in particular, and and all healthy cells in general, uh typically have or most healthy cells have metabolic flexibility. So, like a hybrid engine, your brain can use glucose or use ketones for fuel. as I transition now into another topic, cancer, one of the one of the messages that I want to get across, and it's kind of uh it's a characteristic that is kind of the backbone of the therapies we're working on, is that cancer cells lack this metabolic flexibility. They lack the metabolic flexibility from using glucose as a primary energy source to using ketones or fatty acids. So, cancer has a very high rates of glucose metabolism. And in some cells, and using a PET scan, you can show up to 200 times the rate of glucose metabolism. There's uh an increase in in uh glucose transporters, there's an increase in uh in insulin receptors. So, there's a number of reasons for that. And it's also the the underlying reason why uh we can image cancer. So, the gold standard for imaging the location and the aggressiveness of cancer would be a glucose or a fluorodeoxyglucose PET scan. And in this uh example here, this is a subject with uh advanced metastatic cancer, you can see the areas lighting up in the lung and in the liver and in the bone, and this is indicating that the cancer cells are outcompeting the healthy cells for glucose. So, we call this the Warburg effect, and this was named this this metabolic characteristic of cancer cells was named uh by Otto Warburg, or named from the work that Otto Warburg did. And he received a Nobel Prize in 1931 for his work in metabolism that effectively showed that that cancer uh was a disease of metabolic origin. And he was really the first to describe cancer as a metabolic disease. So, and his essentially what his research was showing is that that a metabolic defect within cancer cells, specifically the mitochondria, forced cancer cells to to not be able to derive energy from from fatty acids and ketones, but forced the cancer cells to derive energy specifically from glycolysis. So, knowing this, we can move forward to develop therapies. And there's a wide body of literature to support the work that Warburg did. And we know from previous studies that high glucose and low oxygen within the tumor can drive what we call the Warburg effect. The Warburg effect is essentially fermentation. You're fermenting sugar to produce energy. And that also produces lactate. And it's a very inefficient form of energy, but the the Warburg effect can confer kind of advantage to cancer cells because it allows cancer cells to evade low levels of oxygen. As a tumor grows, it it lacks the ability to get sufficient amount of of uh oxygen to the area because the blood supply can't keep up. So, as cancer cells become more adept at using glucose, this is the Warburg effect. They can thrive in the low oxygen environment. So, and that's going to be important as I show you kind of data later on. But what has been established is that high glycemic diets can increase the risk of that hyperglycemia is associated with a poor prognosis if you have cancer, unregulated blood glucose can can lead to a poor prognosis. And we know from a number of studies that blood glucose is correlated with tumor growth. And here's an example here. Uh we have tumor growth here and when glucose on the uh the x-axis, as glucose levels increase, you get a proportional rise in tumor growth. And I think this is very important information with someone that has cancer. So, you want to get glucose levels as low as possible uh to suppress the growth of cancer. Though we know the ketogenic diet limits carbohydrates, which is effectively limiting glucose availability to the tumor cells. And to do this, as mentioned, uh you know, your diet has to be very very high in fat and restricted in carbohydrates uh to induce a state of ketosis. And this also suppresses the hormone insulin. So, we know insulin essentially drives every pathway associated with cancer growth and and proliferation. And it's that low level of insulin that is suppressed uh that that causes the liver to produce ketones. So, really it it revolves around the suppression of insulin to drive hepatic ketogenesis. So, this is a very uh insulin there's a number of signaling molecules like insulin-like growth factor and and other things that that are downstream signals of insulin. And uh yeah, a number of growth factors that the pharmaceutical industry is aggressively trying to target are are suppressed dramatically just by lowering insulin with diet. also as a tumor grows, you know, this is an example of normal uh vasculature or normal blood supply. As a tumor grows, the blood supply becomes erratic and you get essentially you get tumor hypoxia. And to evade hypoxia, the cancer cells kick on a number of genes we call oncogenes that uh allow the cancer cells to take up more sugar and to survive in this low oxygen environment. And it's the low oxygen environment that causes resistance against chemotherapy and radiation. So, uh as it relates to radiation therapy, we know that the efficacy of radiation therapy is proportional to the PO2 in the tumor. So, if the oxygen level is low and a tumor is radiated, it's going to have very little effect. If the oxygen level is high and you apply radiation, you create a lot of free radicals, which can then kill the tumor. So, it becomes a roadblock for uh for the efficacy of radiation. So, oxygen in general though, we found in early studies that oxygen is toxic to cancer cells. That high pressure of oxygen damages cancer cells. Since And we developed some of the technologies that I showed you earlier, after we developed them, we started testing, you know, what happens to all these different cells if we give them oxygen. So, I would get, you know, muscle cells and and healthy brain cells and and brain tumor cells. And we started looking at a variety of different cell types and and exposing them to hyperbaric oxygen. And what we observed, kind of in a nutshell, is that uh the level of oxygen that was relatively non-toxic to healthy brain cells was toxic to brain cancer cells. And we were able to show this over and over. And essentially what was happening is that the the brain cancer cells were overproducing oxygen free radicals. And this was causing damage to the cell membrane. We call membrane lipid peroxidation. And with the techniques that we had in the lab installed inside uh the microscopes installed inside the chamber, we were able to visualize the physical correlate of membrane lipid peroxidation. To visualize cancer cells dying or the events that occur uh just preceding the death of the cancer cells. So, I was not a cancer scientist at the time, but these observations motivated us to to you know, test a metabolic therapy and test the effects of hyperbaric oxygen in a in a a whole animal model. So, around that time uh we started some experiments also putting ketones directly onto cancer cells in a Petri dish. And what we observed is that uh you know, in cells given no ketones at all, there was very little cell death. But, in brain cancer cells that were given a physiological level of ketones, we saw an increase in the amount of cancer uh dead cancer cells. And we also saw uh the green standing here is the live cells, uh which we measure proliferation rates. And we've demonstrated that that in the presence of ketones, physiological levels of ketones, that we were able to reduce cancer cell proliferation. Now, what I thought was really remarkable with these studies is that this was observed even in the presence of high glucose levels. So, in the media, we didn't change the level of glucose. So, independent of the glucose levels, ketones had an effect at suppressing cancer growth and increasing the death of cancer cells. And yeah, we recently published that. Uh and I actually, you know, up until recently, I thought I was the only investigator studying this phenomenon, the effects of metabolic therapies or ketones specifically uh on cancer, uh exogenous ketones. But, just recently, within a a week or two ago, uh came across uh a very elegant study uh out of Nebraska that showed metabolic reprogramming induced by ketone bodies diminished pancreatic cancer cachexia. Cachexia is a word for muscle wasting. And if you've known people with advanced cancer, muscle wasting is part of that and usually leads to their demise. The rapid wasting of skeletal muscle. So in a nutshell, I just want to cover some of the some of the main findings of the study. They demonstrated as we have, but they actually tested beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate, showed that it inhibit cancer growth in this pancreatic cancer model and that the ketones increase cancer cell death, which we have shown, and that it suppressed the oncogenic growth signals like c-Myc. Now this is a very hot target for pharmaceuticals targeting this this growth pathway. So you have something that your body produces endogenously that we can exploit if we further elevate the levels that can inhibit this pathway in a non-toxic way. They also found that ketones reduced the growth the growth of cancer and prevents cancer cachexia. So we know that one function of ketones during starvation, a major function, is that they prevent the body from wasting away. So if we go weeks without eating, the ketones can replace glucose as a primary energy source. And if ketones were not an energy source, we would be breaking down a lot of our skeletal muscle and and proteins, you know, in our organs to to to feed our bodies, but the ketones can prevent they have a protein sparing effect, we say. So now this leads us to our our cancer research and I'm going to focus on specifically the question, can nutritional ketosis achieved with a diet or ketone supplementation combined with hyperbaric oxygen prolong survival from metastatic cancer? So most people who die of cancer, they don't die of a tumor. They die of metastatic cancer spreading to different areas of the body. And interestingly, cancer researchers typically rarely study metastatic cancer. They they study a tumor implanted underneath the skin and they look at the the growth of the tumor or the shrinking. So we we think it's important to study uh you know, a process that's mostly involved with with advanced cancer. And this was actually the the PhD project of my student who's now Dr. Angela Poff. So what I'll be covering today was part of her studies that I thought would had the most practical application for all of you here. And essentially as kind of you get the idea is that the therapies were designed to lower blood glucose and suppress insulin and also to elevate ketones and oxygen levels. So the idea here is to create metabolic stress within the cancer cells. So we know cancer cells are selectively vulnerable to low glucose and insulin and high ketones. And and if we reverse tumor hypoxia by saturating the tumor with oxygen, we can actually kick off oncogenes and reverse some of this Warburg effect that I was talking about. So the model that we chose to use was the VM model of metastatic cancer. And this was developed by Dr. Thomas Seyfried at Boston College and it actually made the cover of the International Journal of Cancer. And it's it shares many of the similarities to the most aggressive human metastatic cancers. Injecting a small volume of cells underneath the skin causes rapid metastasis to to many organs of the body and even you could see a little bit of bioluminescence in the in the brain here. So the cancer cells glow specifically because the tumor cells have the gene for fly fireflies. If you've uh seen them fireflies, they they glow naturally through uh the production of luciferase. And the cancer cells have been transfected in a way to express this. So, it allows us to track tumor growth over time as we assess the efficacy of our metabolic therapies. And most importantly in in our model system here is that the the the animals are immunocompetent. And in many cancer studies, there are the mice are without an immune system. And even chemotherapy can wipe out your immune system. So, we think the immune system is very important for someone to be able to recover from cancer. And we we wanted to use a model that was immunocompetent. So, in this model, you have rapid systemic metastasis that goes to all the organs. Here's an example of the liver. And the liver is essentially peppered with tumors. So, it's a very very aggressive cancer model. And there's a number of models where people have cured cancer, but this model remains uncured. So, I wanted to take a shot with our therapies at at this model for that reason cuz it's it's so aggressive. And so, the methods that we tested that I'm going to share with you tonight, there's a number of things that we're testing, but the the treatment groups the control group would be the standard high-carbohydrate diet. The treatment groups would be the ketogenic diet, ketone ester supplementation to mimic the effects of the ketogenic diet, and hyperbaric oxygen therapy. And these things were used alone and in combination. And here is the hyperbaric oxygen chamber that we use for our rodent studies. And we can typically put in about, you know, 6 to 10 mice in here. And they actually respond very well to hyperbaric oxygen therapy. It tends to wake them up. And overall, they they increase their activity in response to the high levels of oxygen. So, here is a an example of ketosis achieved through diet and through supplementation combined with hyperbaric oxygen showing that it dramatically slows metastatic cancer and extends survival. And these mice were implanted with tumor cells 3 weeks ago, 21 days. So, here is an example of a mouse that is eating a standard high carbohydrate diet. This is a mouse that has been eating the ketogenic diet. And we combine the ketogenic diet with ketone supplementation. And we also combine the ketogenic diet and supplementation with hyperbaric oxygen. And here's a graph showing the effects of tumor growth. So, we track the bioluminescence signal is an index of the tumor growth here. And here you can see the combination therapy of the diet with supplementation and hyperbaric oxygen cause the greatest suppression of tumor growth over time. And here's an example of the survival curve. The black line here would be the survival curve of animals that were eating high carbohydrate standard diet. And I just want to draw your attention to the combination therapy where the ketogenic diet and and ketone esters with hyperbaric oxygen were utilized. And this is a very significant extension of life in this particular animal model. There's been a study done with chemotherapeutic agents, methotrexate and cisplatin. And the best that was achieved is somewhere around here. So, this is these are results above and beyond what has been achieved or published with chemotherapy. So, we saw an extension of survival time over 100% with with this combination therapy. So, the important question for you tonight, I I think and the message I want to convey is how can we implement this metabolic therapy? Now, you know, there's a there's a lot of convincing data out there that the ketogenic diet, calorie restriction, fasting, and even hyperbaric oxygen have anti-cancer effects. Uh, but if you bring this up to your doctor, they're not going to support even if you've failed the standard of care and and have no other options. They will probably talk you out of trying a ketogenic diet, a low carbohydrate diet, or hyperbaric oxygen therapy unless you'd had radiation. So, someone who has radiation necrosis, hyperbaric oxygen therapy is used to treat the wounds. So, that that is is important to know as I kind of cover some of the guidelines for for implementing this. So, it's it's really important for patients to be monitored by their own physician and there are a number of physicians out there that are open-minded that will look over the literature and the science and and support or at least monitor uh, patients during this process. And it's really important, especially initially, to work closely with a registered dietitian that's kind of knowledgeable or savvy with a ketogenic Now, I uh, I have a pretty tight uh, relationship with the uh, Charlie Foundation and have, you know, spoken on on their behalf and I can say the Charlie Foundation has been around for uh, decades now and they have hundreds of dietitians that are trained to put children on a ketogenic diet for drug refractory epilepsy. And now they've increasingly they get more calls and more requests for cancer patients than they do for epilepsy patients now. So, my understanding is that they are uh, giving advice and information and and consulting to cancer patients. And I'd like to bring the the attention to books and I helped the authors of the books. One is Fight Cancer with a Ketogenic Diet and another the Ketogenic Diet for Cancer. So, the the guidelines in these books are very good and something that I recommend if you're seeking information about these therapies. So, just real simple Paul and kind of already covered this. The standard diet versus the ketogenic diet. There's a lot of confusion here because many people think a ketogenic diet is a high-protein diet, but it's really not. And we know that it's a low-carbohydrate diet, but a ketogenic diet is really not a high-protein diet. It's a high-fat diet. And that scares a lot of people cuz there's kind of a fear of fat among medical practitioners and and the government in general. Um So, that's it's important to know that it is high-fat and you'll need to radically alter your diet if it's not. And there are a number of challenges to initiating this kind of diet mainly mainly due to compliance. So, if you have liver cancer, I talked about the liver is a source of ketones. Your liver makes ketones and your peripheral tissues uses it. So, interestingly, the liver cannot use ketones due to uh deficiency in some enzymes. And one is succinyl CoA transferase. It's an enzyme that's critical for cells to be able to make energy from ketones. And this enzyme is actually deficient in cancer cells. So, the liver makes ketones, but it lacks the ability to use them for fuel. It can use amino acids and other things. So, liver cancer is a problem if you want to embark on a on a ketogenic diet because it may impair your uh liver's ability to make ketones. Uh kidney stones and renal disease could be a challenge to initiate the ketogenic diet. People with pancreatitis usually have a difficult time um uh tolerating a high-fat diet. They can There's people with fat malabsorption issues. Gallbladder obstruction or removal can be problematic. Although I've talked to I've talked to a number of people uh that I know quite well that have had their gallbladders removed and they have no problem with the ketogenic diet at all. So, you might need more of a transition to the diet over time. Uh there's a a wide variety of medications corticosteroids, for example, dexamethasone and prednisone will uh quickly, rapidly, and and dramatically elevate blood glucose levels and make it hard to get into that state of nutritional ketosis. And and one one area that's really important, I should probably have a star here, is just lack of support. So, uh you really need support from your doctor, from your family, from your friends, um because it takes a lot of motivation. The patient needs to be highly motivated to to really embark in this therapy. And if you don't clear the house out of foods that would uh could allow you to break ketosis, it's going to be hard to do, I can tell you that. Even someone who goes at doing this, you know, in in a very motivated way, it can be difficult. And you really the the people in your household need to understand that your diet is very special in a way and that they shouldn't be offering you food that can break ketosis. So, it's really important and that should be a star there. Support for this is absolutely essential. And there's some concern over high cholesterol levels. I think the jury's still out on uh kind of the implications of that and and whether that should be be concern. But for some people, the LDL cholesterol, considered the bad cholesterol, is can rapidly go up and significantly in some people. The implications of that are really not known. Other biomarkers of metabolic health typically improve in nutritional ketosis. Uh food selection could be a challenge. Uh for me, I like eating high-fat foods. High-fat food tastes good, so that's that's a a pro to me. And then weight loss, too. I mean, weight loss is uh generally I think I read about 70% of cancer patients that get diagnosed or more are overweight. So, weight loss could be a good thing cuz if you bring your weight down, usually your metabolic biomarkers will improve. But if you've have advanced cancer or cachexia, uh weight loss can be a real problem. So, you don't want to restrict calories too much. So, people who follow the ketogenic diet sometimes inadvertently reduce calories just because ketones have a satiating effect on your appetite. So, the the idea here behind the metabolic management of cancer is that you want to achieve essentially this. You want to use an aggressive metabolic approach that lowers glucose and elevates ketones to an area that we call the metabolic zone. And which has been effectively shown in animal models and in a case report here, uh even in a glioblastoma uh patient with glioblastoma, to effectively manage the growth and proliferation of cancer. So, this this is essentially the goal here. Achieving this is very difficult to do. It's going to take a team, uh you know, uh family and friends support, a motivated patient, and a good nutritionist to tweak the diet to get to this. But uh essentially, yeah, you want to uh ketone levels up to 3.6 would be needed and glucose levels down to 70 and to sustain that in a daily basis to sustain that. And in this physiological state, it really compromises the growth of cancer. And it also makes cancer vulnerable to any modality you put on top of that, which is could be the standard care, could be chemo, radiation, or hyperbaric oxygen. So, it weakens the cancer and makes it more vulnerable to other modalities. So, and there's a number of case reports out there and I have people kind of email me or their doctors email me or in this case the patients of a or the the parents rather of a 10-year-old male who was diagnosed with a an ependymoma in 2009, had nine surgeries, two radiotherapy courses, the tumors were resistant to treatment. These are very resilient tumors. You treat them and they just come back. And he started hyperbaric oxygen and a carbohydrate-restricted diet in February 2014. And this was his scans in February 2014. The right parietal lesion here, there's a lot of edema and and hydrocephalus associated with the tumor. And here's a the midline section of the tumors. And this is after five months of treatment with 100 sessions of hyperbaric oxygen with diet therapy. Now, the the parents found it very hard to maintain the the their son in nutritional ketosis, but they eliminated to the best of their degree any kind of sugar in his diet and most forms of starch and carbohydrate. And um and was able to get a pretty remarkable response with this kind of tumor, a shrinking which is resistant to most forms of standard care. This is a pretty remarkable response with something that's and this is after being treated with the standard of care. So, this is something that's that's non-toxic and is not harming the patient in any way. And then I think neurologically too, the the child is doing much better than before. So, if this is so effective, where are Where Where's all the the human trials? You know, where's the evidence for this? And there's been uh two or three clinical trials, we call them pilot studies, that have been done with a ketogenic diet. And it's only really approved by the IRB if all other therapies have failed. That's the only way you're really going to get acceptance to use this strategy for uh for cancer patients. And that was the case in in this study here where 16 patients with advanced cancer uh were put on the ketogenic diet. And essentially what they showed was that the diet was very safe, there was very little if any side effects, and that the patients had generally reported a better quality of life while while being in in ketosis. And another study by Eugene Fine and colleagues, um this this study involved 10 advanced cancer patients. I think there was ovarian cancer and um and you know, a wide variety of actually different cancers. Um And in these patients, there was 10 patients, they responded very well to the ketogenic And their outcomes correlated with the level of ketones in their body. So, which also inversely related to uh insulin levels. So, the lower the insulin and the higher the ketones, the better they do. So, I want to bring to your attention, it's very encouraging to me that there are If you search on the the government website clinicaltrials.gov and search ketogenic diet and cancer, there's 13 studies now in progress that just start sort of came out in the last uh in the last two to three years. So, I think some of our research has has getting publicity and some of my colleagues, uh Thomas Seyfried and uh Adrian Schek at Barrow Neurological Institute are doing some great work here and it's motivating these clinical trials. So, what's important in these clinical trials is that they get patients into that physiological metabolic zone. So, in summary here, just to cover the potential therapeutic implications, nutritional ketosis achieved through diet or supplementation mimics the metabolic state of fasting and decreases the potential for seizures from a wide variety of seizures. It's non-toxic, cost-effective, readily implementable. It's possibly effective against aggressive late-stage cancers. The ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen may have potential synergy with the standard of care and we also think that, you know, you've probably heard of the phenomenon of chemo brain. Chemotherapy and radiation are very damaging to to the brain and we think that the ketogenic diet may be a neuroprotective strategy if someone is undergoing radiation or cancer treatment in radiation treatment. So, in further directions, we are determined to find the best best method to achieve the metabolic zone. We want to figure out specifically what's the optimal dose range for hyperbaric oxygen. We want to evaluate this therapy in other models of cancer. We know that if the cancer is hot on a PET scan, it's showing the Warburg effect and it should be in theory highly responsive to this metabolic therapy. We want to explore, I didn't get to talk about it today, but explore non-toxic metabolic drugs like metformin, like dichloroacetate or DCA. There's a variety of things out there we're testing now and these these things seem to be effective in high doses and we think will work remarkably well with with other things we're doing. Uh and also phytonutrient cocktails, green tea, turmeric, there's a lot of things out there that we want to test. And the idea is to get these things that the the effective things into clinical trials. So, I want to thank you for your attention. If there's any questions you have, I would be glad to answer them. And I want to uh give give uh acknowledge the Office of Naval Research again and the company Sirtuin, they've been kind enough to give us a donation to cover much of the cancer research that I showed you. And everybody in the lab here, uh this couldn't happen without, you know, some a great lab and students and post-doctoral fellows that are really driving the the research in the lab. Thank you very much for your attention. Here are resources to our websites to direct you to some of the things that I was talking about today. So, if anyone has any questions, I'd be glad to answer them. Yes. Right. Yes. Hi, I'm curious um why they use 100% oxygen in their diving instead of compressed air. Yeah, that's a really good question. Uh so, the Navy SEALs are they use um equipment called a closed-circuit rebreather. And it's relatively small to the to the gas tanks that uh is used for recreational diving. The the advantage of a closed-circuit rebreather, uh there are no bubbles coming up. So, there's a stealth component to this. So, you can evade detection. You swim usually at under shallow depths. And if you're especially like in the jungle or something like that, you it essentially allows them to sneak up on people and get the mission done in a very stealth way. So, the advantage is that uh you're you're it's very quiet, so you can evade detection. Uh you also avert decompression sickness, cuz decompression sickness results from excess nitrogen. And uh and with 100% oxygen, you won't have that problem. But, the disadvantage, and it's a major one, is that oxygen toxicity if they're extended if they have to dive down low to put a mine on a ship, and there's been reports of guys getting hit. Well, I wonder if there's any uh I mean, people are sitting here who are perfectly healthy, who are going to say, "Wow, maybe I better start doing this. so, I don't I can stave these things off." Do you have any data like that? Yeah, and uh actually, during my talk, I I didn't put a slide up on prevention, and I think you know, screening and prevention are first and foremost the most important things, you know, to to stave off cancer. But, uh it's my opinion that if someone were to do a therapeutic fast, perhaps for 3 days, maybe a week, or if they can tolerate it, 10 days, uh we all probably not to freak people out, but we all probably have cancer in our bodies or precancerous cells, but our immune system keeps that in check. You know, uh one way to purge our our bodies of precancerous cells or maybe even existing cancer cells is to to do a water-only fast for up to 7 days, and that puts our body into a very radical metabolic state with low blood glucose, very low insulin levels, and high ketones. And if we were to do that once, maybe twice a year, I believe that that could be an effective way to prevent If you look at uh different cultures that that do fasting, you know, there are lower rates of of cancer. So, my uh you know, the the the ones that I love and the people like my parents and and their friends and other people, I kind of I I they're not they don't really they're not very motivated to do it, but but it's my belief that that could be a low-carbohydrate diet actually, a ketogenic diet for one thing, but also do periodic periodic fasting. And it may not be a good idea to stay in ketosis all the time, probably to bounce in and out of ketosis, but I think a carbohydrate-restricted diet is definitely very safe and I think in the long run managing insulin and managing glucose in the long run is going to play a big role in our long-term health and and preventing the early onset of age-related chronic illnesses like diabetes and Alzheimer's and cancer even. We have time for one more question. Uh yes, the gentleman over there. Carbohydrates are relatively new to mankind. In early man, they just existed on fat and protein. Yeah. Is all this cancer we're seeing in our society now a result of all the carbohydrates that we're now eating, the breads, the rices that are only there because they help sustain huge vast quantities of people? Um is that just a whole symptom of our what we've chosen to make our food? That That's a pretty hot topic and pretty You know, I don't have an answer, but I think it contributes to it. Uh anything that from my perspective, anything that pushes metabolic health in the in the negative direction by by I mean like elevation of of C-reactive protein, of of high glucose levels, high insulin will will spark, you know, the development of cancers that probably would otherwise be managed if the person was on a low-carbohydrate diet, did you know, lots of exercise instead of our sedentary world, we tend not to exercise as much and and maybe the not also you know, the macronutrient kind of profile of our food is really important, but also the the the macronutrient sources are important. You know, maybe buying grass-fed beef or making an effort to to pick, you know, food sources that are are of higher quality too, but I think I think that's important, but I really think the the macronutrient ratio is probably more important. Um, but you know, that's a good question. I think I think it also comes down to the overconsumption. So, we get in a lot of surplus calories over time and that can contribute to, you know, metabolic uh syndrome, which can exacerbate other disorders and contribute to the early onset of age-related Just to follow up, if early man were they in a constant state of ketosis? Yeah, this is kind of debated too. Uh I don't think so, but I think they went in and out of ketosis a lot. I think their protein was probably high enough to prevent them from being in strong ketosis, but I think food availability, depending on your geographical location, was limited at certain periods. So, it's it's you know, it's highly likely that they were bouncing in and out of ketosis depending on seasonal availability of food and their geographical locat- location if they're at a more northern climate. Uh of course, like the Inuits, you know, were basically a carbohydrate-free diet for for a long time and and their incidents of of uh heart disease and cancer were, you know, like little or none. So, and that that's that's a population eating, you know, uh a high-fat diet. So. So, with that, let's thank our speaker. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Plasmamarino [33 likes]: I was diagnosed with triple negative breast cancer and I refuse chemo therapy! I’ve been doing intermittent fasting and one a week I fast for 48 hours, my lump still big but health wise I feel much better! I’m gonna continue doing this and hopefully the cancer will go away!
  2. @Jefferdaughter [12 likes]: There is little doubt that fasting can be beneficial to the majority of people.  However, achieving and maintaining beneficial levels of ketones is easier for most by simply dropping all sugars and carbohydrates.  It is well documented that sugars and carbohydrates were not available to humans in high amounts until very recently in the history of humanity - and not until the past few decades to some populations (with uniformly disasterous results to the health of these people).
  3. @Jefferdaughter [11 likes]: What makes anyone think that staying in nutritional ketosis long term?  D'Agostino may have good reason to not rock the boat too much... Or he is unfamiliar with the fact that - except in contemporary America - the fat and high-fat organ meats are the most highly prized part of animals which are eaten.  This was also true in the USA until our food production was industrialized, and later 'fat phobia' was created in the rush to push the consumption of commodity crops- cereal grains and soy.
Dr. Phinney and the Weston A. Price foundation have videos on YT with more info on ancestral diets - a number of which were clearly within the definition of ketogenic diets.
YouTube has presentations by Dr. Stephen Phinney, Dr. Tim Noakes, and Dr. Jeff Volek - who have all done extensive research on nutritionald ketosis AND have each chosen to stay in nutritional ketosis themselves, for as long as 10 years or more.
  4. @johanpretorius8221 [11 likes]: This is a great presentation. This is so far removed from the knowledge base of the average Doctor or dietitian. Video's like this one helps as it is delivered by a real scientist. That is if you can get them to watch...
  5. @scottunique [8 likes]: Excellent information on a topic that is still under reported and misunderstood.
  6. @jasondames7210 [8 likes]: Great Quality information.. This info makes me want to dig deeper and deeper to understand the body's physiology!!! :-)
  7. @FayCreative [7 likes]: Seriously superb lecture!
  8. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297 [5 likes]: 52:00 Important warnings/potential barriers to success with ketogenic diets.

Note the importance of a support system, clear the house of carbs.  

Might raise LDL cholesterol
  9. @imstevemcqueen [4 likes]: Simply genius.
  10. @GD_Fraser [4 likes]: As an aside, what is the prevalence of alzheimers and/or epilepsy in type 1 diabetics?
  11. @jennifergilchrist5597 [2 likes]: Dr D'Agostino, is it safe to take exogenous ketones daily?
  12. @coachcolahealthfitness819 [2 likes]: Outstanding video! Access exogenous ketones for yourself via the KetoneX product which is apart of the Ketopia fat loss system.  Based on this research and just hit the market last month.  Contact me for help
  13. @EwaSwobodaEnthusiast [1 likes]: 47:58 Wouldn't the mice with no bioluminescence & on the KD+KT+HBOT survive longer than what that graph is proposing? If they are free of cancer, why aren't they living longer?
  14. @DarkMoonDroid [1 likes]: 9:35   400 B.C.???!!! WTF?
  15. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297 [1 likes]: 50:30  Ketogenic diet is a high fat diet.
  16. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297 [1 likes]: 48:14  Here are some practical applications.
  17. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297 [1 likes]: 48:00 Results more promising than chemotherapy?
  18. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297 [1 likes]: 38:40  Ketones increased cancer cell death.
  19. @jselectronics8215: Referring to the case report of the ten year old glioblastoma patient, the slide @56:50 shows 100 HBOT treatments over a five month period?  Five days a week?  I read in a couple other sources to try three times a week, ninety minutes each.
  20. @end-o-fiteenterprisesllc297: 59:00 Many clinical trials are in progress.

- DOM D’AGOSTINO 1a | KETONES are the PREFERRED FUEL for the BRAIN: Kind: captions Language: en How does starvation change brain energy metabolism? So, we've known for years um for many years that fasting is a way to cure epilepsy. There's been reports dating back This is This dates back to 1922 and I mean it's going back to the time of Hippocrates in 400 BC. So, fasting was a cure for seizures. It's been known for a long time. So, much of what we know about fuel metabolism or brain metabolism during starvation actually comes from the work of George Cahill at Harvard Medical School. His group performed uh really groundbreaking work to demonstrate that the brain can use ketone bodies as a source of energy. Prior to the study at Harvard that was done in 1967, it was thought that the brain could only use glucose exclusively as an energy source. So, he did a very interesting study where he had medical students that were overweight. They fasted for 40 days and it was observed that their blood ketone levels after about a week skyrocketed and actually exceeded the levels of glucose. And essentially what he showed is that ketones become the predominant fuel for the brain and peripheral tissues during starvation. Starvation not eating food and have no body fat reserves for fuel. Fasting not eating food while having body fat reserves for fuel. Today we would call the Harvard study a fasting study. In our fed state, if we're eating carbohydrates or a normal diet, about 100 nearly 100% of our energy brain energy comes from glucose. But in a state of starvation, it's been shown that about 2/3 of our energy or even more are are derived from ketone bodies. So, ketones function as an alternative fuel for the brain when glucose is not available. When given a choice of fuels, the brain prefers ketones over glucose. Dr. Ben Bickman. Ketogenic diet can mimic fasting in that physiologically it can elevate blood ketones and lower blood glucose and you get a a profile that's similar to a person who has fasted. So, you really have to restrict carbohydrates and you have to eat a significant amount of fat to elevate blood ketone levels. Free fatty acids or fat from our diet and the mobilization of free fatty acids from our from our adipose tissue, from our body fat are processed in the liver through beta oxidation and form these ketone bodies. But, we need to stay we need to deplete the liver stores of glycogen to a certain degree and we need to suppress insulin for the liver to be able to make these ketone bodies, which are a very efficient, high-energy, alternative fuel, especially for the brain and the heart and also for peripheral tissues like the skeletal muscle and the skin. When kids are resistant to to antiepileptic drugs or they become refractory to them, the ketogenic diet works when drugs fail. So, it's actually become like the standard of care when drugs fail to treat difficult seizures. And it's really grossly underutilized approach because it's so effective, but it's still just because doctors are not educated in the diet and and also with compliance, it's hard to follow. It's not prescribed too often. Annotated and summarized. Easy to share with loved ones. The description below the title for this video has the summary points. From the website doctorstotrust.com, you can view the summary notes and share or print the PDF of those notes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @awesometulips9427: It would be great if the links with the titles of the original full-length  videos were always posted in the descriptions. When the linked video shows a different title from the one shown here ot gets confusing 🤗
  2. @averayt: Original you tube please.

- Supersoldiers and enhanced cognitive function with ketones! A conversation with Dom D'Agostino PhD: Kind: captions Language: en what's up you guys what is up I know you guys love the video chats more I've been doing a lot of the podcast with my sort of mp3 player or the recorder in person so these video chats are not always possible but this week I had Dom on the zoom so we recorded that so that will be coming right after this and I wanted to tell you guys about few cool things if you are not a fundamental health insider you are missing out you guys Paul salad you know MV comm front slash insider is the way to get on that list and there's a lot of cool stuff going now I talked about a cool article I like talked about things going on on this podcast talk about products and books and other podcasts I like stories I like all kinds of good stuff happen there Paul salad you know MD com front class insider check it out become an Insider get in the cool kids club ancestral supplements sponsors this podcast this week I want to tell you about their liver and bone marrow supplement these are two of the most important organs we know that ancestral peoples have been chasing the bone marrow with reckless abandon forever there's so many good things in bone marrow but you can't always get it from the grocery store so you can get this stuff in convenient gels and capsules it's quite good I appreciate their stuff a lot it's combined with liver which we know is probably the most nutrient dense organ out there copper molybdenum vitamin a vitamin C riboflavin folate biotin all kinds of good stuff in liver and if you don't like the taste like many people getting it inconvenient gelatin capsules the way to go so check out ancestral supplements calm I appreciate them they are putting back in what the modern world has left out that's a good supplement and then check out Juve you can see it in the background I got this awesome huge elite it's near infrared and red light WWJ ovv calm front slash Paul we recorded a whole bunch of stuff last week next week I'm going to the Center for deuterium depletion there's a hypothesis that maybe red light is affecting deuterium it's a whole nother thing but I really appreciate my red light relaxes me there's evidence that increases testosterone basically it affects mitochondrial biogenesis of ATP and we don't really quite know how but it seems to so it's pretty powerful stuff so check out Juve check out my insider sometimes people send me emails with questions look I don't have time to answer the questions via email but if you want to ask me questions please support me on patreon it's Paul Saladino MD and for a reasonable monthly donation you can ask me questions get insider access to videos and stuff and it's a much more sustainable way for me to interact with people on in terms of questions so that's the best way to do it I can't answer questions via email it's too time-consuming I wish I could but I can the other thing is if you like this podcast fundamental health it's on iTunes it's everywhere please go to iTunes and leave me a review if you have feedback feel free to email that in response to the insider newsletter which I'll be sending out soon I send that out about every 10 days I try and do it every week but it's hard to get to it so I put a lot of work into that thing and I'm doing a whole bunch of some of my books so without further adieu you guys need to hear about Dom D'Agostino you know him he's amazing he's a researcher he's a tenured professor at the University of South Florida he's been on the NEEMO missions he does a ton of cool stuff with ketones his work is sponsored by the Department of Defense Naval Operations he makes all kinds of cool stuff with ketones and oxidative stress we talked about all that in this podcast you guys are gonna love it so without further ado check it out with Tom let me know what you think appreciate you guys have a good day later alright Tom welcome to the show man thanks for coming on thanks for having me Paul it's I'm super excited to have this conversation with you yeah it's been it looks like you really been getting at it and I mean you started your podcast not too long ago right and you're just a few must be a lot of work it is it's a good amount of work but it's fun and it means that I get to connect people like you and have cool conversations so I know that recently you were in Florida doing NASA Nemo 23 and people I know about this but they might not I know you were also on Nemo 22 as an Aquanaut were you were you an Aquanaut for Nemo 23 or was it your wife that was my wife yeah so my wife was support diver and Mission Control during twenty two and I was underwater for ten days and she was under for nine days and we had a lot of research on both missions so we had it ended up being for that mission many IRB protocols and we had to run through NASA another we did gut microbiome a lot of sykes body composition strength sleep psychological you know stress a lot of different projects so Nemo is this its refers to these underwater missions three and a half miles off the coast the Florida Keys right I mean what are you guys doing down there you're going down so this this underwater station that's like 60 feet below the surface of the ocean yeah simulating space right yeah nASA has like 14 or 15 space analogs where they they're kind of vetting out technologies procedures and various things for the space station and then then it gets tested on the space station then it's kind of a deep space gets selected for deep space yeah so NASA Nemo stands for NASA extreme environment Mission Operations so it's n EE mo and and essentially when you're underwater that simulates neutral buoyancy so nASA has a lab at NASA in Houston that's called the neutral buoyancy lab and we actually did our testing in there for the mission but that's how they train astronauts they have a mock-up of the space station and if they do a spacewalk for example they will test they'll do the actual procedure usually seven times or more to replicate you know what it's like in weightlessness to do these procedures so the the NASA NEEMO mission you're living in an extreme environment which is saturation your body you're living under high pressure so it takes many hours to get back up to the surface and and you basically run your mission just like you would on the space station and even when you're down there you talk to the space station you have an opportunity to do that usually at some point in the mission you talk to the astronauts but NEMA has 14 or NASA's 14 different space analogs and this is the one that actually trains astronauts the other analogs are kind of like everyday people or engineers testing different procedures but Nemo is very unique in that you're actually training and working with astronauts so that that is a thrill to be you know part of that it's a lot of fun are you gonna be an astronaut Dom no you got to submit an application to do that so if I did that I would probably have to leave the University it's hard to do it's a full-time commitment so I have friends that are you know applying and and even you know I think my wife would probably make a better astronaut than me because she is very she can multitask really well and she's got a lot more diets than I do she works very good in operational environment but she doesn't want to go to space you know I would like to go to space but I'm not ready to give up the science at this point at least so it's very very competitive to get on so obviously when you were down there for 22 you were doing a bunch of experiments I saw photos on the website and you said you guys were studying all sorts of different things you said you were studying the gut microbiome in this environment and sleep and stress and psychological stress so that was was that your role in NASA Nemo 22 sort of one of the scientists studying the changes to human physiology under those pressures yeah my getting on the mission actually had to do a lot with the work that I do for the Navy which is in extreme environments and there there's a lot of similarities between the undersea environment in the space environment brave a lot of and you know NASA trains astronauts you know in in the water neutral buoyancy and so after doing like several presentations the science that we do here at the University is very relevant to space science and and it was through a series of like presentations that I got invited to participate on that and and incorporate a lot of our science into the actual mission but we like to do space relevant research so there's a lot of things that happen in an extreme environment that needs to be understood and quantified to develop potential mitigation biological mitigation strategies against extreme environments to optimize performance in safety in those environments cool that was my sort of role in that awesome and then in the second one in Nemo 23 he said your wife was one of the aquanauts and were you doing support yeah I was doing a little bit of dive support a few days and but mostly at Mission Control so we had a big team she had a lot of students we have a number of undergrads and and medical students that play that make this possible because it's so much work to do all this and and they each are assigned various projects and I help - like delegate and coordinate all that so we are running on on mission control side running a lot of experiments and watching them in the habitat like 24/7 because there's a lot of cameras everywhere so as they start to do like a particular experiment we can observe that experiment and in some cases guide them in some cases there was a time delay because you're you want to mimic the delay to the lunar surface because this herb mission was for the lunar surface for for a moon mission but we had a time delay for a Mars mission at certain parts of it - so yeah it's a lot more work actually to be in Mission Control and then it has to be not that it's not a lot of work to be a crew member but I would say it's equal or more work - to work Mission Control and my wife told me that when I was underwater and now I got had to experience that it's a lot of work it's a lot of fun what's the time delay for a lunar mission or a Mars mission how long does it take a signal to go back and forth well it depends on actually like where it's the cycle right so so they simulated like a couple minutes like I think it was like six or eight minutes I think for for the Mars and it varied had every day like they kind of experimented with different different time delays but for the moon it was only like something like 10 to 15 seconds I think depending on where it's at and but that makes things can make things incredibly complicated and they don't do it all the time but they'll do it under very space relevant projects as it pertains to like European Space Agency had a device to rescue an incapacitated astronaut on the lunar surface so it's like Mission Control needs to dictate to them like how to do things with that time delay and so it's pretty cool we collected a lot of data on this mission and even on the last mission we haven't been able to sit down and analyze it and publish it yet so we needed two missions to get a sample size my wife's mission was all female and my mission was all male so so we want to compile the data and so we don't really know yet how they get out microbiome changes like in these in these habitats that'll be super interesting and yeah suddenly having just gotten into surfing and become more of an ocean and water person I saw the photos and it looked just look really cool just yeah water it's like you get to be a little bit of a aquaman it looks really cool I was really jealous it's not it cool yeah it is big the keys is a it's a really beautiful place and it's a it's a sanctuary where we're at so no other boats are allowed in there it did sustained a lot of damage from the hurricane and we did a lot of work with the crew on the coral reef project and and some of those coral nurseries got like washed away so we had to rebuild a lot of that and the actual habitat itself got damaged pretty severely so so it was this was supposed to happen last year and the whole mission got shifted one year because they had to repair there's a lifebuoy that connects to get like the Wi-Fi and to run the electric and things like that there's a floating life buoy on top and there's a massive cable that goes down to that and and that actually broke away and ended up miles away under some bridge that that whole thing needed to be repaired and that took quite a bit of time money to do that so so both of those missions you said you guys were down there or you were down and then your wife was in there for nine days yeah I was down for 10 and she was down for nine and it took me like seventeen and a half hours to decompress to get up to the top and it took her like 15 hours to do a decompression procedure yeah but when you're down there you wake up in the morning and you're busy all the way tonight and you adhere to a scheduling program that NASA is using called playbook and it's a red line that moves across a chronological sort of timeline and everybody's assignments are on that and you have to stay in front of that red line and sometimes that red line looks like it's moving incredibly slow but most of time it looks like it's moving like incredibly way too fast and you have to stay in front of that because if you get behind it you're screwing up all the experiments and everything for the next guy that falls before you so and it makes just everything go so fast because you wake up and it eliminates a lot of stress because a lot of stress in our daily lives or like figuring out what we need to prioritize and what we have to do so that's like the big part you know you wake up and it's like wild animals rushing into your head like what to do next right so with the NASA playbook with that program I was saying I should use it in the lab here you wake up and you know exactly what you have to do the program has little notes on it if the click we did a mini DNA analyzer in sequence or we measured our skin microbiome and things like that and there's like 58 pages about what to do so it's very complicated but everything is laid out for you it's so incredibly well organized and orchestrated and choreographed that you don't have to think about and I realized that just thinking about you know what to do next when your tasks loaded that's like a big part of the stress of everyday life and if everything is laid out so it is motivated being to be a lot more organized in my everyday sort of activities that I do in the lab and and elsewhere I totally feel that as like a budding entrepreneur and right now looking doing podcasts and managing clients and then do another media stuff it's I've just been learning from other entrepreneurs I was hanging out with Tom Bill you yesterday you know yeah I think that the trait that differentiates successful entrepreneurs from those of us the struggle is just being able to prioritize and I think I couldn't agree with that more during the time that I hiking the Pacific Crest Trail it was so simple you always knew what you had to do it was very clear and now like you said I get up and there's like six wild animals rushing at me and I can't figure out what to do first and I'm trying to learn so that's really interesting and it's opportunities to probably write because I wake up and I like to look at my schedule before I go to sleep I'm kind of sleeping on it and then I wake up and I look at my Inbox usually have between you know 50 to 100 emails that I kind of you know I tend try to not to look at my if I have a writing project until about 12:00 noon but a lot of them are like really good opportunities like research opportunities to work with Ivy League institutions of on various things and it's like you know and many of them are time sensitive so my whole plan for the day gets derailed into following up quickly on these opportunities that are kind of time-sensitive so sometimes I'll glance at it and be like okay I'll come back to that in three hours after I work on writing my manuscript here or working you know meeting with students or something like that so well we could talk about Nemo for like the whole podcast but yeah everyone everyone listening will know you from the work you've done in terms of ketones and exogenous ketones ketones salts ketone esters and a variety of things so I want to get into that with you and I'm sure the people will be familiar with you from Tim Ferriss and Peter attea I thought that one of the the interesting places that we could start for people who may not be as facile with the subject is talking briefly about human metabolism and how we run on fuel and what fuel looks like for a human when we're running on glucose and then what it looks like when we transition into ketosis via fasting or via ketogenic diet and maybe we can contrast those but as I was trying to wrap my head around this and sort of thinking back to medical school the stuff that isn't really real when you're learning it in medical school but feels more real now to me that I'm trying to apply it I think that a lot of people might not have a great sense of how we actually run when we're how the engine in the human body normally runs say if we're eating just a stain or diet on lots of carbohydrates can you walk us through that mm-hmm yeah I guess most people like you're classically sort of trained in biology or nutrition like I went through a nutrition science program at undergrad and you know you are classically taught that carbohydrates are the primary fuel for the body and to a large part they are and even when you're and I'll get to this maybe a little bit later but even when you're fasting or on a ketogenic diet glucose is freely available as they sorts of fuel from different sources a paddock gluconeogenesis the glycerol backbone of triglycerides things like that but what was really not taught to me it was not fully understood I did understand even as an undergrad that lactate played a role in brain energy metabolism and and that's something that I got interested in in during my postdoctoral fellowship because I used a product code that had alpha L poly lactate for recycling and things like that so I understood like lactate as a secret alternative fuel but my interest you know early on was for hypoxia and ischemia brain injury with stroke and things like that to use various forms of lactate but then I got turned on to ketones as a molecule that could provide millimolar concentrations in the brain and the source of these ketones were was fat so that really interested me but but early on when I studied I was classically trained in electrophysiology where we make measurements in brain tissue it's called pass clamp electrophysiology and you can very adjust the level of glucose and even use like a glucose blocker like 2d oxy glucose to block glycolysis so I spent a lot of time looking from a more like a brain centric or neuro centric perspective with an understanding that the brain really did need glucose as its primary source of energy and under periods of hypoxia putting in lactate could preserve the function of the brain a little bit more but I didn't really know anything about ketones and I studied this this was like my PhD so understanding hypoxia and brain fuels and things like that and it was only until I got funding by the Office of Navy research to study oxygen toxicity seizures did I kind of go back into understanding brain energy metabolism has really focused on drugs at the time but I ran across that the ketogenic diet was used for drug-resistant epilepsy and I didn't really understand or know at the time that the ketogenic diet was sort of the standard of care for a drug-resistant epilepsy and it was a standard of care for epilepsy back in the 1920s before drugs even existed right so I dealt back into the mechanisms through which ketogenic diet was working and then I had to go back to my fran wrote a book a metabolic physiology book that i used as a graduate student in nutrition at rutgers at the time and i delve back into carbohydrate metabolism and how glucose gets oxidized and pyruvate dehydrogenase complex and insulin insulin really facilitates glucose metabolism by through a number through transport right transporting glucose across cell membranes through muscle the glut the glut transporter but also activating the glycolytic pathway to make it possible for glucose to be used for fuel and vaginas complex is one of the rate-limiting steps for that so when I discovered that the ketogenic diet had been you know used for years Johns Hopkins and Mayo Clinic one of the disorders was pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency syndrome and another disorder was glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome so and I could understand you know mechanistically why these disorders were responsive to the ketogenic diet with the understanding ketones were providing an alternative fuel in the context of these neuro metabolic disorders so that sent me down a rabbit hole to understand the neuropharmacology how the brain changes in response and if this could be applied to the types of seizures that I was going to study so I reached out to all the different experts and at the time I was going back into my metabolic physiology to understand how carbohydrate metabolism was working from a systems physiology perspective and how changing your metabolic physiology changes your brain energy systems and the neuropharmacology of your brain so this this idea is not something that was very intuitive to me that if you change your physiology that completely changed the fuel system that your brain runs on and it actually changes neurotransmitter systems and like I just thought the brain was the brain it did what it had to do it didn't really change based upon the fuel source that you're giving your body so but the brain energy metabolism and and to some extent the neurotransmitter systems can change profoundly based upon our fuel system so so that led me down a rabbit hole the ketogenic diet and then I got into looking at fasting and this is about 2008-2009 and you know I became very interested in this idea of providing an alternative energy substrate in the form of ketones in the context of the ketogenic diet but the military was at more interested in developing a ketogenic diet in a pill so they were more likely to fund a project that was more innovative and something that would you know more or less be developing various technologies that could elevate blood ketone levels in the millimolar concentrations that would represent you know turn ative fuel for the brain to keep the brain going under conditions of oxidative stress which would be like a rebreather diving system that the Navy SEALs use so the work that I did early on and various model systems demonstrated essentially what was happening with oxygen toxicity seizures is that metabolic dysregulation was contributing to a membrane potential depolarization of the neurons and that you know you get excess glutamate and aberrant electrical activity in the brain and glutamate excitotoxicity and that triggers more action potentials firing across the hippocampus and even the cortical network and the problem is that the brain is sort of overwhelmed with excitability and can't maintain its bioenergetic potential and that triggered a seizure and that was sort of what the models were telling me and it had to do is kind of complex it led to reactive oxygen species and I thought that was the key thing if we throw on antioxidants that could preserve brain function but where do reactive oxygen species come from they come from the mitochondria right so if you could preserve the bioenergetic capacity of the mitochondria and reduce superoxide in production which then goes to more reactive intermediate it's like hydroxyl radical you could dampen the oxidative stress and then preserve ATP the energetic currency of the brain and at least delay the preserve you know delayed latency the seizure so that become the became the idea and it worked in the context of lactate I knew it could work in that context and I became more fascinated with ketones just because of their ability to preserved brain energy metabolism and also lower reactive oxygen species and then later on like we learned that they could lower inflammation and activate endogenous antioxidant pathway through their histone deacetylase activity and things like that so that became sort of my primary focus as I transition into a tenure-track position and and we built many projects off this idea of a therapeutic ketosis not just with ketone esters and get results but the ketogenic diet some projects with intermittent fasting but mostly ketogenic diet and various forms of ketone supplements and there's so much there to unpack so let's just break it down so say you know you or I might not eat this for dinner tonight but say someone goes home and they eat a sweet potato right and that's full of glucose polymers you know that glucose then gets broken down right or that those glucose polymers get broken down into you know glucose insulin goes up and the body stores the glucose it makes fat out of the glucose or it you know you get to novo lipogenesis you get these glute transporters to put the glucose into cells it goes into the liver the glucose gets stored in the liver and in the liver the glucose goes through a process called glycolysis which splits the glucose into two molecules and that those molecules go through like you said they become basically pyruvate right and then the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex and then that feeds into the Krebs cycle or the TCA cycle and as you discuss there's this alternative fate for glucose other than glycolysis which is the lactate pathway right so we can go glucose can be go through glycolysis or it can go to become lactate when we can use lactate as an alternative fuel in the setting of inadequate oxygen but if there's enough oxygen usually when reading carbohydrates we will make pyruvate pyruvate will go into the TCA cycle the TCA cycle makes reducing intermediates which deliver the electrons from the glucose to the mitochondrial electron transport chain and then the electrons move across the electron transport chain and the mitochondria make eight P by sort of creating the gradient with hydrogen across the membranes and the mitochondria so that's the way that our body runs the engine on glucose right that's the normal engine that we all learned about in school and I just would have paint that picture for people so and as you suggest there's this really interesting thing about the human body that we can also run on another fuel right we can glucose can go to lactate but we don't even need glucose to run our body do we do I mean some systems do right like your red blood cells for example the kidneys so baseline levels of glucose don't really change well they do change profoundly in the context of like type 2 diabetes and the normal normal American right but they do not even dip into what is clinically hypoglycemic even in the absence of very little if any carbohydrate at all even in the context of short-term fasting with more prolonged fasting they can get down to like 3 or maybe even 2.5 million more but that that was always very kind of remarkable to me kind of the study the gluconeogenic pathway and where those glucose precursors were coming from and that's still an area that we focus on but yeah the body I mean we are basically designed to be incredibly metabolically flexible and we basically burn what we whatever we eat whatever macronutrient ratios we are you know finely tuned to adjust to that and some people can adjust better than others and and we have some data that I'm excited that will be published soon that you know if you eat this way one time and then go back to eating another way and then go back to that extreme form of eating your body adapts to that way of eating much faster so it's almost like I think it like muscle memory right like you go to the gym and it may take you know five years to build up to like a 400 pound bench press or whatever and then you stop for a half a year and you go back and you can only do maybe 225 and it takes a while it's not going to take you five years to get back up - you know for under her to get like you usually that muscle memory comes back I believe and well I think so I think publications will show this that there's metabolic memory that once you train a particular set of metabolic pathways and upregulate various enzymatic systems in that that your body will sort of know what to do and I think you can see this in people who ask I go into the offseason their body kind of knows what they do what to do whether it's a Fitness athlete or power lift or something like that and and they just snap back into that metabolic state much faster you know and they adhere to a radically different diet but their body adjust much much faster so I think you know with the diet the key drink diet or even fasting the more you do it the easier it gets and the more benefit you derive from it over time and yeah I guess Mike what I meant was we don't need to take in glucose but yes I I think thank you for clarifying that that our body will always have glucose around glucose but we probably don't need to take in glucose so and I love what you're saying there about metabolic flexibility and let's get to that but what happens if someone doesn't eat carbohydrates like what changes happen in their metabolism with fasting or with a zero or very low carbohydrate diet how does our body shift into making ketones and using ketones mm-hmm that's a good quick so I like to like simplify it as much as possible but the first thing that typically happens is that you have a drop in your blood glucose level if you just stop eating or eliminate all carbohydrates so you will actually have a drop in your blood glucose and if you're eating a ketogenic diet where you've moderated the protein that you'll significantly reduce the postprandial elevations or excursions in your blood glucose and also the the corresponding elevation of insulin which will facilitate glucose transporter and glycolytic pathways right so fasting or carbohydrate restriction in the context of the ketogenic diet you have a protracted prolonged suppression of the hormone insulin and a corresponding increase in an elevation of glucagon and in the beginning a lot of people experienced Ken experienced in elevation and stress hormones like catecholamines epinephrine and cortisol can also go up especially initially and these things will sort of it's a body's way to help liberate some of the stored glycogen that you have through glycogenolysis so you'll start to release some glucose in the liver and then once liver glycogen is depleted the liver is really the energetic sensor of the body and coordinates very well the brain and and you know liver glycogen is kind of like a fuel tank and your your brain can sense that and you sort start to get some neuro endocrine changes in addition to facilitating the suppression of the hormone insulin and elevate the catecholamines will liberate fatty acids from adipose tissue and those fatty acids will be mobilized they get to the liver that stimulates beta oxidation of the fatty acids and as you you have greatly accelerated fat oxidation the liver essentially you'll be yeah beta hydroxy butyrate going to acetyl acetate and that splits to acetyl co a molecules and or what we're not even that so the beta oxidation of fatty acids will make acetyl co a and that will condense to acetyl acetate and ultimately beta hydroxy butyrate so that would be ketogenesis so that's happens and then keto lysis is the other way around so these ketone bodies are not used by the liver itself but they're produced in very robust amounts in the liver and they lack an enzyme succinylcholine screws so that without this enzyme the liver is very greedy typically like when you eat protein or carbohydrates in a meal the liver will take what it needs and then put the rest back in the system for your muscles or your brain so the even more greedy than the brain so the liver will take what it needs but the liver produces these ketone bodies but does not use them for fuel so they lack an enzyme that's interestingly deficient and many cancer cell lines to lack sucks Neel Cody transferees so many cell lines either are completely absent or significantly deficient in this enzyme that would allow them to convert ketones to energy no answers but many are so you have ketones spilling into the blood and they are go to peripheral tissues the heart and the brain have the highest capacity they had the highest metabolic you know capacity of other organs and they will use ketones and suck up a lot of the ketones and and glucose too in the system and your muscles will use ketones but we're not completely we're looking at muscle now but I've spent most of my time looking at the brain and then we're looking at the heart - but skeletal muscle will also use ketone bodies so and this can be shown if you consume something that elevates your ketones to a high level and then you go exercise you clear those ketones faster and you can do like a ketone tolerance test right so you take glucose and athletes can clear the glucose very fast because they're very good carbohydrate village and an elite athlete will also use ketones very fast so they will clear the key component of the blood very fast my highest levels of ketones have been when I'm just completely sedentary and if my levels are elevated and I go do some activity and come back and measure they'll be significantly lower typically because I'm using them as fuel so now getting back to your original question like this is I guess addressing you know how is your metabolic physiology changing right so you're continually suppressing the hormone insulin elevating glucagon mobilizing fatty acids for fuel fatty acids don't get used very well they don't cross the blood-brain barrier to a significant some of them do we actually find that MCTS medium chain triglycerides and short chain fatty-acids can cross the blood-brain barrier and be used as fuel but generally speaking long-chain fatty acids do not cross the blood-brain barrier and they are broken down into ketones to some extent medium chain triglycerides have a higher ability or capacity to be broken down by the liver they are transported directly to the liver via hepatic portal circulation and they become ketones very fast relative to long-chain fatty acids they have to get packaged into chylomicrons and things and then go throughout the lymphatics to become so MCTS are very unique in that regard and some people can tolerate them some people can't but we are we do a lot of work with ketone esters and ketones salts and stuff but I always come back to the MCTS because you know they're found in nature they're remarkably unique fatty acids and they have the capacity to augment other forms of exogenous ketones in regards to delaying gastric emptying or being sort of a ketogenic carrier and augmenting sort of the pharmacokinetic curve of various ketogenic agents that we developed that are synthetic so they have a place and they're found in nature too so and in nature MCTS I'm aware of them in coconuts coconut oil where else do you find it well I mean you could find in a little bit milk like like goat's milk and a human breast milk has some MC T's in it but yeah the majority of MCTS old are you know palm kernel oil or majority probably coconut oil has anybody ever looked at animal fat I wonder if animal fat has MC T's in it like yeah it does it does yeah yep like one of the things that I eat not a whole lot but milk milk does yeah and yeah there's some they get used as fuel so so quickly so they're not typically found at high concentrations in meat but million milk has it yeah and so one of the things I've heard you talk about that I think will be interesting for people is I like how you outline sort of in the acute phase when we stop eating or when we transition to a low or zero carbohydrate diet we deplete our glycogen first and and the fatty acids get released and we do beta oxidation we make ketones in the liver and then ketones move throughout the body they get used by the brain they get used by the muscles if we're exercising and then one of the things that's interesting for me is how we adapt to that level of ketosis what if we stay in ketosis and we could stay in ketosis by doing and extended fast or by eating a giant which is ketogenic and I think this is such an interesting thing there's so much discussion or I think there's misinformation in the community that when you go into ketosis you're gonna activate your stress hormones and like you suggested I think that when people acutely adapt there is some evidence for that but my impression is it doesn't happen long term and that those eventually normalize is that correct because people will often knock the ketogenic diet and say oh you're activating your sympathetic nervous system you're activating cortisol and it's not what I see clinically once you get to be keto adapted so how does that if we pull that timeline out a little further what does it look like if you stay in ketosis for weeks or months and how does our body begin to adapt to that yeah I think the the patient population are the people to look at intercourses are people who have been following a ketogenic diet for decades and you know I met some of them I was in Washington DC a neuro metabolic sort of disease conference where I have the opportunity to meet with people you know many people who have been doing this for many years and they have their blood work looks fantastic actually and they're on it like a pretty legitimate high ratio ketogenic diet that's in upwards of anywhere from 75 to 90 percent fat so we are unique metabolic entities and not everybody is going to respond the same I it needs to be understood how females differ more than males and I think the female physiology is more reactive to a hypoglycemic event and I think in the beginning a fasting or the ketogenic diet I mean we've had students and people in the lab and the several females that try to fast you know they get lightheaded they faint they have problems and I've never experienced or males have never mentioned that they had that problem right so I generally think that males may be a little bit more resilient when it comes to fasting or being able to carry that out and I think their hormonal systems or may be more in line with being able to do that so you know I can only speak like me personally in the bloodwork that I've seen and and whatever you know published data is out there I have seen that if you calorie restrict so there's the ketogenic there's the effective calorie restriction right and and it needs to be said and it's not often talked about that many of the benefits of the ketogenic diet I feel are due in part to calorie restriction not all the benefits but the ketogenic diet makes calorie restriction feasible and when your ketones are elevated that has a brain stabilizing effect and perhaps a satiating effect a protein satiating - but I believe that it helps stabilize the brain in a way that makes it easier to to sustain a calorie deficit which then gives you benefits to metabolic benefits and and many of the benefits that people talk about the ketogenic diet gives or even the carnivore diet it's my opinion that a lot of it has to do it's harder to put a percentage on it but about two-thirds of the benefits I feel are due to this calorie restriction effect and and the suppression of the hormone insulin so I think that's important to people for people to acknowledge because some people will tell me they eat more calories on a ketogenic diet or they feel like they are but they're still losing weight but I think if they really track their macros they would see that they've actually been adhering to a calorie deficit but it may have fixed many of the maybe pre-existing metabolic problems they had maybe they've got microbiome maybe maybe they've started working out and put on muscle which like the metabolism so there's there's a lot of things going on from a metabolic physiology perspective and from a hormonal perspective that needs to take to need to be taken into account and these will impact the long-term success and trajectory of the benefits you'll get from this dietary intervention and that what what I think is so remarkable is that and I have more appreciation for this is this can vary dramatically between individuals I mean we just had a three-hour lab meeting today with an inbred strain of rats and we saw tremendous variability in rats that were given the very exact dose of a ketone ester over time even in the blood levels of that so so this variability is there are many factors obviously genetically these rats are the same but there may be external factors there's one rat and they have a personality where he just moves around more in his cage you know one met one rat may be stressed out for some reason because of some event that happened with when he got dropped there's something like that so there are so many different things to be taken into account so I think anecdotal informations it's kind of important but for our lab we always try to rely on sort of we've learned to rely on sort of the more data the better especially when it comes to the ketogenic diet because there's more variability than I predicted early on but I will say there's less variability in ketogenic diet responses and neuroprotection responses then there is two drug responses so when we test various drugs or antioxidants the data is all over the place but when I started studying therapy to ketosis the variability in the data went from miss to like this and everything started to make sense and it was working you know through all these different disorders neurological disorders that we're studying so I've never experienced that with any kind of drug I don't think there's any kind of drug that sort of gives this like you know global response and protecting the brain therapeutic ketosis does so there's a consistent neuro protective effect of the ketones that you've seen yeah many model systems and everything from things that I never would have thought of like Angelman syndrome which we have we've published in a mouse model and now have a clinical human trial on that to various types of epilepsy from putting in a neurotoxin to hyperbaric oxygen seizures to absence seizures which are like having a seizure but not the tonic clonic part so we published in a number of different model systems and that's pretty interesting that a therapy independent of the etiology tends to have a therapeutic effect it's not like there's a specific drug for this or that it tends to work across many different types neurological disorders either not just seizures right well let's dig into that a little bit because I've heard you talk about age tax which people may not be familiar with but these histone deacetylase and the fact that like I think that it'll be interesting to dig into this a little bit for people like what are these anti-inflammatory mechanisms of ketones and what are these protective mechanisms of ketones how do they have to do with histone deacetylase inhibition and maybe we can tie this into reactive oxygen formation and kind of give a perspective for people here yeah I think it's good to I like to approach things from a little bit of more of a broad perspective there's been some elegant work and I'd like to see it reproduced by Eric Gordon's lab was the first to publish in science that beta hydroxy butyrate functions as a histone deacetylase inhibitor class one and two I believe and some some more work is now emerging showing that ketone bodies can have EPIK genetic functions and can turn on various genes or even gene programs that can confer resistance against oxidative stress by activating things like superoxide gives me Ches or catalase and that's very attractive to me because these are the things that scientists do study what I study for years oxygen toxicity has focused very specifically on these antioxidant systems and they are believed to be the cornerstone by some people to believe to be the cornerstone and the root cause deficiency of the enzyme itself or the activity at the enzyme has been thought to be a root cause of many age-related chronic diseases so an elevation of reactive oxygen species will elevate chronic inflammation and you get a host of inflammatory cytokines like ion one beta and I out six and these things get elevated and these these inflammatory cytokines a hub that sort of activates them would be an inflammasome complex called the nlrp3 inflammasome so there's some data to indicate that ketones can suppress oxidative stress and also suppress the the complex that when it's activated sets off an inflammatory cascade of cytokines and in various model systems this is the endogenous metabolite ketones have been very a powerful regulator of histone deacetylase inhibitors which activate antioxidant systems and also they can suppress the nlrp3 inflammasome which when activated sets off an inflammatory cascade that is a root cause of many many age-related chronic diseases autoimmune diseases radiation injury in the brain you have the activation of this complex causing neuro inflammation so this has a did many pharmaceutical companies that have reached out to me and even given you no talks or discuss this that pharmaceutical companies are trying to sort of reverse-engineer a drug that can work as powerful as beta-hydroxybutyrate and and that's interesting it's like you know there's something in nature but they want to figure out it's not fully understood how it works it it's working in different it's working not only in the assembly of this this incredibly complex inflammable molecule but it helps to augment the assembly and also trigger the activation or inactivation of this molecule and regulated in that way but in inflammation serves a very important role in the body and it's how we adapt and you know if our skeletal muscle that inflammation process is very important for initiating the remodeling that's associated with skeletal muscle protein synthesis and things like that so you don't want to knock it off completely but you want to regularly it in a way that to prevent that systemic chronic inflammation and so there's a lot of terms in there I just want to clarify for people when we're saying h dak we're saying histone deacetylase and their histone deacetylase inhibitors right so yeah in our bodies we have DNA which is genetic material and it's wrapped up around histones and proteins kind of like a ball of yarn and the simple mnemonic that I learned in medical school was methylation makes genes mute and acetylene activates genes so we can Isetta late or methylate histone complexes meaning we can add methyl groups or acetyl groups to the sort of histone DNA ball of yarn complexes and those will either open up the DNA or close the DNA did I get that right yeah that's a perfect explanation and so beta-hydroxybutyrate tends to do a number of different things and functions through the acetylene rate so one of the things that we study is kabuki syndrome where there is a suppression of settle a ssin of a gene and the suppression of that acetylation contributes to what is known as kabuki syndrome and it's a very rare genetic disease and we have mice from Johns Hopkins where we are looking doing the behavioral studies but also measuring those the effect of ketones on a set elation and gene transcription and translation so that was nicely put like yeah we don't fully understand how this is working but we know it is working and now we're kind of delving mechanistically into from a very kind of molecular level so how beta-hydroxybutyrate is doing this and I think I believe that other metabolites can do this - I think it's known that you know acetyl co a and other metabolites may be succinate numerate malate citrate you know I think there's other TCA cycle intermediates that could possibly have epigenetic function I think it's already shown but I believe it's something that we have not really focused on but it makes sense that many of these metabolic intermediates are epigenetic regulators and I feel like this will be a big I think a lot of people and molecular biology will start turning to metabolism and various metabolic intermediates as epigenetic regulators and our epigenome is much more important than our genome I believe I think I would agree with you and by that what we mean is that our genome is the actual a's t's c's and g's the alphabet of our DNA that gets transcribed and RNA and becomes proteins and what we're talking about now with epigenetics is the modification of the DNA on these histone complexes turning on and off of genes right so spreche in yeah freshmen of genes and so that's the methylation and a set elation and what you were describing with kabuki syndrome if I understood it correctly was that there is inadequate set elation or inadequate turning on of a gene and that needing the experimental models that you guys have seen some clinical experiments the use of ketones has been able to turn those genes on when they're not turned on properly in those patients is that correct yeah essentially like reversing gene silencing exactly yeah in mouse models and we think that's you know hopefully it's gonna work in humans humans and so the epigenetic you know modification of human genes or any genes is the methylation and the Isetta layin and so it's so profound and really paradigm shifting to imagine that metabolites like beta hydroxy butyrate which is one of these ketones and like your others like you're saying as well we're finding out that these TCA this is the tricarboxylic acid cycle or the krebs cycle intermediates may also be epigenetic regulators it kind of makes sense you know our metabolism is this really intricately connected elegant dance through all these things if people are not familiar with the Krebs cycle it's the sort of thing that's used to torture you know Tom and me during our during our graduate work and we memorize it but it is a it's basically a series of intermediate steps that starts with acetyl co a and oxaloacetate and it's moves through various molecules and tom was describing succinate and fumarate and citrate and these are all Krebs cycle malli yeah these are all Krebs cycle intermediates and they they can then form epigenetic regulating they can become epigenetic regulators himself but if you look up the krebs cycle on the internet it'll be traumatic maybe don't look it up but what we're describing is this metabolic sort of pathway that runs most of our metabolism we referred to it earlier when we were talking about the way that we make energy in ourselves the other thing that you've meant and it is it is a cycle in the textbook but there's lots of little shuttles and things coming off that that I think are not in the textbooks that I think new research is showing it's really not well it is you know that cycle will always be there but I think there's a lot of things going on that we don't fully know or appreciate yet and and I think that's important to understand I think I think metabolism will sort of have a Rena and especially the appreciation of metabolism in an epigenetic regulation I think we'll sort of get a lot of attention what already is but over the next couple years let's talk a little bit about mitochondrial function with ketones and how it differs from carbohydrate based metabolism because we've mentioned reactivity of oxygen species a little bit and as you know you know reactive oxygen species are necessary for life and there's sort of this sweet spot it's what we call a u-shaped curve you know we don't want zero reactive oxygen species which is personally why things like hydrogenated water don't make a whole lot of sense to me but that's neither here nor there but you know clearly there are many diseases where there's too many reactive oxygen species and we have oxidative stress right let's define for people what oxidative stress is and talk a little bit about how ketones can interact with the mitochondria to change oxidative stress phenotypes sure well oxidative stress is so there's a balance a redox balance if the body has and many different genetic programs like gene pathways enzyme systems I look at various ion channels that are redox sensitive which means the balance of you know the redox balance of the state of the cell can regulate an ion channel which impacts cellular excitability of neurons for example so many different systems in the body are responsive and regulated by the levels of antioxidants and oxidants so there are redox regulators on the NMDA receptor you know the glutamate receptor and things like that so so that should be appreciated and there's always a baseline level of reactive oxygen species being formed in a perfectly healthy system and in the context of cancer it's actually much higher and that could be something to talk about that's an aberrant sort of oxidant and it's a double-edged sword in many ways but the body does a very is very elegant system that regulates the balance of antioxidants and and oxidants in the body so the main source of this are the mitochondria and semi ubiquinone site of the mitochondria where molecular oxygen can so at this site if if beta hydraulic to ketones and sort of the root cause of why we're talking about this is that beta hydroxy butyrate can essentially oxidize Q of the Subic and if Q is oxidized it's less likely to deform a reactive intermediate called semi called superoxide anion right so that's like the precursor reactive oxygen species that can go and superoxide dismutase can work on it and break it down to break it down that pathway to hydrogen peroxide and then catalase can further break that down under certain conditions say for example if you have like high iron ore you're under stress where there's a lot of free iron ores traumatic brain injury where heme molecules are broken down you can drive various reactions that can make something that's biologically fairly inert like superoxide anion being produced continuously by the mitochondria if there's oxidative stress or under certain conditions that superoxide level can skyrocket and that that happens with high levels of oxygen and I study that in the context of oxygen toxicity seizures it could happen with aging it could happen with giving your body glucose high levels of glucose and high levels of insulin and metabolic syndrome can further exacerbate the endogenous production of the superoxide anion and if your brain and metabolism are not healthy you tend to get higher levels of like.he my being released and you drive things like the Fenton reaction which can basically cause the formation of hydroxyl radical which is much more reactive than superoxide and can start oxidizing membrane lipids proteins nucleic acids and that can ultimately start to cause genomic instability and metabolically induced genomic instability can actually activate oncogenes right which can contribute to cancer so you know if you can if you're giving a carcinogen that's damaging the mitochondria or radiation is a perfect example right or maybe things that our food supply to are a perfect example that chronic metabolic stress in the form of altering Medicaid really super oxide can result in the overproduction of oxygen free radicals which lead to oxidative stress and these free radicals can damage you know carbohydrate molecules lipids proteins especially a nucleic acids and the bioenergetic capacity of the cell also regulates genomic stability right so as the mitochondria produce ATP if that's impaired ATP levels in the cell fall and the nucleus of the DNA has pretty high energetic demands to maintain DNA repair in the nucleus and if the ATP levels fall by not producing sufficient amounts of ATP or producing excess superoxide anion and shifting it more to an oxidative state that will destabilize a nuclear genome and the cell senses an energetic crisis it activates various oncogenes which many of them are things activate glycolysis and then you get a potential you know transition of a normal healthy cell if various aqua genes depending on how many hits the nuclear DNA has can activate a complement of genes that transitions a normal cell to a cancer cell or just you live in this chronic sort of inflammatory state where you have optimal metabolic health and sub optimal organ and systems health so much there to unpack them okay I love it let's break it down for people this is so cool so you talked about ketone molecules so you talked about beta-hydroxybutyrate in some way perhaps we understand the chemistry perhaps we don't affecting the production of the super anion radical right so super oxide and that is because of Q which is part of a complex in the mitochondria electron transport chain and when when we say Q I don't think people understand what Q is but there's basically inside the mitochondria are these little bean shaped organelles and our cells that have two membranes and in the innermost membrane of the mitochondria there is this series of proteins and molecules that pass electrons along and this is the electron transport chain and one of those complexes which complex is it that has Q in it well it's between complex 1 and 2 it's a semi ubiquinone Center and that's sort of it's the shuttling of the electrons between those sites which is sort of problematic from typically between 1 2 3 and 1 2 3 is there and it's a semi ubiquinone site and there's aq molecule in there what does Q stand for yeah oh I forget the actual term I should know but ya know for sure there's a molecule Q right yeah what you were saying if I understood correctly was that ketones affect the the redox state of Q or they affect if there is too much oxidative stress that somehow Q can interact with the environment and create more of superoxide is that correct yeah so the free radical the reactive oxygen species the superoxide is actually produced at that site and superoxide anion in and of itself is not highly reactive but and can cross the in mitochondrial membrane and where there's superoxide dismutase typically handles it so ketones can get through both membranes and then ketones can actually activate mitochondrial genome and cellular genome to actually stimulate superoxide superoxide dyzma case so the more of that antioxidant that we have the less likely the superoxide will go off and do bad things like oxidize membranes oxidized orchids it's a very dynamic interplay so you have you know ketones potentially enhancing electron flow contributing to reduced intermediates to drive the electron transport chain the bio energetically maintained that membrane potential of mitochondria and you have ketones also influencing epigenetically regulation of genetic programs that are enzyme systems that help preserve that redox state of the mitochondria so the ketones can affect the mitochondrial genome and the nuclear genome people may not know that we have two genomes we have mitochondria have their own DNA nucleus has named ourselves so what you're saying this is super interesting is that the the ketones can cross both mitochondrial membranes and through mechanisms similar to what we were describing earlier affect the epigenetic regulation of genes in the mitochondria that can increase our activation of superoxide dismutase which is gonna which is how we turn the superoxide anion into hydrogen peroxide and then catalase can turn that into water right yeah exactly so and mitochondrial genome is very sensitive to to DNA hits - right it doesn't have the robust DNA repair mechanisms of the nucleus so really preserving mitochondrial ATP production is the most important thing for the health of any human or cell or tissue or whatever so it really does come back down I don't want to sound you know biased but but metabolism is and the food that we eat is essentially our metabolism is really the root of general health like the mitochondria kind of call the shots and you could say that for neurological diseases overall health and even cancer - and I want to talk a little about cancer before we wrap up but I also want to highlight something else you said that that in some people there is a specific sensitivity to glucose creating more oxidative stress or perhaps ketones could be could you know calm down this oxidative stress but glucose and some people can create more of an oxidative stress and we know that we're using glucose but I just want to make sure that I heard that right and highlight that for some people a carbohydrate based metabolism more crew may create more of these free radical type intermediates more of the superoxide etc I think so the problem so some people do really well on carbohydrates and they are people who tend to be for genetic reasons they have a high carbohydrate tolerance and they also moderate their caloric intake to prevent surplus calories in the form of carbohydrates that lead to wild postprandial elevations in glucose or insulin resistance or hyperinsulinemia right so that can be incredibly problematic when you have hyperinsulinemia big postprandial excursions and blood glucose and people that are actually like healthy like even a healthy weight you can see these it's the spikes the relative changes in these things are probably more important than the baseline right so that's why if you do blood work if you look at your blood glucose it's really important to measure the the post the spikes and blood glucose and stuff to hemoglobin a1c may give you a little bit of a snapshot but but things like HS CRP you know I think that's a very important molecule to look at and we do a whole cardio metabolic profile a very simple profile that I think gives a very good snapshot of what's happening in the body when I did a podcast with Tommy wood we talked about the it's the mean or the median amplitude glucose excursions the mages if with this - yeah yeah yeah yeah a little bit yeah it's basically the idea that that postprandial glucose excursions are more predictive than overall glucose and yeah area under the curve yeah yeah and so for people listening what we're talking about here is just the idea that there are these excursions in blood glucose that can happen within the time after you eat which is the postprandial period prandial means eating so postprandial so the mean amplitude glucose excursion or the median amplitude glucose excursion I don't remember exactly which one it is right now but it's called a mage and it's exactly what DOM is talking about these postprandial glucose excursions are probably more damaging for us perhaps from this oxidative stress perspective and in terms of cellular damage and so we can't really see these unless we are wearing a continuous glucose monitor or specific checking glucose multiple times a day and including postprandial checks one of the things I have some of my clients do is a fasting blood glucose and then a few postprandial throughout the day but we couldn't miss these postprandial excursions now this is what I was just thinking Dom do you think this is one of the mechanisms by which we're generating insulin resistance and carbohydrate intolerant individuals it seems because I think that there's been so much evidence now to suggest that insulin resistance is in fact in many cases an oxidative stress phenomenon and it seems like this is potentially tying it all together here that in some people who are insulin excuse me who are glucose intolerant when they exceed their glucose threshold of intake or carbohydrate intake the mitochondria kind of flip out and you get more of these reactive oxygen species produced in the mitochondria and there goes the chain then you get this inflammatory type of insulin resistance it seems reasonable to me that this could be one of the mechanisms of an insulin resistant thing yeah I mean if you allow me to speculate because I can't point to any study but speculation yeah it's coming from dung well I know experimentally if you produce a state where there's oxidative stress and you produce a pro-inflammatory state you get insulin resistance and pretty profound and you can titrate almost titrate it to where you if you incrementally increase oxidative stress or incrementally increase the formation of specific cytokines we'll just say inflammation you can incrementally increase insulin resistance over time and what sort of a model is a number of different model systems this is just kind of a collection of all the data from some of the rat works some things observed clinically - when you're under stress you have like a cute insulin resistance right this is always like a profound I remember talking about this with Peter - you like years ago like you know talking about what do you think I mean we always kind of delve into this what do you think is causing it I think he's still in the dark - has so we just don't know but the statement that I'm comfortable in making is that activation of pro-inflammatory pathways and and oxidative stress contributes to hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance and if that's protracted I can serve an important biological function physiologically under some circumstances but this seems to be sort of like the norm for many people and and it leads it's the precursor to metabolic syndrome in advance and it's hard to reverse that the farther that goes the harder it is to sort of reverse it takes an equal amount of time to reverse it you know staying in that state and I could speculate a little bit and say that from what I've observed or at least on what I'm placing together it seems that in some people who are not carbohydrate tolerant or who are carbohydrate intolerant excess glucose and excess energy could be driving that at least to some extent and I think there are other mechanisms of insulin resistance that could be inflammatory as a primary driver but it's an interesting mechanism here to kind of link glucose and insulin resistance in these individuals so I want to respect your time but hopefully we can just talk for a few minutes about the Warburg hypothesis and cancer and we can just contrast these so people may have heard the Warburg hypothesis or the Warburg effect in cancer cells and I think this is a really interesting thing to break down for people instead a high-level so what is what are we talking about we're talking about the work effect and how does it because it kind of ties into this mitochondrial thing right and you kind of mentioned it we've already kind of tiptoed into it with mitochondrial ATP production and protection of the nuclear genome but how to tie this all together for us with regard to cancer and and you know production of oncogenes and how it relates to ketones in mitochondria sure the Warburg effect I mean I think Otto Warburg described it as insufficient respiration or oxidative phosphorylation we talked about a little bit with compensatory fermentation and I think my colleague Tom safer it would describe the and I would - the insufficient respiration a result of mitochondrial damage without a doubt I think we can all agree that it mitochondrial insufficiency from the bioenergetic perspective the question is and it's it's still hotly debated in the field and I think before you know my my colleague who wrote a book on this cancer as a metabolic disease and I co-authored yes yeah Tom Thomas Savery from Boston College it was not given as my I think his book and him being a very vocal advocate of the this Warburg effect being the damaged respiration being the cause of cancer so there was this you know if you go back to the seminal paper I think in 2010 I believe or no before that yeah maybe 2010 the hallmarks of cancer and it probably predates that and then later on the hallmarks of cancer was revised to include altered you mitochondrial activity or bioenergetic aberration and energetics so the cancer as a metabolic disease that perspective is that damaged mitochondrial respiration results in in a decrease in the cell's ability to maintain its bioenergetic potential right so ATP levels fall and through a retrograde response the nucleus senses the level of energy and talks to the mitochondria and senses an energetic crisis and that fall in ATP not only impairs DNA repair mechanisms but the nucleus senses the Fallen ATP and also activates a number of genes some of them being oncogenes so some of the genes are glycolytic genes to increase glycolysis because oxidative phosphorylation makes about 80 to 90 percent of ATP typically but if ox foss ATP production goes down glycolysis needs to come up these the activation of these glycolytic pathways there's a lot of overlap with various aquagenic drivers I guess you would say the that are required to maintain cell viability so you activate a complement of genes and some of them in the right context can be things that can transition or normal cell to healthy so the the field generally believes that mitochondria and cancer cells are perfectly healthy and normal and they produce ATP the equation the other side of the equation yeah you know I think I think it may be in the middle you know somewhere but I I err on the side of Thomas Seifert's work obviously yeah I'm a little biased I was but I come into this as a pure skeptic so in 2010 I wrote I read his review article cancer as a metabolic disease and I read it and reread it and then I checked all the references before even talking to Tom and then I just found his number and I had to call him at his office and I was like I need to talk to you because if this if what he was proposing is Act even if it's like 70% like right that has profound implications for not only how we treat disease but how we would prevent cancer from occurring and increase our odds so but nobody else was even in approaching this subject I couldn't find anything that even remotely discussed like the context of cancer as a metabolic disease but what he had written and more importantly what he had justified with a lot of references that were very good references I had never seen before a lot of these references came out of developmental biology I mean these are high impact you know journals citing [Music] citing this this sort of hypothesis that he had which was sort of it's taking the Warburg effect but it's stepping it up a notch it's almost like a step function in our understanding of the Warburg effect in the context of the initiation and and the whole carcinogenesis process and I was not trained you know in in metabolic oncology or even cancer biology but I had to go back to the books and just really study this to see if it made sense because it actually explained a lot of results I was seeing in a cancer cell line and I was just using this cancer cell line to validate some system that I built hyperbaric atomic force microscopy and laser scanning confocal microscopy it's a whole system part of my fellowship project and I was just tinkering around with cells I'm looking at a cancer cell lion and what he was explaining and breaking down in this review was explaining the observations that I was seeing and no one had seen these observations before because no one had like microscopes inside hyperbaric chambers but I was seeing things that the only explanation that made sense was what he was explaining in this review article when you're damaged damaged respiration yeah that cancer defective mitochondria I was measuring superoxide anion production in human glial blastoma cell lines and they were producing massive amounts of free radicals with high levels of oxygen which could only suggest that the mitochondria were damaged in some way and cancer cells will over produce oxygen free radicals to basically damaged the healthy cells and oxidize membranes and they're also dumping out lactate which acidify as a micro environment and that facilitates the invasion and metastatic process so so I was kind of looking at these cells underneath a confocal microscope and seeing sort of things that were in line with what he was proposing and that initiated I think a two thousand eight or nine my obsession with this understanding if this was it something to explore and in about a year or two I you know embarked on a project looking at the ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen and it became the PhD project of my student at the time dr. Angela Poth and she did her PhD on that sort of studying this Warburg effect so when when you were saying the Warburg effect is inadequate phos for an inadequate electron transport chain with over expression of fermentation the fermentation being the fermentation of glucose into lactate so these cells don't do glycolysis well is that correct they no they do like very well they don't do oxidize if their capacity for oxidative phosphorylation is dramatically reduced and there's a compensatory fermentation that allows the allows the cancer cells to maintain their life and that fermentation serves not only to produce ATP but also to drive various biomolecules into anabolic processes to form more membrane more proteins nucleic acids and things like that so and I think that needs to be appreciated because you know it's viewed by many cancer biologists that the berg effect is an elegant aquagenic transition and in gene activation to allow cancer with they're still an elusive enabling like we don't really understand aquagenic lee you know why and it can vary between different cancers but that Warburg effect serves a very important function you know to basically direct biomolecules or you know bio synthetic processes so there's you know and the more aggressive the tumor the more rapid the expanding biomass of the tumor the more acidic it is the more damaged damaged more aberrant the mitochondria and the faster it could grow so and that's all important people can talk about you know if it I think it is important to understand if damaged mitochondria is the cause exactly cancel it so that's very important but we and and we are focusing on understanding that but we at this point in time we're really focusing on targeting that damage after it occurs so how to mitigate it yeah developing metabolic based therapies that are not just the ketogenic diet that's a part of the equation in some cases may be a small part but it's it's a combination of you know diet supplementation perhaps time restricted eating hyperbaric oxygen and a whole toolbox of drugs that can be used to target specific glycolytic processes may be HVAC inhibitors anti-inflammatory compounds things like that so we are we are working on that and putting together a more comprehensive approach that could be used as an adjuvant to current standard of care and maybe in the future things like the pi3 kinase inhibitors that dr. Luke Antley is working on he has shown for example that the ketogenic diet by actually unmask the the therapeutic potential of pi3 kinase inhibitors so in the absence of the ketogenic diet those amazing compounds don't work very well so the ketogenic diet actually kind of makes it work well so I think that's going to be the case for a lot of other things that were kind of looking at too and maybe immune therapy and I believe you know chemotherapy and radiation therapy would work much better my colleague dr. Adrian Scheck has shown in animal model systems that only in the context of a ketogenic diet did it really you know that the standard of care therapies have a dramatic effect only in that context because for a number of reasons but so it's a very rich area of research right now where I think taxpayer dollars and NIH funding need to feed into answering these provocative questions but also probably more importantly to direct funding to putting together more comprehensive metabolic based therapies that are less toxic I think that's the most important thing that should be getting attention right now and so basically what we're saying here is that I've heard you say this so correct me if I'm wrong in like 90% of tumors we see this Warburg effect in 90% of cancers the mitochondria are damaged and the main question becomes did the mitochondria get damaged first or did the nucleus get damaged first isn't that kind of what everybody's debating you know like where is the damage coming from because the mainstream thinking around cancer which may need to be updated or is always evolving is that oh there are these uncle genes and the nucleus that turn on and that is how cancer starts and this sort of metabolic theory of cancer that you're working with or sort of discussing with Tom Seyfried and I want to get him on the podcast too is perhaps proposing a different hypothesis and I don't think anybody really knows the answer but it's interesting to think about like wait a minute what if the nuclear mutations are coming from mitochondrial damage in the first place because once we know where something starts we can get a better sense of how to fix it but isn't that kind of what everyone is debating here like where is the DNA damage coming from and what is the first part of a cancer of these cancers you know being triggered because in the majority of cancers 90% of cancers we see this Warburg effect with damaged mitochondria yeah solid tumors for sure yeah and there's you know Leukemia Lymphoma it's a little bit different but I but I still think it applies to them I mean from a 30,000 foot perspective if we say you know genome stability and preserving that if the most important thing to prevent cancer right so what what factors influence the fidelity of the nuclear genome like what what factors influence that stability I would say the bioenergetic state of the cell and you know in earlier years I focus on the redox state the oxidative to redacted state but that's influenced by the bioenergetic state of the cell so which is comes from the mitochondria right so if we can preserve that by a bit viability and the functioning of our mitochondria and that can be done through nutrition and it can be done probably through drugs maybe in the future but I think that is the most important thing that the mitochondria do optimize them for making ATP and and that ATP will serve its function their DNA repair mechanisms and there's a lot of crosstalk between the DNA or between the mitochondria and the nucleus and that there's a lot of different molecules it becomes incredibly complex but I think I'll try to make it as simple as possible I think you know the most important thing is that we do things to enhance the function of our mitochondria and that's you know nutrition lifestyle I mean it's these things have been said for decades millennia a ketogenic diet can really help with that right I mean that's sort of we're talking about here is that like yeah good evidence a lot of it is your work specifically that a ketogenic diet can be kind of protective and help for the mitochondria now whether we should all be on a ketogenic right right all the time I mean I have been pretty much that remains to be you know that that's a debated question but I am in contact with people who have been on for decades and they're doing remarkably well obviously they need to be on it for various medical reasons but uh but I but I think without I mean just kind of taking a step back periodically entering a state of ketosis is probably a natural thing and if we're not ever entering a state of fasting ketosis or nutritional ketosis that is very unnatural and we're putting our body in this sort of protracted state in many cases of being overfed and and I think it stimulates you know we talked about otology in it and that could be produced with a carbohydrate diet with calorie restriction but the easiest way to do it to implement this is carbohydrate restriction intermittent fasting and periodic like legitimate ketogenic diet you know and I think if and some people are just not interested in optimizing their health but I think in if people are genuinely interested in in this it's probably the biggest tool in the toolbox I want to let you go so you can get home to dinner last question makes like yeah well your what your wife is gonna be mad at me I'm sorry what is the most radical thing that you have done in the last week my friend this is what I'm starting to end my podcast with radical thing man you kind of got me stumped on this radical in the last month you could say in the last month in the last week what's the most radical thing recently I mean a big risk for me and like for various reasons that we bought a farm you know yeah so we actually had a farm but we bought a significant amount of property to where I am working day and night and spending a lot of time at night figuring out what we're going to do on this farm so it was a major investment in time and resources and things like that now I am working very hard at preparing the land to do sustainable farming and I'm doing a lot of research and investigation on how to best produce a chemical free organic sustainable farm with a high diversity of plants and animals so this is a big jump for me because I stayed you know I farmed when I was younger but this is sort of a a big project for me so this was and it all happened in the last month that's pretty radical and that's pretty cool that's providing for us yeah that's super exciting Tom thank you so much for coming on where can people find you and your work yeah I would tell them to go to keto nutrition dot o RG and I also like to kind of plug the metabolic health summit yep and this little tumbler thing was made for me that I am I helped to co-organized that with my colleague dr. Angela pop and Victoria so just go search metabolic health summit comm and I usually post about it on keto and nutrition too and but keto nutrition has a blog it has a lot of people ask me what products you know if I have a product I don't I don't sell products that I have a product and maybe in the future I will but the products that I use and I love and I'm testing products all the time right so this is an unmarked cookie for people they send it to me and I measure blood glucose and things and the things that actually are legit ketogenic and that have quality ingredients I put on my site awesome and some of them I have to disclose it I do have some of them I have affiliate links or code or something like that and that should give you a discount and then all that that money goes back into our research too so if you're buying products from there - you're helping to support you know some of the research that we do to come keto nutrition all about all the info is right there keto nutrition org metabolic health summit is in January right in Long Beach we are making arrangements for that I'm not sure if the exact date is nailed down but I think it is I'll have to check with Angelo on that it's like a figurehead they do all the heavy lifting and then you know I'll speak probably but yeah they do all the work it's a lot of work pretty cool hopefully I'll see you there yeah I met Victoria recently at Kido con and yeah I'd love to come to metabolic health summit and meet people and here's some awesome talks so thanks so much there is so much to talk about Dom we could go for another couple hours again I would love to I appreciate your time so much have a great night my friend and I will talk to you soon thanks Paul

  Top Comments:
  1. @alphacause [8 likes]: Thank you Dr. Saladino for having Dr. D'Agostino on your podcast. As an academic that works with both NASA and American special forces, Dr. D'Agostino offers an insight into the application of the ketogenic diet that is seldom touched upon by other physicians and researchers.  Nothing is a better testimony to the potency of a dietary program than the willingness of institutions, where elite performance is paramount, to adopt such a dietary protocol. The fact that American special forces and NASA - the best of the best in terms of what the global military and space programs have to offer- are utilizing ketogenic diets to enhance their operators' performance, should give detractors of the ketogenic diets pause. In such a high stakes environment, where literally lives are on the line, the military and NASA can't afford to dabble in one fad after another. The dietary protocol they want their members to adhere to must have proven and substantial efficacy. It is probably why they are going the ketogenic route and not the vegan route 😊
  2. @bidnow2946 [8 likes]: 1:09:50  This is a key area that I would like to see better developed and explained.  Dr. D'Agostino suggests that it is the blood sugar spikes that are the biggest problem, yet I seem to recall Dr. Peter Attia suggesting that it is likely the overall blood glucose level ("area under the curve") (HbA1c exposure impact) that is more critical.  Everybody, even people with healthy metabolisms, experience an increase in blood glucose after eating.  The question then becomes how high is really too high and/or for how long?  Along with that is the associated Insulin (Kraft) curve response.


mean amplitude of glucose excursions (MAGE)
https://spectrum.diabetesjournals.org/content/25/3/149
"These studies again suggest that it is not the glucose variability in a given day, but rather variability over time that is a risk factor for microvascular and neuropathic complications of diabetes."


"We just don't know."
  3. @johnrimac3106 [2 likes]: Great talk, at least half of which, went right over my head. I will probably watch it again.
  4. @max_2026_power [1 likes]: I wonder now how Paul's mindset has evolved from this point???
  5. @obuchovaoffice [1 likes]: Omg! O will need to lear, listen, listen and re-listen! That is a super powerful podcast!
  6. @vplan [1 likes]: Absolutely fascinating! I will have to watch several times....to make sure I understood everything
  7. @scarletsummer3526 [1 likes]: This was so good Paul. Thank you. I have a son who had a mytrocondial condition. He's only 30 but can't hardly walk but a quarter a mile. So frustrating for him when he wants to work and go go go. I wonder if there are any study's he can participate in guys?can you refer??? Please!!!
  8. @gardeniainbloom812 [1 likes]: Hm judging by the quality of the comments I’m not the only one who didn’t understand most of what was said. Please remember many in your audience didn’t attend med school or study bio chem.
  9. @billschroedel5249 [1 likes]: Super interesting. It took me a while to get through the vid but very well worth the time. Thank you.
  10. @petercyr3508: What needs to be understood, and this type of science is getting there, is that being a fat burner producing ketones with the liver providing all needed glucose is NORMAL. The aberration is burning all glucose and supressing fat burning and ketosis with a crappy diet. All-glucose burning is only for subsistence when no real food is available.
  11. @tavon7687: 0:22xx
  12. @hontro7846: Poor dog I liked my own commet how sad.
  13. @ogge23456: Wilhjalmur stefansson said liver is discarded in the eskimo culture in fat of the land. They fed the organs to the dogs and ate lean meat and fat
  14. @andrewburnett2581: NASA is always under water.
  15. @larawhite5890: Useless geek conversation.
  16. @MarmaladeINFP: Calorie restriction obviously can play a role for some people. It's common for hunger and cravings to go down in ketosis while a low-carb, high-fat diet in generally tends to be more satiating. People can unintentionally lower their calorie intake.

But there is more going on than this. I know I feel different in ketosis. Everything shifts: energy, fat-burning, etc. That is true even when eating a lot of fat. There are studies that show a certain amount of metabolic advantage. That seems to fit my experience.

I'm particularly wondering about metabolism, nutritional processing, etc depending on the functioning of the hormonal system. As a neuroendocrinologist, Dr. Lustig talks about this, although I'm not sure he has ever discussed ketosis. Also, in eliminating most or all highly processed foods, one would be limiting the hormone mimics and disruptors.
  17. @kathycoe58: Goat milk butter is an excellent source of MCT.  Caprine means goat....caprylic and capric acids were named after goats, since they are a major source!
  18. @scarletsummer3526: Doing your farm is wonderful! Good for you!
  19. @EasyAnderson: Great stuff you guys, really appreciate what you’re doing and moving the light forward one step at a time.
  20. @pauls9783: Dr. Paul...I really enjoy all your content, but I find myself not watching often due to the length of your videos. I find myself skipping videos that exceed an hour.  Thanks....again I appreciate your content.

- Brain and memory benefits of ketones | Dominic D'Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en so speaking of the nervous system this is this is one area where i in my opinion ketogenic ketosis ketogenic diets really shine and i'm really what what has thoroughly convinced me is you know just overwhelming evidence that you've talked about with the effects on the brain and epilepsy and other types of brain disorders but also some of the preclinical studies that have come out of our mutual friend dr eric ferdin and i know john ramsey also did some publications where they fed mice um in the case of dr verdin's study mid midlife they started them on a cyclical cyclical ketogenic diet and um i'd love to get your idea thoughts on why um he said the reason they did it was because the mice were overeating which i found to be interesting because i've always been satiated on a ketogenic diet but anyways um a lot of nuance eric yes yeah yeah let's get into that but also the thing that was so striking and you know much more about the details of these studies than i do but the effects i mean their their their health span was improved um their median so their media and lifespan was improved so they were dying they were dying less earlier but maximum lifespan i guess wasn't affected but the effects on the brain and cognition like he said you know that these the older mice had better cognition than younger mice yeah and when he said that i was like you know like that's really um so things are magnified in rodents so i'll say that as far and so my question is do you think this is going to translate to humans rodent model studies are in very very informative especially mechanistically not always predictive uh there are some of the nuances is that there's different strains of rodents that will overeat ketogenic diets and some like early studies before some some colleagues were feeding it and said this is not going to work they're hoarding the food they're eating they're getting blown up there's like this is obesogenic you know so the high fat you know there's a question there's a lot of high-fat diet research that detractors of ketogenic diet will point to and say this diet is you know causes all these bad things but that's a westernized obesogenic high-fat diet so what uh dr verdin used and ramsey dr so they did actually the study that i really wanted to do and they probably did it better than i could ever do they have really great molecular tools and and everything and they did it in a very clever way and i kind of from my understanding they did and and the results were to be expected you know i think the results are what i would expect so my understanding is that they did the cyclic ketogenic diet because yeah they didn't want them to gain weight which could negate so i have to look to see what animal model they use but the c-57 black six mice will eat a ton of the ketogenic diet food and they don't gain weight whereas other depending upon the strain and then we have the vmdk mice that we use for our cancer research and they tend to it corrects their eating behavior meaning that if you give them the standard diet add libidum they just gain weight like a couch potato but a ketogenic diet they will lose weight and everything improves so they're like the other end the seafood and black sticks are kind of like athlete mice i think where the the other models are more like sedentary mice are not as as active but what we found i have to look exactly at the feeding protocol but when we did a little bit of calorie restriction our calorie restriction is just putting you know five or six grams of food into it every day and then they eat it within an hour and then they essentially fast for 23 hours and then eat it so it's kind of more like but you have to individually house the animals and then you know sometimes if you house them together they get they'll start like fighting and eating each other because they're kind of hungry but one thing that we saw very consistently early on is that a mild amount of calorie restriction makes these mice like super mice like they become you know they're thinking faster they are really thriving in the context of a calorie deficit and i think that goes back to human evolution too so we survive today because we undoubtedly experience food scarcity and limited food availability and in the context of being hungry that enhanced our cognition even exercise performance to be able to acquire resources right so the same thing i think is happening in their mice and it could be i have to look at the weights of the mice but a lot of it's kind of like weight dependent and producing that energy deficit but you just get a whole plethora of things happen in regards to suppressing age-related chronic diseases with just a little bit of dietary restriction seems to unmask this probably because with a standard rodent chow fed ad-libitum they overeat and it just basically fuels metabolic derangement that contributes to early onset age-related chronic diseases and also the formation of spontaneous tumors and i think in their studies maybe with both or at least one maybe both studies showed a suppression of spontaneous tumors too so this has major implications i think we're very interested in actually taking animal models that have inducible tumors for example you know various genes that will kick on at 200 days and then form spontaneous tumors or a melanoma model where you subject to uv radiation and if they're fed a ketogenic diet can you suppress people don't do these studies because the nih doesn't really fund like cancer prevention research but i i feel like these are the most important studies that need to be done you put a wide you put a variety of different strains under different conditions that are known to like induce tumors and you feed them you know a a low carb diet or ketogenic diet that you could actually feasibly maintain and do and you see if you could suppress these spontaneous tumors but that's what they did in this experiment and they showed like you said an enhancement of cognitive and learning ability relative the older mice learn better than the younger might yeah yeah i know in um in john ramsey's pa in publication um dr vernon mentioned also in the podcast when we had them on a few years ago that they um they had a diet a time restricted feeding aspect to it because they were feeding the animals um proportions so very specific proportions they were and they were only you know they were only given their food you know when the when the people the scientists were going there into the house and given the food so they had this sort of dietary restriction component to it um whereas verdins they were ad libitum but they were going on they were cyclic they're going on this cyclic ketogenic diet and um ramsay's data was more pronounced like you mentioned the combination of the dietary restriction plus ketogenic diet seems to be like secret sauce in a way but you know to me it was and again like you said it's you know the the animal rodent research isn't necessarily predictive of what's going to be you know occurring in humans but it certainly is promising in my opinion and um it's it got me very interested in it and you know i've got neurodegenerative diseases in on both sides of my family parkinson's and alzheimer's so i'm very interested in you know any types of lifestyle and i also have genetic factors there at play as well so i'm i'm certainly very interested in any sort of lifestyle factors that can mitigate that genetic risk which as we know that many things that you can do in your lifestyle that can help but um this doing a some sort of modified ketogenic diet cyclical maybe you know because it is for me hard to sustainably do it all the time you know uh that's where intermittent fasting kind of comes in too because people don't have to tinker around with their i mean the foods that we eat are super important just like eliminating processed sugar carbs things like that that's going to move the needle like quite a bit but there are some people that i know like family member and there are just some people who are not going to count carbs even to do that you know that's just not going to happen but so but eating within a predetermined time window is pretty easy for that's like a good introduction and i think if once you start doing that then you start realizing how good you feel in this mild state of ketosis and then you start maybe that becomes the entry point to where your start manipulating your food and your macros and things like that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @elec3calengr [1 likes]: Please have a trial of this keto diet in the Philippines. Elementary and high school. Divide schools randomly and see results based on standard examination.
  2. @elec3calengr [1 likes]: Have a test in Philippines thru a feeding program for elementary and high school. With exam validation to test.
  3. @michaelsrowland [1 likes]: My brain does not function on ketones
  4. @elec3calengr: Test with our prisoners in the Philippines. Their food ration is far more worst that giving them high fat or low fat diet
  5. @zoezzzarko1117: No ability to make $$$ off of the public w prevention.

 This is why they don't do this type of study.

- Ketone supplementation as a possible treatment for neurodegenerative diseases | Dominic D'Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en [Rhonda]: So tell us a little bit about your...some of your more recent interests and research where you're, sort of, been, what have you been looking at. [Dom]: Okay, so more recently, I'd say within the last three to five years, and it took a while to develop them, but as you know we're working on ketone supplementation. And the idea is to, kind of, mimic the therapeutic effects and performance-enhancing effects of the ketogenic diet. So nutritional ketosis achieved through a dietary means with a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet has therapeutic effects for a broad range of neurological disorders, in particular, seizures. And you can make the argument that pretty much every neurological disorder is some way linked to a metabolic dysregulation. And we're interested in understanding how nutritional ketosis may help to preserve and, sort of, stabilize brain energy metabolism to metabolically manage these seizure disorders. So in the process of understanding and studying the ketogenic diet, we are developing a broad range of ketone supplements which can include ketone esters and ketone mineral salts, which where we combine a ketone body, beta-hydroxybutyrate, to an essential electrolyte and create a wide variety of salts. And we're working...a lot of the work now is focused on formulating these to make them tolerable, to make them palatable, and to understand their therapeutic potency for different types of disorders.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FoundMyFitnessClips [1 likes]: Watch the full episode:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ7pSXIWHrI
 
FoundMyFitness episode page:
https://www.foundmyfitness.com/episodes/dominic-dagostino
 
More clips from this guest:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrGxo-5Uw8gKoHER5oPn--l-wvde-2bxE
  2. @adbc8213: Awesome info.... Thank you!
  3. @rrubio7819: Interesting topic.  Have heard from others (on Youtube) that exogenous ketones are not effective for weight loss , but like the idea of combating neurodegenerative diseases with supplementation.  Thank you!
  4. @IvorMektin1701: I wish we had known this for my dad's Parkinson's, but it's good to know now.

- Dominic D'Agostino, Ph.D. on Modified Atkins Diet, Keto-Adaptation, Ketosis & More: Kind: captions Language: en [Rhonda]: Hello, everyone, I'm sitting here with Dr. Dominic D'Agostino in Tampa, Florida. Dominic is an assistant professor at the University of South Florida where his primary research focus is on metabolic therapies, particularly nutritional ketosis, ketone supplementation, and how they affect a wide variety of pathological conditions ranging from neurological disorders like ALS to epilepsy to muscle wasting and cancer. So very, very interesting stuff that Dominic's doing here in Florida. He showed me some of his really cool equipment, which is super-exciting and very interesting. Some things I hadn't seen before. So welcome, Dominic. [Dom]: Thanks for having me. [Rhonda]: Yeah, thanks for inviting us to your lab. [Dom]: Great to have you here in my lab, yeah. [Rhonda]: Super-cool. [Dom]: Thanks. [Rhonda]: So tell us a little bit about your...some of your more recent interests and research where you're, sort of, been, what have you been looking at. [Dom]: Okay, so more recently, I'd say within the last three to five years, and it took a while to develop them, but as you know we're working on ketone supplementation. And the idea is to, kind of, mimic the therapeutic effects and performance-enhancing effects of the ketogenic diet. So nutritional ketosis achieved through a dietary means with a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet has therapeutic effects for a broad range of neurological disorders, in particular, seizures. And you can make the argument that pretty much every neurological disorder is some way linked to a metabolic dysregulation. And we're interested in understanding how nutritional ketosis may help to preserve and, sort of, stabilize brain energy metabolism to metabolically manage these seizure disorders. So in the process of understanding and studying the ketogenic diet, we are developing a broad range of ketone supplements which can include ketone esters and ketone mineral salts, which where we combine a ketone body, beta-hydroxybutyrate, to an essential electrolyte and create a wide variety of salts. And we're working...a lot of the work now is focused on formulating these to make them tolerable, to make them palatable, and to understand their therapeutic potency for different types of disorders. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so you mentioned that at the root, or at the heart of a lot of these neurological disorders is a metabolic dysfunction and how, first of all, when we talk about nutritional ketosis, to me, it's so, it's such a broad way of describing. [Dom]: Very broad. [Rhonda]: What is nutritional ketosis? Like, and how do you achieve it? [Dom]: So nutritional ketosis could be, it's defined...they, kind of, have the same definition in my mind. It's achieving and sustaining a level of blood ketones. And I think when people say they've done the ketogenic diet, they did that it didn't work for them or it did work for them, I would ask the question, "Well, did you measure blood ketones? Did you confirm, in fact, that you were able to achieve a state of ketosis?" Defined as an elevation of blood ketones above 0.5 millimolar at the very least. Ideally, you want to stay between one and three millimolar of ketones. And when you've achieved that state... [Rhonda]: You're talking about blood ketones? [Dom]: I'm talking about blood ketones, yeah, which is, kind of, the gold standard. And this can be measured. There's a number of different devices out there that measure blood ketones. And when that...the state of nutritional ketosis is achieved, you're also, not only not only that biomarker is, kind of, there and we have technologies to measure it, but it would also be important to measure your blood glucose and maybe insulin levels, too. The suppression of the hormone insulin drives hepatic ketogenesis and drives the body's ability to make ketones. And that has therapeutic implications for type 2 diabetes, obviously. So my definition of nutritional ketosis would be an elevation of blood ketones and the, kind of, the difficulty in prescribing that or telling someone to do it is that the way to implement that is, kind of, similar with everyone, but everyone responds differently depending on where you're coming from. So if you have an obese subject that's type 2 diabetic, it's going to be different than an athlete. And women, there's some differences between women and men, I think. So defining nutritional ketosis is relatively easy with an elevation of blood ketones, but implementing it and being able to, for the individual to commit to it and have that, kind of, ability to control their diet, which is very linked to lifestyle, has been, sort of, a difficult thing to do. And that's where ketone supplementation, kind of, comes in and can allow someone to rapidly achieve nutritional ketosis and sustain it and perhaps get many of the therapeutic benefits that we're just finding out now. We know that ketones are more than just a metabolite. They are more than just an energy metabolite that the brain can use, but they are metabolites, especially beta-hydroxybutyrate, are very powerful signaling molecules. And we're just beginning to understand, sort of, the therapeutic effects of these metabolites as signaling molecules and that's a big thrust of our lab right now. [Rhonda]: Oh, you're interested at looking at this and the effects... [Dom]: Yes. [Rhonda]: Interesting, I'm familiar with some of Eric Verdin's work at Gladstone and how he's... The science... [Dom]: He's a pioneer in... [Rhonda]: I'm very interested in beta-hydroxybutyrate as not only as a source of energy for mitochondria. So being able to be converted into a thermodynamically favorable source of energy, but also the fact that it's able to change cell signaling in the brain and it's able to turn on genes that are involved in dealing with stress better, some of these genes are involved in longevity, FOXO3 for one. [Dom]: Absolutely. [Rhonda]: So it's all very interesting. But something that I...like, in my mind that I'm not exactly certain about is that nutritional ketosis. So eating a high-fat diet and, of course, there's, okay, what types of fat are you eating? Are you eating more polyunsaturated, you're eating more saturated? You know, how much protein are you eating? What types of carbohydrates? Are you getting fiber? I mean, there's so many diets, very complicated. But there is no doubt that there are interesting therapeutic effects from nutritional ketosis. I am interested in the the actual end product, which is ketone bodies and these signaling molecules like beta-hydroxybutyrate being able to get those maybe even without having to eat a high-fat diet, you can get them from fasting, from intense exercise, right? Also, you can achieve... [Dom]: Post-exercise ketosis. [Rhonda]: Post exercise. [Rhonda]: So, I guess, the, kind of, the question I had for you with nutritional ketosis besides having to define it was, what do people eat to obtain that? How do you get blood ketone levels between one and three millimolar? Like, what do you have to eat? What do you not have to eat? [Dom]: Okay, that is a good question and it varies depending on who you talk to and what's optimal. I think a good way to approach it would to be describe what has been used classically and how the diet has evolved over the last two to three decades, I think, with some of the work with Eric Kossoff at Johns Hopkins has, kind of, advanced the idea of using a modified Atkins diet or modified ketogenic diet. And I can, kind of, talk a little bit about strategies that I use, I think, and others that I know use to achieve that state and sustain it for optimal performance in health, I think. So in taking a step back, the classical ketogenic diet would be like a 4:1 or 3:1 diet, and that's, kind of, the ratios of the macronutrients. Four being fat and one being a combination of carbohydrates and protein together. So a pretty protein-restricted diet. And the ketogenic diet is not a high-protein It's actually moderate to low protein diet. And most people don't understand that, they think, especially in the fitness community, if they go on a ketogenic diet...if they say they've been on a ketogenic diet, what they will describe to me would be a very low-carbohydrate, high-protein, moderate-fat diet, but the ketogenic diet as it is used classically for drug-resistant epilepsy, the original was, like, 90% fat, like 85% to 90% fat and maybe about 10% protein, typically, and 8% to 10% protein, and a very minimal amount of carbohydrates, and it was heavily based upon the used of dairy fat. So dairy was the primary, kind of, vehicle, yeah, to get calories into you. And we know that the use of dairy especially in some people, dairy protein in particular, but even sometimes dairy fat, too, can have negative consequences for some people. So there's a wide variety of, kind of, ketogenic diets out there and they, the ketogenic diet has been defined by this ratio of macronutrients. But what we're learning now is that it's more than just macronutrients to optimize the diet, especially for individuals. The sources of the macronutrients, the fatty acid profile, the type of protein, it allows for some amount of carbohydrates, and the types and quality of the carbohydrates as it relates to gut health and gut microbiome, I think, is really important. I think it's really important to optimize the diversity of carbohydrate sources in the form of raw vegetables, and I think that it can optimize the diversity of the gut microbiome, too. I think those two are linked, the diversity of the foods in your diet and the diversity of your gut microbiome. I've seen that just through feedback. It's not really studied, but it's something everyone knows and it should be studied. So the classical ketogenic diet is very strict to follow. There's a few studies showing that it can influence a lipid profile in a negative way, meaning a high elevation of LDL. And in kids, I think, that follow the diet, they had a high level of triglyceride. There was one study that's often referenced in regard to the ketogenic diet being atherogenic the triglycerides are really high in some of the kids. [Rhonda]: It's probably a very complex gene-nutrient interaction, as well. [Dom]: Absolutely, yeah. [Rhonda]: There's some, I'm not sure if you're familiar with any of this work. It's something I'm getting into recently is this nutrigenomic field and particularly, there is PPAR-gamma and PPAR-alpha, which is important for ketosis and polymorphisms that are associated with not being able to respond well, so it's very likely that some of these people that don't respond well or may have that polymorphism. [Dom]: Yeah, undoubtedly, because there are some people that really have a negative effect, but I would it's, kind of, few and far between...maybe as high as 20% in some circles, but generally speaking, if you have a dietitian that's pretty savvy and has worked with enough people, I really emphasize experience because there's no substitute for experience. So you could know as much...yeah, you could know the biochemistry behind nutritional ketosis, all the pathways, whatever, but working with a dietitian, I always stress that in people that want to try the ketogenic diet to start off with a good dietitian. They can tailor and tweak the diet for your specific needs and I find that, for me, personally, a diet that's low in dairy is really essential because I just don't do good with dairy, and nuts have been a staple for some people for the ketogenic diet and I have, like, a mild nut allergy. So that's another food that I've, kind of, had to eliminate. But despite that, I have been following what I call a modified ketogenic diet and I think it's pretty similar to the modified Atkins diet that Eric Kossoff has been using at Johns Hopkins. He's at Johns Hopkins, mainly a neurologist, but has a team of dietitians working with him and has done an incredible job advancing, sort of, the use of the ketogenic diet. You know, he follows in the steps of John Freeman, who was really a pioneer in getting the neurology world to recognize a ketogenic diet as a viable metabolic therapy for drug-resistant epilepsy. And he did a lot of work with The Charlie Foundation and worked with them to help promote awareness of the diet, education of the diet. So some work that Eric Kossoff has been doing over the years and publishing on is showing that the modified Atkins diet has much of the therapeutic potency of the strict classical 4:1 ketogenic diet. So instead of 90% fat, the modified Atkins diet is roughly 65% to maybe 70% fat which is, kind of, what I follow now, and about 20% to 30% protein, with the balance being still very low on carbohydrates, like no more than 5% or 10% carbohydrates. But it's more liberal in the use of protein. And it's also, advocates the use of medium-chain fatty acids, can be incorporated into that. So by following a diet that's more liberal with the protein and less not restrictive, and less in of a need of a such a high-fat content, I've been able to maintain a moderate state of ketosis as do many of the therapies or many of the patients that are benefiting from this therapy for a wide range of disorders. So I think that makes the diet more accessible to people, and I think the biggest hurdle now is just compliance. So people know the benefits of the diet, some of them are a little concerned with the side effects of the diet as far as lipid profiles being altered. [Rhonda]: What about gut? [Dom]: The gut, yeah. [Rhonda]: Have you been looking...how long have you been doing this modified ketogenic diet? [Dom]: It, sort of, evolved from 2008 to '09, I started experimenting with it because that's when I got interested in using... [Rhonda]: And you've continued on ever since then? [Dom]: Yeah, I've never really gotten out of ketosis. [Rhonda]: It's quite a long time. That's quite a long time. [Dom]: Yeah. If I did, I may have reverted back to, like, a low-carb Paleo which is maybe up to 40% to 50% fat or protein on some days. So I've been a little more liberal on the protein at times, but yeah, I've been following it for a long time. And I do blood work really consistent. [Rhonda]: Well, the reason I ask is because, it's the one, like I mentioned, I'm very interested in nutritional ketosis, which is why I'm excited to talk to you because you know so much more about it. And I'm trying to, like, get to the bot-,...there's this conflict in my head with eating a lot of fat and its effects on the gut because I know a lot of my gut researchers, a lot of my friends are, kind of, looking at gut health and one of the main things that you do induce endotoxin, which is released from bacterial cell membranes. I remember it's one of main things needed to induce gut permeability is if you have a high-fat diet. You feed mice, you feed...this is all done in animals, of course, which is... There's lots of problems with that, but... [Dom]: What's the typical fat source for that? Is it lard or is it...? [Rhonda]: A variety of different fat sources. There's lard, there's corn oil. I mean, so there's there's a variety of different fat sources, but fat itself in order to be digested, you have make these bile acids like deoxycholic acid, which which causes endotoxin release. It also acts as a surfactant. I mean, it's like a detergent. So, I'm not convinced that it's not not healthy, but I'm not...I'm, sort of, trying to get to the...there's a disconnect in the literature because there's so much information out there showing the benefits of a ketogenic diet, nutritional ketosis. [Dom]: Let me ask this question real quick. So when endotoxin is released from these bile acids, so there would be a predictable, a characteristic cytokine profile that would reflect that, right? [Rhonda]: Yes, so there's a cytokine profile and you also measure endotoxin in the blood, which is a very tricky thing to do because there's a lot of false positives and I know someone who's trying to develop an assay to make it actual-, because he's very OCD about it. It's not out there for clinical use yet because of that reason, and even doing it in animal studies, there's a lot of researchers that don't really do it right, measuring endotoxin. [Dom]: Is there any benefit to endotoxin? So when I go exercise right, and you measure my blood and we look at reactive oxygen species or inflammatory mediators, you could look at the blood and say, "Don't do that, this is not a good thing to do." Whereas if you have periodic spikes maybe and endotoxin, is it stimulating a hormetic effect where it's enhancing my resilience or resistance to toxins, do we know that? [Rhonda]: So endotoxin, I would say based on everything that I have known and researched and from my interactions with people that have been doing this research. It's not like reactive oxygen species where there's it's a potent signaling molecule that has this hormetic effect, increases mitochondria biogenesis, it increases all these genes involved in dealing with stress there's lot of benefits. You know, endotoxin release from the gut, one, it causes more VLDL production because VLDL sucks soaks it up. So that's part of the reason why inflammation is also correlated with an increase in LDL number. It also binds to ApoB, it binds to the part, it binds to where the LDL receptors bind so that LDL can't be recycled as well. So it, kind of, prevents. There's a lot of bad things about endotoxin being released. Now I don't know, maybe there is some, sort of, slight benefit from endotoxin being released. You know, I don't want to get too into the endotoxin world. I'm just saying there is, in my...I'm trying to, like, understand in my mind how.... [Dom]: So you might be a little biased because some of the high-fat diet work has endotoxin. I'm a little bit, I need to get educated, I mean, I understand endotoxin from, kind of, like a basic science point of view. [Rhonda]: Right, like, "sepsis, bad." [Dom]: Yeah, from "sepsis, bad," but I do know when your body is challenged, even things like radiation. I mean, there are some things...you know, I don't know of any case where an auto antibody is a good thing, but I know most of the things that are bad out there do have some benefits, it's the level it's the level. [Rhonda]: Absolutely, dose is very important. [Dom]: And the phenotype's ability to adapt to that chemical, that stimulus is really important. Like, old people don't adapt to older phenotypes don't adapt to an oxidative stress stimulus as robust. So I would be interested, and there's ways to simulate endotoxin, right? Experimental models and that's something we can do, challenge, perhaps run an experiment where we have animals on different diets where we can challenge them and look at inflammatory cytokines. We're doing a lot of that work now. [Rhonda]: And gut health in general, gut permeability. I would love to see some ketogenic research go in that direction because there's so many unanswered questions in my mind. And there's a lot of bad data out there, like so from the high-fat diet and the effects on the gut because when you look at controlled diets and the high-fat diet, well, the controlled diets have, like, 50% more fiber, and it's like, "Well, that's not really the same thing if you're just changing fat." So there's, you have sift through all sorts of crap, and it's, like, there's lots of data you just have to throw out, but still at the end of the day, I'm uncertain and I'm weary about me, eating a high-fat diet. Not not mention the fact that I have certain gene polymorphisms that may not be as compatible, but because of that, because of gut health, that's my major, the limiting factor for me is gut health and I like to see more research on ketogenic diets and gut health, like, that's something that I think is important. [Dom]: How to optimize it. [Rhonda]: Yeah, or just what the effects are, like maybe they're for one, we're starving out probably a lot of the pathogenic sugar-eating bacteria. So there's probably some good things going on. And then there's, well, what effect does medium-chain triglycerides has? Is it the same as long-chain fats? Maybe not. So maybe...so there is different types of fat there's studies that had been coming out very recently showing the effects of polyunsaturated fat on the gut biome, and how it has a positive effect. So maybe if you eat certain types of fat, more of these types of fat versus the others. There's lot of things out there to be explored. [Dom]: Undoubtedly shifts it, yeah. It shifts it. I mean, your gut microbiome has an appetite for whatever you're feeding it and that probably influences profoundly your own appetite. So I think if you have sugar-eating gut microbes, you're probably going to be craving sugar if you go a few hours without having sugar. And I think I would be very interested in not only, like, shifting someone from a high-carb diet to two or three different types of ketogenic diets, I think, would be important with specific fatty acid compositions and fiber compositions. And I think it's the diversity of the fiber that's incorporated. [Rhonda]: Diversity, yes, it is very important. There have been there's lots of different types of bacteria and they're eating different precursors to generate a lot of these other signaling molecules, short chain fatty acids and things like that that are regulating your immune system, that are regulating literally hematopoiesis, Tregs, natural killer cells lots of...and this is a whole blooming field of research. That's also another reason I've been a little hesitant to experiment with this because I'm so, fiber is so important for me, fiber from vegetables. You know, I'm not adverse to fiber from fruits, so fiber from fruits, legumes, beans, like, I like to get a lot of fiber in my diet, and so I don't know if that, is that compatible with it? [Dom]: I get more fiber on a ketogenic diet. You know, and we're talking about a well-formulated ketogenic diet, as Jeff Volek likes to... And because that is really important because you talk to people that you eat ketogenic diets and it's all over the board. But I think a well-formulated ketogenic diet would have an abundance of fiber sources, everything from green vegetables, of course, but would include a salad, and I think it's really important from a gut microbiome perspective to get in raw vegetables, I think, from what I've known and a half-dozen individuals that I talk to that are, kind of experts in this field. They think that that has a pretty profound effect, and I have always done that and I would say my gut health has not... It may be due to what I eliminated in my diet. I grew up in an Italian family eating a lot of pasta, bread, so they were the staple foods, and I gravitated toward a Paleo diet mid-90s, early 2000s and then the ketogenic diet, and I have never had better gut health than when on a ketogenic diet, but my diet is, like I said, more of a modified Atkins and has a pretty liberal amount of vegetables in it. And I think the benefit to including the vegetables, they're just carriers for the fat and they also slow protein digestion, which helps minimize the insulin spike that you can get from protein and helps keep me in ketosis. But, I mean, getting back to your question about the ketogenic diet or high-fat diet influencing endotoxin or factors, I would think that would show up in the literature that if some, and maybe it does, but it usually, a high-fat diet is in the context of a high-carbohydrate diet, too. So that's what we don't know when we talk about LDL particles being elevated, like, even skyrocketed, LDL, little peak. That is only understood in the context of a high-fat diet, which also includes also sugar like a western diet. So we don't yet understand lipidomics and the shifts in lipid profile of the ketogenic diet, LDL(p), specifically, we don't understand it in the context of ketoadaptation. [Rhonda]: Okay, what's that? [Dom]: Ketoadaptation, I would, it's, kind of, a term that Jeff Volek and Stephen Phinney coined, but I think it's very descriptive in my mind as a physiological process when your body has adapted to using fatty acids and ketones for fuel where you've biochemically and physiologically shifted your metabolism from burning glucose as the primary fuel to burning glucose and also equal or maybe more, in some cases, ketone bodies primarily from your central nervous system. So when that happens, that's acutely, you get an elevation of blood ketones and over time, what you do is get an upregulation of the transport mechanism so your ability to make ketones, utilize ketones, and metabolize ketones in the cell is dramatically increased as is the oxidative capacity of your cells. [Rhonda]: After you start making more ketones. [Dom]: After, yeah. It's, sort of, driven by being in a state of ketosis enhances fat oxidation over time. So when we say ketoadaptation, we should probably say keto and fat adaptation. So there's studies out there that show our metabolic physiology changes pretty profoundly from eating this. We basically, we burn what we eat, right? So with a high-carbohydrate diet, we are pretty much burning that as fuel and our bodies can adapt remarkably well to burning a macronutrient profile that's reflective of the ketogenic And when we do that, a lot of really remarkable, beneficial metabolic processes happen including mitochondrial biogenesis, reduction of ROS, reduction of inflammation, a reduction of specific inflammatory cytokines that may be associated with with age-related chronic diseases are reduced. [Rhonda]: And so reduction of ROS, because I would, no, I guess some of Richard Veech's, have put some ideas out there about the... [Dom]: Ketones, direct effect, yeah, on that, [Rhonda]: Yeah, it's so funny because in my mind I always think about like, well, if you're inducing your mitochondria to work more, you're going to make more reactive oxygen species, right, and that's, sort of, what I think would be a driver of killing abnormal cells, cancer cells that are primed to die. They're expressing way more pro-apoptotic proteins they've countered it with anti-apoptotics. All they need is a little push, a little reactive oxygen species pushed to death. [Dom]: And that's increased initially. [Rhonda]: It is. [Dom]: So yeah, it actually activates like a Nrf2. So when someone gets on a ketogenic diet, it's a stress to the body and you... [Rhonda]: Yeah, so you are...you aren't making more, because if you are causing your mitochondria to only work, right, that's the only way you can make energy, then you'd think that you have to be making reactive oxygen species. At least if you're looking in the context of a cancer cell, which just would be glycolytic and not using the mitochondria at all, right? Then definitely there would be a much more, an increase in ROS. So ketone, so you're saying that it can suppress ROS. Is that through some of what Richard Veech has put out there in the semi-ubiquinone, how it's like... [Dom]: Oxidize Q, makes it less available. [Rhonda]: Yeah, right, because that's the most... [Dom]: If Q is oxidized, yeah, so. [Rhonda]: So Q being ubiquinone. [Dom]: Yeah, ubiquinone. If ubiquinone is oxidized, which is achieved with our beta-hydroxybutyrate metabolism, if that's oxidized, then you have less availability for that electron to react with molecular oxygen in the metabolic pathway. So you would produce less superoxide anion, which is your precursor to more reactive oxygen species. And that's been shown elegantly in a number of models including the cardiac model, which he did, the Langenhorn [SP] model, the perfused heart preparation showing that you get a greater hydrolic efficiency of the heart in the presence of ketones. You know, with a given amount of oxygen, you can generate proportionally more ATP, energy currency. [Rhonda]: Is there another way that ketones also suppress ROS? Or is that through the hormetic effect of activating mitochondria, then increasing Nrf2 and things like that? [Dom]: Yeah, that would be a secondary effect. I would say from a acute point of view, as simply as a metabolic fuel through the mitochondrial efficiency is greater. So you have a greater mitochondrial membrane potential, a greater driving force for ATP synthase to make ATP. So it energizes the mitochondria in a way that would be expected from a metabolic fuel that's, sort of, superior from a bioenergetic point of view. So you have a greater capacity to generate ATP for a given amount of oxygen that's available. So with that occurring, the metabolic efficiency of the cell would be, sort of, preserved, you're using less oxygen to make the same amount of ATP, less reactive oxygen species. And, of course, if you're shifting away from glycolysis and shifting towards oxidative phosphorylation... [Rhonda]: So in the context of a cancer cell. [Dom]: In the context of, yeah, any kind of cell, like our tissue, really, skeletal muscle or cancer cell, yeah, you are forcing the body in a way and to stress, initially, to upregulate mitochondrial machinery, really, and more mitochondria will start budding off and creating mitochondrial biogenesis. [Rhonda]: So it increases mitochondrial biogenesis. [Dom]: Yeah, the number of mitochondria. Then, the proteins that are associated with the electron transport chain, those proteins are upregulated. [Rhonda]: That's very interesting. It acts very similar to lactate. I don't know if you're familiar with any of, like, the brain work, and George Brooks, and lactate. I...very interested in lactate as a graduate student. [Rhonda]: Because it does the same thing. Goes to the same transporter, right? [Dom]: Yeah, at MCT. I studied lactate as, sort of, an undergrad and graduate student, like, I am studying ketones now as an alternative fuel. [Rhonda]: Oh, really? We're you looking at it in the brain? [Dom]: Yeah, during hypoxia. So I studied the neural control of autonomic regulation, so brain hypoxia and what our brains do under hypoxia. And lactate is a big player in preserving brain function, viability, health, and I studied lactate as an alternative energy source under hypoxia. And now, I think of ketones as, like, the alternative energy source when your brain is under normal physiology. And I think there are some uses for lactate, too, as a fuel. I think when we exercise we're creating lactate and we feel good, it's not really talked about. It's something that I want to study and maybe talk about a little bit more is that the lactate...you're also sending, not only are you sending ketones to your brain, but you're sending lactate to your brain, and I think that's maybe not talked about that much, but there's a potential out there for lactate supplements. [Rhonda]: George Brooks in UC Berkeley, he's...I don't know if you're familiar with any of his work. [Dom]: A little bit, yeah, peripherally. [Rhonda]: He pioneered the whole lactate shuttle theory, but he's been looking at the effects of lactate generated during exercise, for example, when you're forcing your muscle cells to work harder and you're making more lactate, it gets over, it crosses over the blood-brain barrier gets into neurons. So neurons themselves actually use lactate generated from astrocytes. So they are using, I mean, neurons actually using lactate. It's also a thermodynamically and energetically favorable source of energy much like ketones. And so neurons like doing that because, one, it's easier, and two, because glucose can then be freed up to be shunted into the pentose phosphate pathway, which can be used to generate NADPH, which is important for glutathione recycling. [Dom]: Antioxidant capacity, yeah. [Rhonda]: Right, which makes sense why... Probably, I think there's a lot of parallels between ketone bodies and ketone supplements and how they're not only being used as a preferential source of energy in the brain. Do you know anything about this, about, like, how frees up glucose then to be used for other... [Dom]: Glucose sparing. [Rhonda]: ...metabolic pathways? Yeah, glucose sparing. [Dom]: Yeah, it's thought that some of the work by Steven Cunnane, I think, is shedding light on this, too. [Rhonda]: Where is he at? [Dom]: He's in Canada. I forget the institute that he's at. Joe LaManna has done some similar work and he's at Case Western and looked at the, kind of, the interaction of what does the brain prefer...what's the preferred fuel source for the brain. I get this question a lot. I think it depends on, you know...I don't know if it's right to say that the brain always prefers ketones. [Rhonda]: The brain cell we're talking about, for one. The neuron, astrocytes. [Dom]: Neurons and astrocytes. But, yeah, I guess, I mean, maybe we're definitely biased towards understanding neurons relative to astrocytes. [Rhonda]: I think most people that ask me that question are.... [Dom]: Astrocytes are fascinating. I think we need to study that more. But I think in the context of, like, aging and a context of traumatic brain injury or pathology, I think the brain will really prefer to use ketones because...or in the context of some kind of stress hypoglycemia or something like that, I think the brain will also prefer to use ketones. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so why do you think that is? [Dom]: Well, I think... [Rhonda]: I might have my own reasons why. [Dom]: There's a whole host of reasons or things that can cause impaired brain energy, brain glucose metabolism and that could be internalization of the GLUT3 transporter, which occurs...it's kind of linked to Alzheimer's pathology. [Rhonda]: GLUT... [Dom]: GLUT3, yeah. And there's a couple of key enzymes that are either deficient or not active like they should be, pyruvate dehydrogenase complex is deficient. [Rhonda]: So wait, are these in...are the GLUT3 changes in astrocytes or in neurons? [Dom]: Primarily in neurons. [Rhonda]: Neurons, okay. [Dom]: So the glucose transporter in neurons. [Rhonda]: So if neurons are using lactate primarily...the astrocytes are actually what's... [Dom]: Shuttling a lot. [Rhonda]: The astrocytes are using glucose and that's why the brain needs glucose and they're producing the lactate. The neurons are using the lactate because it's getting shunted and converted into pyruvate. [Dom]: And the contribution of that is not completely known, but it's pretty significant contribution during hypoxia, I would think. [Rhonda]: There's been studies out there showing that not just during hypoxia, but actually just under normal physiology that... [Dom]: It's a key player. [Rhonda]: It is, yeah, the neurons are getting lactate continually from astrocytes which are generating it, but that the astrocytes become aberrant during...for whatever reason, it's not known, Alzheimer's leaves traumatic brain injury, so they can't make that lactate and neurons have to start using the glucose, which then is, but I mean, that's just one. [Dom]: Yeah, I've heard about that, I haven't looked into that. Yeah, so there's some key enzymes then that people look at not only just the lactate levels... [Rhonda]: I think that...I have no idea what they're looking at, but for the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex, you're saying that's also aberrant in some of these disease states because then, you wouldn't be able to use the lactate because you couldn't convert it into pyruvate. So anyways, it's all kind of, I totally interrupted you, though, but you were talking about... What were you talking about, the aberrant enzymes, like GLUT3 and pyruvate dehydrogenase, and how these are aberrant in different neurological disorders. So I think, I think, well, maybe the question we're trying to get at is the contribution of ketones as a brain energy source and especially in, sort of, in academia and circles where I teach, it's not even, still not really known, it's not really accepted or understood that much. But I think the capacity, the metabolic flexibility of the brain to be able to use ketones, we can exploit that and we do that with nutritional ketosis, and it's altering brain energy metabolism and the neuropharmacology of the brain in ways we don't completely understand now, meaning the neurotransmitters in the brain. So I could draw off GABA. So you have more GABA, the GABA-to-glutamate ratio is shifted in favor of higher GABA. So there's a higher GABA-to-glutamate ratio when one is on the ketogenic diet. [Rhonda]: In people that are not having...in normal people, as well? Just, like, in general? [Rhonda]: Interesting. [Dom]: It's thought that, and there's different reasons for that. There's glutamic acid decarboxylase is an enzyme. [Rhonda]: Is that how it helps with epilepsy? [Dom]: That's part of it. I think there's about 20 or more things going on if you look at all the signaling pathways [crosstalk 00:39:37] actually what happens, yeah, with metabolism, but I think a key player in that is an elevation of GABA to glutamate. And we need glutamate to make GABA, right, but the enzyme is elevated and the pathways are shift in favor of more glutamate to GABA, which has a stabilizing effect on your cell membrane and neural interactivity, in general. [Rhonda]: How readily do ketones cross the blood-brain barrier? [Dom]: It's thought up to five millimolar, maybe six, seven millimolar, they can readily cross the blood-brain barrier. [Rhonda]: You have to get that high before they start crossing? [Dom]: No they start impeding once you get levels up that high. It hasn't really been studied in-depth. We did brain metabolomics to show that when we looked at the ketone levels in brain tissue and ketone levels in the blood, and there's a high correlation there. Interestingly, we had a diet, too, that was high in medium-chain fatty acids. And although I heard the medium-chain fatty acids could readily cross the blood-brain barrier long-chain fatty acids typically don't, short-chain fatty acids sort of do. But we found very high levels of medium-chain fatty acids indicative of them and these were normal, healthy animals. So when you take medium-chain fatty acids, they are readily from the looks of our metabolomic data, just readily crossing the blood-brain barrier and capable of being used as fuel... [Rhonda]: That's fascinating, I had no idea. [Dom]: ...which is very, yeah, it's really interesting. I heard about that, but when you see the data it's at really high levels. [Rhonda]: So when they're in the brain, then how are they...so then what happens? So they're used... [Dom]: Yeah, their medium-chain fatty acids can be oxidized just like fatty acids for fuel, yeah... [Rhonda]: Wow, interesting. [Dom]: ..uh-huh... oxidative, but ketones are also very high in the brain and to really capture and understand it, you have to, sort of, capture the brain tissue really quick and freeze it and then do an analysis because the brain's using it as fuel after you take it, your brain's, kind of, still alive. Sort of, the step that I was showing you in the lab where we can take the brain out and cut it like a piece of bread and then record from it. So that brain is still active. So it, sort of, uses the metabolites. So to get a very clear snapshot of the difference in tissue versus blood is a little tricky as is getting ATP levels in the brain. It's a little tricky. We're working on that to be able to do that. Another question which I think will involve radio tracers is actually to do, like, a ketone PET scan where we can look specifically at the regional distribution of ketones and figuring out what areas of the brain may be preferentially shuttling them and using them as fuel and how that may change under different pathologies, how that may change under oxygen deprivation, glucose deprivation, high oxygen, as I study oxygen toxicity. [Rhonda]: Please look at genetic states like ApoE4 because that's one thing... [Dom]: Yeah, that's a biggie. [Rhonda]: Yeah, I'm very interested in some of this work you're talking about in ketone supplements helping with neurological disorders like Alzheimer's. It's been shown that that is dependent on ApoE status, and that just, it's disappointing to me because I really want to understand why and I just... Do you have any idea? [Dom]: Well, so you're referring to the Henderson paper where they looked at... [Rhonda]: Both papers. [Dom]: ...Axona AC-1202? So the finding was in that study, which is relatively small, that at least not with the diet, but using a ketone supplement that was formulated with 20 grams of medium-chain triglycerides. So they gave to their patients, I think, just once a day. And they did show fairly convincingly that the elevation of beta-hydroxybutyrate correlated with an improvement in cognitive function, but that correlation was not observed in the ApoE4 positive group, which was a little bit...it was kind of surprising. I would like to see that study done using the ketogenic diet or maybe the ketogenic diet formulated with ketone supplementation. So, the question is...it did not have a negative effect, but the question is why didn't it have a positive effect? [Rhonda]: Was there not another study where they actually did the ketone supplement, beta-hydroxybutyrate? I thought there was, but I could be mistaken just from my lack understanding because that would shed some more light. [Dom]: Yeah, well, they used caprylic triglycerides, C8, which kind of makes a lot of ketones, relatively speaking. [Rhonda]: Unless the ApoE is changing the way you're making ketones, right? [Dom]: With fatty acids, yeah. [Rhonda]: But they measured, you said they measured beta-hydroxybutyrate in everyone and the levels were the same because it's like I want to understand why there was no positive benefit in ApoE4 carriers because that's the one thing that...it seems so promising, right, that these ketone, potentially ketone supplements or a ketogenic diet can help modulate Alzheimer's disease. [Dom]: Yeah, we...and I think you could do it in different ways. My student presented yesterday, she presented this week, but she graduated with her Ph.D. yesterday and her work showed that there's a remarkable increase in blood flow, and previous work has shown that ketone bodies can increase brain blood flow by 30% to 40%. So that's another, when you have vascular dementia, when you have a decreased, that being, staying in a state of nutritional ketogenesis... [Rhonda]: Or just brain injury in general. [Dom]: Yeah, it can have a profound effect. [Rhonda]: Did she understand any of the mechanisms or do you know? Can you talk about it? [Dom]: Yeah, we're looking at that. Well, we did ischemic wounds, which I mean, I guess you could kind of relate to an aged brain, right, with clogged arteries. We did a Doppler blood flow measurement and showed that it spiked up considerably when we can elevate ketones. One of the things, it was not dependent upon VEGF. So we looked at all the different factors, so VEGF was not increased in the wound. We looked at a couple of different other things that we thought would be increased. Well, the one thing that stood out in the data was adenosine. So adenosine levels are significantly elevated. Now adenosine is sort of thought to make us sleepy. You know, when we drink coffee, it's like an adenosine receptor antagonist. [Rhonda]: No way. [Dom]: There's high levels of ATP, sort of, being used and we think that they may be causing an elevation of adenosine, but we really have to delve into the metabolomics to understand why that's happening. Regardless, adenosine is a very powerful vasodilator, and it's in higher concentrations, significantly, in the blood and that may be increasing the profusion of tissues, peripheral tissues, and I think that was it. [Rhonda]: That's great. Did it have any effect on blood-brain barrier at all as you look at that? [Dom]: We haven't looked at that. My colleague has been, kind of, looking at that a little bit. We know with fasting and the ketogenic diet that you can increase permeability to the blood-brain barrier. Things get through faster. [Rhonda]: You mean ketosis through fasting or both, combining the two? [Dom]: Well, yeah, sort of, yeah, fasting-induced ketosis or even the ketogenic diet can help increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier to a wide variety of things. So if you are, sort of, the implications from his perspective that if you're getting a chemotherapeutic drug, if you're getting some kind of drug that needs to cross the blood-brain barrier that's impaired in some way, you might be able to get that across faster in a state of fasting ketosis or the ketogenic diet. So maybe if you're fasting maybe there's just less stuff in your blood, there's competition of things getting through and your blood's sort of clear and you introduce the drug and you get more rapid transport because there's co-transporters and other things or things that might be in their diet that may be impeding transport, there's multiple independent lines of evidence to suggest that being in a state of ketosis can help better transport things across, but when we talk about permeabilizing the blood-brain barrier, that's like a bad thing, right, making it more permeable. In general, though, you get a knockdown of neural inflammation from the diet and from therapeutic ketosis, which is something the epilepsy world is very interested in. So there's a PET scan technique that allows us to look at neural inflammation in the brain and we know that...this is a conference that I recently came from, that maybe an excellent predictor of when someone's going to have a seizure. [Rhonda]: Yeah, that would be really cool to do. Possibly see if some of those effects remediated through this pentose phosphate shunt because glutathione in the brain is one of the major ways of producing inflammation, right? [Rhonda]: So let's say you do this in an animal model and then you inhibit some of the pentose phosphate enzymes that are using glucose now instead to make NADPH and say, "Oh, is that mitigated?" Do you now not have that same effect? It'd be interesting to see if that's part of the mechanism because that's... [Dom]: It's undoubtedly is, yeah. [Rhonda]: Probably, right? [Dom]: I mean, it's part of that and, sort of, plays into all that. [Rhonda]: So I have another question for you. Thanks for, like, letting me jump all over the place because I'm super-interested in this and don't... [Dom]: We need to follow up on the studies. So one of the studies we, sort of, we want to do, just following back up on that question, is where ketones are being metabolized and what their contribution is to normal brain energy metabolism and disease states and hypoxia states and traumatic brain injury. So that's a lot to do. [Rhonda]: And those overlap, too, right? [Dom]: That's the direction of where we're going with that research, is understanding that. [Rhonda]: Just to jump back again before I ask you this other question to George Brooks' thing is that he's doing some interesting work working with some physicians at UCLA, I believe, with traumatic brain injury. So these are people that come out with, like, head gunshot wounds. And they are looking at infusing lactate because he's the lactate guy. But ketone bodies will work the same way. [Dom]: I think it would work better from what we know. [Rhonda]: Maybe even better. [Dom]: Yeah, I think a cocktail of the two would be... And I've been debating whether or not to really study lactate sort of the same way I'm studying ketones and maybe make lactate esters or lactate and just to see what kind of results we see starting with our oxygen toxicity model and working from there, which is an excellent model. [Rhonda]: Obviously, with the lactate, you have to have a intact blood-brain barrier because if no oxygen is getting there, you will get the lactic acid build-up, right? Because then, I mean, the mitochondria aren't going to be able to use the lactate, which is converted to pyruvate as energy, so it builds up, but he has been doing some work and looking at this glucose sparing in the brain. And in this, of course, ketone bodies would work very similarly, in theory. [Dom]: Do you know how he gets...? Does he use, like, a lactate? There's alpha L-polylactate, I think. That's, like, in a sports supplement and some other thing. [Rhonda]: He actually designed it... [Dom]: Oh, really? [Rhonda]: I think he's the one that, yeah, he's got a patent on that. [Dom]: Oh, wow. I was using that back in 1991 and -two. [Rhonda]: Cytomax? [Dom]: Cytomax, yeah. [Rhonda]: That's him, that's his. [Dom]: When I raced mountain bikes, that was, like, my go-to supplement, alpha-L-polylactate. [Rhonda]: You should get in touch with George, he's great. [Dom]: I know, wow. [Rhonda]: So he... Let's see, what was I just going to say? I lost my train of thought. [Dom]: The delivery or the... [Rhonda]: Oh, yeah, so the delivery that he's doing...in this specific study, they're doing it intravenously, so. But I was mentioning the blood-brain barrier has to be intact, otherwise, it can go the opposite way where it's actually bad for you. But it would be really interesting to see so the question is, one, will this lactate or beta-hydroxybutyrate or whatever ketone get into the MCT shuttle better? So there's questions of which one gets in there? And can they be used together? And there's all sorts of interesting things, but I'm sort of interested in this for my own personal... [Dom]: Yeah, the neuroprotective capacity seems really compelling. I mean, from what we know about lactate approaching it, going to back my old, like, PhD studies or whatever during hypoxia, but it would relate to so many traumatic brain injuries, hypoxia, so you're mitigating the damage from hypoxia. [Rhonda]: Yeah, and also traumatic brain injury is inducing damage, and so, glutathione is one of the major ways of mitigating that. There's been studies showing that, early on, it's important. If you get that early on, it prevents the whole cascade so I think that ketones and lactate both seem to have huge potential for glucose sparing, but that, you know... [Dom]: I think chilling the body and infusing ketones, lactate with a couple major few co-factors that are part of the bioenergetic use of these things would be a home run as far as... [Rhonda]: Yeah, get some students on it. [Dom]: Yeah, these are grants that I'm kind of working on and writing, but I'm not sure the funding agencies are ready to fully...they want, like, the magic pill thing. [Rhonda]: So to bring it back to the magic pill, I'm kind of interested. So let's say someone like me that my diet is mostly, I eat a lot of plants, a lot of greens, broad spectrum, carrots, I eat a lot of vegetables. So I get a ton of fiber. I eat a lot of fish. And I do eat, like, beans, so I'm not adverse to legumes or even to oats. I like fiber. Let's say, I wanted to, I'm, like, super-interested in beta-hydroxybutyrate because I've been following a lot of the research from Eric's lab and I want to get some of those benefits. I want to increase my FOXO3. I want to reduce my lipid peroxidation, I want some of that signaling effect. Plus, I want to beta-hydroxybutyrate to be around to get to the brain, things like that. Can I potentially take a beta-hydroxybutyrate, whatever delivery source powder, pill, whatever it is, and potentially achieve some of those same benefits that you get from nutritional ketosis or ketosis from fasting? Let's say, but I don't eat a lot of, I don't eat refined carbs, so I'm not getting a huge insulin spike for the most part. So do you know? [Dom]: So, yeah, you want to have your cake and eat it? But you don't eat cake, right? [Rhonda]: But I don't eat cake. No, I just eat fiber. [Dom]: You want to have your carbs. Yeah, that's that's really what we're working on right now and understanding in a head-to-head comparison to see if we can derive the same kind of benefits from ketone supplementation as we kind of with the ketogenic diet. We know the first kind of convincing studies of this that we did was with CNS oxygen toxicity in our rat model, and in that case, the rats were eating a high-carbohydrate standard rodent chow model, and we administered via an oral route a ketone supplement in the form of a ketone ester. That's probably one of the more powerful forms of exogenous ketones that we've developed. And that had the ability to prevent CNS oxygen toxicity from happening for almost, over 500% delay in that time to CNS oxygen toxicity. And that could not be achieved with fasting, it could not be achieved with anti-seizure drugs. So when it comes to enhancing and preserving brain energy metabolism in the face of a tremendous oxidative stress that breaks down brain energy metabolism, we're able to enhance that, preserve So we've also studied in our animal model of cancer, metastatic cancer simply giving ketones to the animals on a high-carbohydrate diet, it was almost unexpected the level of enhanced survival that we had with ketone supplementation. [Rhonda]: What kinds of tumor is it? [Dom]: This is a model of metastatic cancer and the primary tumor, it was derived from a glioblastoma, the GBM. And that tumor cell line is so aggressive that when it's injected or implanted into the flank of the animal, there's rapid systemic metastasis to all the organs and the brain. And the model that was developed by Professor Tom Seyfried at Boston College. [Rhonda]: Didn't he publish a paper on...? [Dom]: It made the cover of the "International Journal of Cancer." Yeah, when I wanted to this study initially, I wanted to do a brain tumor model, like with our diet and our stuff. He sort of wouldn't let me use the model. He's like, "Well, use this model of metastatic cancer because it's the most aggressive thing out there and no one will..." He's like, "If you create a cure, something that can cure this animal with metastatic cancer, you basically stumbled upon something that has the potential to cure cancer." So that, kind of, intrigued me. So I knew working with his model would be kind of difficult because the tumor burden...the animal has died so quick from the tumor burden, but it allowed us to screen a variety of things and just using this model understanding that in aggressive metastatic cancer, the cells are highly glycolytic, and they're highly in favor of using glucose and glutamine probably as an energy source. We're looking at ways to target glutamine, but have not really, kind of, implemented that yet in a combination therapy. But regardless, the animals are eating a high-carbohydrate diet with ketone supplementation and it reduced tumor growth and proliferation. We think that the ketones may be altering glucose metabolism. [Rhonda]: They induce cell death? [Dom]: Well, we think so. There's more, like, sort of, apoptosis in the tumors that were there, but just overall, there's just less tumor growth and less tumor burden and enhanced, most importantly, a 50% to 60% increase in survival time in animals that are supplemented with this. And it wasn't...although the animals tend to eat a little bit less if they're in ketosis, naturally, which makes a ketone supplement kind of an attractive thing for people that are dieting because when you're sending energy to the brain in the form of ketones, it has sort of a satiating effect on your body and it, kind of, shuts off that hypoglycemic trigger that makes you want to binge or crave food. [Rhonda]: So is it changing ghrelin and leptin signaling, or...? [Dom]: We think so. Yeah, we think so. That's the next thing to look at. It does impact the satiety centers of the It's not like you don't want to eat, but you have control over your appetite. [Rhonda]: You know what? I just thought of it. Lauric acid, which is C12, suppresses ghrelin in the gut, which is the hunger hormone... That's kind of interesting, right? [Dom]: Is that specific for lauric acid? [Rhonda]: It's specific. [Dom]: I knew with certain fats. Really, lauric acid? That's interesting. [Dom]: I'll look that up. [Rhonda]: Sorry to interrupt. [crosstalk 00:59:39] Let's continue because this is really cool. So you fed them a normal high-carbohydrate diet, gave them this ketone ester, as we were talking about. [Dom]: Ketone ester, the same ketone ester, which is. [Rhonda]: The tumor burden was decreased, survival time increased. [Dom]: Yep, yep. And so that was another demonstration, and the data looked very similar to the ketogenic So we did the study. [Rhonda]: They're eating less, you said, right? [Dom]: They were eating slightly less, so we went back. We were thinking, "Well, maybe we're just getting a calorie-restriction effect," because if you have a mouse model or any kind of cancer model and you overfeed it the tumors are going to grow faster, and if you underfeed it you're going to restrict some of the tumor growth. So they were eating a little bit less, but a maybe only 10% drop in body weight. So we went back and we did a calorie-restriction control experiment, and although there was a decrease in tumor, it was nothing like the ketone supplement. So ketones we know undoubtedly they have anti-cancer effects, and it could be maybe through their expression of their gene expression as a histone deacetylase inhibitor. We think that they inhibit glycolysis. We think that they influence a number of pathways associated with cancer growth. [Rhonda]: Did you measure mitochondrial respiration? [Dom]: Of the tumor and the tissue or...? [Rhonda]: Just, yeah, of, or any tissue, like, so let's say, did you give them ketones in this.... [Dom]: We looked at ROS production. Yeah, it can sort of knock down reactive oxygen species production. [Rhonda]: In the tumor? Or in... [Dom]: In normal tissue, yeah. And now it's kind of interesting, too, that in the tumor tissue in previous experiments, I showed that it could knock it down significantly, but I think in the paper that we published, there was a slight decrease in ROS production. [Rhonda]: Yeah, that's interesting. [Dom]: We don't know, we do...our experiments are sort of like a top-down approach. We find out what works and then, we're mechanistically going after it and we're doing -omics work metabolomic in particular, and western blots and assays. So now we're going after the mechanism, and if we understand the mechanism, we can, kind of, work backwards and tweak the molecule or adjust the diet in ways that may enhance the therapeutic effects. [Rhonda]: It would be really interesting to do some of... I don't know if you can radio label these ketone esters and see if, like... [Dom]: Yeah, that's another thing we'll look at. [Rhonda]:...are they being used as a carbon source for ATP? Are they being used for something else, right, like...? [Dom]: Tracer studies. That's what we want to do. Yeah, we're going to partner with a company that has, sort of, the market on doing these tracer fate associations. I think even doing a 13-Carbon glucose tracer fate association study where we give this, and we give ketones we look at the fate of glucose in the presence and absence of ketones and see how that may be influencing... [Rhonda]: There you go, is it going to the pentose phosphate? I mean, this is all stuff I really want to know, so I'm, like, super-excited someone is doing it... [Dom]: And I wanted to do this from the beginning, but I think we want to find out what works first and then now that we're identified, sort of, things that work with the diet and ketone supplementation, hyperbaric oxygen, I was telling you. We also study, we do a lot of metformin work. We have...I have one excellent Ph.D. student and Nate Ward, he's looking at the effects of metformin and on survival, tumor growth and doing a lot of the cell-based assays. And he's also looking at dichloroacetate, DCA. So it activates pyruvate dehydrogenase. So he's looking at each one, individual, and also in combination as a cancer therapy. [Rhonda]: Okay, I'll give you some of my ideas. And so I, just because I want someone to test this. But with DCA, so I did a lot of work, in my graduate research, I did a lot of cancer metabolism I was in contact with Craig Thompson, Ralph DeBerardinis ... all those people that we were talking about earlier, and they did a lot of glucose withdrawal studies, glutamine withdrawal studies, blah, blah, blah, blah, like all that stuff. So I've got a lot of interest in it stemming back from years and years ago. And I also was very active in apoptosis, working with some of the top guys in the field, Doug Green. So I, sort of, like, the way I think about all of this and the intersection between them is that, like cancer cells are... Here's why I think cancer cells are glycolytic. So I mean, the Warburg effect you've talked about this and you published on it. [Dom]: Is it a cause or a consequence? Yeah, damage respiration. That's sort of a... [Rhonda]: Right, so I don't think...and I think even Otto Warburg himself published immediately after his original science paper because he originally theorized damaged mitochondria were the cause it, but then it's not. It's not that the mitochondria are damaged enough that they're not respiring. Even to this day, I don't think we have really shown that or disproven that, like, thoroughly. I don't think it's a cause, but the reason I think that cancer cells become glycolytic, I don't know what causes it or how, I think the reason is they do is because they don't want to use their mitochondria. And the reason they don't want to use their mitochondria is because mitochondria produce ROS, and that will drive... This is the whole basis of how you kill a cancer cell, chemotherapeutic drugs, the way they work is because they induce a little bit of reactive oxygen species toxicity through a variety of mechanisms. [Dom]: Some more than others, but, yeah, [Rhonda]: Right, through a variety of mechanisms... [Dom]: Augment oxidative stress, yeah. [Rhonda]: ...which then pushes the cancer cell to death because normal cells don't have boatloads of proapoptotic... If you look at any cancer cell, they have, like, boatloads of it. I mean, just tons and tons of proapoptotics, but they have countered it and they are ready to die. They just need a little push, and DCA activates mitochondria, and I think that's part of how... [Dom]: Hyperbaric oxygen, too. [Rhonda]: Hyperbaric oxygen, and we were talking about this earlier. I think that's also... [Dom]: Naturally stimulate it, yeah. [Rhonda]: Yeah. But so I'd like to see someone, sort of, test that because I think that possibly DCA wouldn't be as potent at killing cancer cells if you gave it NAC or something that's going to sequester the reactive oxygen species. [Dom]: Yeah, so could you block it, yeah. That's another interesting, that would be a good control to do, yeah. [Rhonda]: And studies have shown that giving mice supplemental vitamin E, something that's going to potently sequester reactive oxygen species, actually allows tumors to grow faster. And this has been [inaudible 01:06:35] in research. [Dom]: Yeah, N-acetylcysteine, too, and NAC. [Rhonda]: NAC, as well, yeah. [Dom]: With metastatic melanoma, I think, came out, yeah. [Rhonda]: Yep, yep. And then also there's one in lung cancer. I think it was the same group publishing that, But so I think that part of the reason...because cancer cells are so smart that I think that not having their mitochondria active is very beneficial to them because. [Dom]: Or less mitochondria, too, as... [Rhonda]: Yeah, less mitochondria. [Dom]: So just a deficiency. And there's, yes, reports. So there's debate are the mitochondria defective or are there just a decreasing number of mitochondria? I think it's both. I think mitochondria are structurally and functionally impaired, and I think there's a deficiency of them. [Rhonda]: You mean in cancer cells or [crosstalk 01:07:21] normal? [Dom]: I think in cancer cells, but I think in just normal cells, if you if you're drinking alcohol and bombarding the liver with oxidative stress that you're damaging mitochondrial...you're damaging the mitochondria, and over time, you are going to... [Rhonda]: Of course. Normal metabolism. [Dom]: ...induce the Warburg effect by causing progressive damage, mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation the cell's ability to maintain energy status through mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation will be, its capacity will be impaired. So it will activate oncogenes and oncogenes that drive the glycolate. You'll have, some cells will die, the ones that survive are the ones that go on and activate the complementive genes that cause the transformation of a normal cell to a cancer cell. And that's how I, sort of, say that this progressive damage, you could do it with radiation, you could do it with chemotherapeutic agents, you could do it with inflammation, chronic inflammation is damaging respiration. And it's that damaged respiration that can kill off cells and the ones that survive, that are hardy enough to activate the genetic program that allow them to survive are kicking on the oncogenes that will then go on and produce a Warburg phenotype. So that's sort of the metabolic theory of cancer in a nutshell. And it differs from what the thought leaders in the field are saying that it's more of default state to ensure the preservation of the cancer that that exists, but not the cause, but there's still this elusive enabling factor that we still don't know and I think the metabolic theory nicely explains is a pretty elegant explanation as to how a normal cell converts to a cancer cell. And there are other genes involved, definitely, but, I mean, at the very most, the most we can link hereditary effect to cancer is maybe about 10% 7%, I think, was a number that is being thrown around now, but about 10% of cancers are from hereditary, but this, the epigenetics, I think, is something that will, yeah...and that's something that's evolving very fast. [Rhonda]: I mean, I think that DNA damage, and that's been pretty well-shown, damaging DNA, both mitochondrial and nuclear DNA, the damage that can lead to aberrant cells metab-, like, cells. [Dom]: And I think the mitochondria are more important because the mitochondria have less of a robust DNA repair mechanism. And also the DNA of the mitochondria have more coding regions. So if you bombard cells with radiation classically, radiation biologists are taught that that radiation is directly damaging nuclear DNA and then that kicks on, causes the genomic instability that causes cancers, but I think what is being more appreciated now is that the mitochondria are selectively vulnerable because their DNA repair mechanisms are far less robust. They have much greater coding regions within their DNA, and they are the ones kind of calling the shots, they're making the energy, and if the energy status of the cell goes down, that's going to trigger the nucleus, that's going to trigger an energetic crisis in the nucleus, and the nucleus is going to kick on oncogenes to transform the cell from a normal to a cancer cell. So the stability of a nuclear genome is tightly regulated to the energetic state of the cell. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so I have a little bit of a different way of thinking about it mostly because I'm also doing a lot of research on this experimentally. So I measure damaged DNA, and I measure mitochondrial function after I induce radiation in some sort of... [Dom]: In primary cells? [Rhonda]: In humans, in blood cells, yeah. But so, mitochondria, you mentioned that nuclear, they have more repair mechanisms, and that's true, but mitochondria have very elegant and beautiful way of repairing damage through fusion, right, mitochondrial fusion and fission. And this is a process, I mean, this is how we are able to repair damaged mitochondria because they're constantly fusing with healthy mitochondria changing, I mean, exchanging their DNA content, protein, things like that, and fissing back part. So, of course, when those mechanisms become impaired, then that's, we start to have more accumulation of damage more because they can't repair. [Dom]: Fission proteins, the production of the proteins that cause that are also tightly linked to oxidative stress. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so I mean there's lots of different ways to repair damaged mitochondria. I also did a lot of work in graduate school. But I don't think it's clear, I don't think that the metabolic theory of cancer... [Dom]: Far from clear. [Rhonda]: You know, when you drop the ATP status in the cell, what happens is the cell dies and apoptosis gets trigger, and that's the primary...before oncogenes are activated, the cell dies. [Dom]: Unless it's if it's more gradual, then you have the activation. And most cells die. So you have 999 cells die and then you have one that, kind of, activates the complement of genes that can, allows it to survive, gives it survival advantage. That's what you get with chemo, too, or radiation when you blast a tumor with radiation. You get, there's few that can survive. And if you do that over and over to the tumor or over the course of chemos, you're kind of making a super-cancer because you're increasingly selecting for the most aggressive, glycolytic hardy stem cell-like tumor cell by hitting it with more chemo, you're just causing more DNA damage and more transformation, mutagenicity. Do you see it like that? [Rhonda]: I don't know. [Dom]: I'm not against standard of care, but I'm in favor of. [Rhonda]: I wanted to believe, in graduate school, I wanted nothing more than to believe that mitochondrial dysfunction is the cause of cancer, but I just couldn't, just couldn't attribute to myself. You know, I kept trying and trying, it would have been easier for my graduate... My graduate career would have been shorter, for one, but I just couldn't enough evidence to convince myself of it. And that doesn't mean that it doesn't, it's not true, it just means, I just...so far don't...I don't think that's the origin of cancer. I think that metabolic dysfunction plays a very important role in causing cancer. Most primarily through inflammation through all the effects of, like the insulin signaling and the inflammation, the reactive oxygen All these things that are damaging the cell, but I don't necessarily see it the way that you, sort of, described it as them... [Dom]: An initiator. [Rhonda]: Yeah, them changing or activating oncogenes. I don't think that's really been shown. [Dom]: I don't think anyone's studying that because...or studying it in the way that would make it clear, and I think it may vary between cancers like leukemia and lymphoma and relative to glioblastoma. I mean, we know these are just, they have a different metabolic and a different gene signature. Glioblastoma has hundreds, if not thousands, of genetic mutations. You know, so hence the name glioblastoma multiforming, you have all these different cell types and everything. Whereas other types of, like, for leukemia, for example, Gleevec works marvelously well because it's targeting something that's very specific. So I think it will be impossible to get a clear answer to this and I don't think it's... I think maybe I'm a centrist. So I'm somewhere in between the genetic versus metabolic, but leaning more towards a metabolic origin for many solid tumors, but there's some cancer that just, kind of, throw me a curveball like different types of lymphoma and leukemia, testicular cancer. And they're all responsive to chemo, many of them are. [Rhonda]: So what about, like for me, when I think of mitochondrial dysfunction, to me, that leads more to neurological dysfunction, neurological disorders, less for cancer, less of cancer like when you...mitochondrial mutations, genetic mitochondrial mutations in mitochondria genes, there's much more it has much more of an effect on causing certain types of neurological disorders rather than, like, cancer, right? There's one, I think, the succinate dehydrogenase complex II, one of the components. I know this because I was trying to figure this out in graduate school, it was, like, a huge question. [Dom]: And the really bad diseases, yeah, these mitochondrial disease, yeah. [Rhonda]: So that's what I usually think of, when I think of mitochondrial dysfunction, I always think of it as being more of a, playing a causal or initiating role in neurological disorders and neurological dysfunction, and not so much as, plays a role. I think that mitochondrial dysfunction and abnormal metabolism plays a role in cancer, but I don't think it's that initiator the way you were describing it. I just don't think that's been shown. [Dom]: I'm going to prove you wrong. Well, our lab is we're not, we're just trying to find the answer. And I think that as we move forward and develop the tools, I think the answer will start to get a little bit more clear at least using the models that we're using. But I think regardless even of the origin...the origin is important because if we...the way we treat and prevent cancer is going to be different if we know the origin for sure. You know, if it is a mitochondrial versus genetic origin or whatever origin. And, I mean, there's a case for viral origins of cancer, too, but these viruses are, sort of, the ones that damaged mitochondria, too. I've been, sort of, interested in the viral origins of cancer. It will influence how we prevent cancer. So in addition to developing therapies, we want to study animal models, and maybe inducers of carcinogenesis and then adapt them, or to treat them prior to, or put them on a therapy prior to letting them live out their lives if they're prone to spontaneously forming tumors, or letting them live a few months prior to the introduction of a carcinogenic agent, and then seeing after X amount of time, whether the tumors form. So can we prevent this does have profound implications for people who have been, went through chemotherapy or had cancer in the past, and should they be on some, kind of, preventative, should they do a therapeutic fast? I get this question a lot for four or five days to a week every two or three times a year. Should they do that? Will it help them purge their body of pre-cancerous cells and put that metabolic stress? And these are important questions that no one is really trying to answer at least from a point of a prevention, sort of, idea. So I think that's sort of on my horizon as the next big thing. Can we develop and implement have these protocols available for someone to do? It could be intermittent fasting. I personally like ketogenic intermittent fasting, where you're taking in ketogenic fasting, ketone supplements throughout the day and through 20 hours of the day and you have a 4-hour window where you eat a well-balanced ketogenic meal that's rich in vegetables and high in fats and protein. And I think that could be something that could be implemented and something that I personally am interested in writing up a protocol for The work, the studies done with metformin and showing that people who, type 2 diabetics that are taking metformin have a 62% less chance of getting pancreatic cancer. We need to study that, you know? Should that be a part of a comprehensive preventative therapy that people should do? I mean, I question, should I have my parents on this? Like, should they, you know...? [Rhonda]: On metformin? [Dom]: Or yeah, on metformin, or my mom actually had cancer years ago. Should she be on something like this? Should everybody be after the age of 50 if most of their family members have died of cancer? [Rhonda]: Have there been any long-term studies on the effects of metformin? Because I'm very interested in it, but I'm always hesitant with any drug or anything that's perturbing biological systems. [Dom]: Yeah, well, there's hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of people on metformin so I'd say, yeah, there's a long-term data out there whether...and a lot of retrospective studies have been done. It's a relatively safe drug. Lactic acidosis could be a problem in higher doses for some people maybe with renal insufficiency or impaired liver function. And then, another thing that creeps up could be vitamin B12 deficiency. So if you are...our ability to absorb vitamin B12 as we age is decreased, so maybe a sublingual form or even B12 injections in people that are older? [Rhonda]: Why does metformin affect B12? [Dom]: That's a question I don't know an answer to, but I can speculate that it may influence the transporter, and it also tends to make stools loose for some people. Things go through you a little bit faster and impairs... "Impair" is not a good word. It changes the gut microbiome favorably. So "Nature"....the paper there's that came out about two weeks ago showing that there's a favorable shift in the gut microbiome... [Rhonda]: Now the reason why it's interesting. [Dom]: ...with metformin, and that may explain it's type 2 diabetic it's glucose-lowering effects. That sort of hit me as, "Wow, I had not really given that a whole lot of thought, but it's something that I think we should be looking into." So I was like, "Yeah, we need to collect all the start collecting the feces from these animals that we're doing metformin on to figure out what's going on with the gut microbiome," but I think it's influencing the absorption of B12 in some way that I don't really know. [Rhonda]: Does metformin...is it doing anything in addition to mimicking a lot of the same signaling pathways that caloric restriction does? Like, is there something additional that...you know? [Dom]: Yeah, yeah, AMP kinase, for sure. So without a doubt, I mean, it's mimicking many of the pathways of associated with calorie restriction and with fasting. To what degree it's mimicking that relative to a length or duration of fasting? I don't know. We're doing some work right now looking at AMP kinase and mTOR, and downstream and upstream signaling insulin and these things, and trying to get a picture of this, at least in a rodent And then, I'd like to ultimately replicate some of this stuff in humans, but what I think, I think metformin would be best used maybe in pulsing it a few times a year. A lot of these things, metabolic interventions tend to work best when you cycle them, I think. And I really have not been doing that, but I think it's a theory that I have been working I need my scrapbook. [Rhonda]: Why do you think that is? [Dom]: Because your body is similar with ketoadaptation that your body can, kind of, reset to that level, initially fasting on the ketogenic diet is sort of a stress and it can induce a hormetic effect in gene transcription and then we, sort of, get used to that. You know, our gluconeogenesis is upregulated to that level, but I think it's good to maybe pick probably not a high-carb diet, but maybe a Paleo diet a low-carb ketogenic diet and maybe something in between and do some intermittent fasting on occasional days. So I think this promotes metabolic flexibility. It allows our body to adapt to different situations without being, kind of, overwhelmed by the stressor of it. So I think, to some extent, it is hormesis. And interestingly, metformin causes mitochondrial stress, and actually, mitochondrial damage. Some researchers coined the term that it's stimulating reactive oxygen species production and causing mitochondria dysfunction, metformin is, and this is kind of well known in the So the general feeling is that, "Well, if I take metformin and I go exercise, why is it not killing my exercise capacity or my VO2 max or making me lethargic or tired?" It's not doing that, actually I think it's enhancing. There was a [crosstalk 01:25:34] study. [Rhonda]: Does it affect biogenesis? [Dom]: It does. So yeah, so the thought that it's kind of stimulating, there's a hormetic effect. It's damaging the mitochondria, some people believe this, and you get a secondary, yeah, effect through that way, like it's, kind of like an exercise drug. But I approached it from the perspective that metformin could lower blood glucose at least if it was high and it activated AMP kinase, and it may decrease circulating insulin. So I approached it as a cancer drug from that perspective, but the more conferences we go to, there's a plethora of data coming out of metformin and a lot of people are studying it from the perspective of impaired complex I or complex II activity in the mitochondria. So they're looking at it from that perspective. [Dom]: I know. [Rhonda]: Yeah, it's super interesting. Especially, you're giving its effects on longevity and cancer. [Dom]: Yeah, yeah, and I think our most recent data did show an increase in ROS production in our cell line. [Rhonda]: I wonder if that's how it's also killing the cancer cells. [Dom]: Yeah, it could be. [Rhonda]: You mentioned when you were talking about gluconeogenesis, you triggered something I wanted to ask you, I forgot. So when you're in nutritional ketosis or fasting-induced ketosis, you need to make glucose you still need glucose, your red blood cells have no mitochondria and your red blood cells are important, right? So you're making glucose through this process that you mentioned called gluconeogenesis. [Dom]: Glucose does not bottom out. It's not like one or the other. You're pulling fuel source from... [Rhonda]: So I wanted to ask you about, like, how... Has anyone looked at where...so if you are on a pretty strict ketogenic diet or whatever it is you're doing to get into ketosis, what...so does the liver use, like, glycerol, lactate, like, both as a primary source to make glucose? Is that glucose predominantly going to red blood cells or does it go has that been looked at to see, like, where, you know...? So red blood cells, like, are they getting enough of their glucose or they, you know? [Dom]: I think so. I mean, you'd probably have to severely calorie restrict. In those cases, you could become anemic or impair...your immune system is also, too, highly dependent to some extent on glucose and glutamate. So, yeah, you have lactate, you have the glycerol backbone, the fats... [Rhonda]: But they always have mitochondria. [Dom]: Yes, yes. So glycerol backbone of fatty acids or of triglycerides, for sure, lactate, yes, and amino acids, gluconeogenic amino acids in your diet also are a source of glucose. So gluconeogenic amino acids in your skeletal muscle your muscles constantly breaking down or remodeling especially in athletes. So they're all sources. The contribution of each of these gluconeogenic sources in each individual probably varies tremendously, but I would say that... So glucose is always going to be there, and the body ensures through very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that your glucose is going to stay, rarely go below three, maybe 2.5 millimolar, mine will drop two, go to four and stay within a very tight range, but what does change considerably from a glucose regulation standpoint is the insulin. Insulin bottoms out to the point where I've seen enough blood work to show that in many cases, insulin and IGF-1 is below the reference range. So insulin signaling goes down. So if insulin's down, all those insulin pathways that you see on your flowcharts are all going to be suppressed and IGF-1, obviously, it's going to be lower and I think that's a really important consideration to factor in as it relates to cancer therapeutics, cancer biology, cancer prevention, even. But also from the perspective of muscle metabolism. And I think by keeping insulin signaling sort of low, you upregulate factors that make you more responsive to insulin. So I think, and ketones can kind of compensate for a deficiency in insulin, and that was, a lot of the reviews by Richard Veech talked about that. And the ketones themselves are anti-catabolic for protein sparing. So if you're in a state of ketosis, you're protecting gluconeogenic amino acids and skeletal muscle from being degraded. So you are as a metabolic fuel, but you're also, there's evidence that you're inhibiting proteolytic enzymes and pathways that would otherwise be chewing up your muscle tissue over time. [Rhonda]: That's super-cool. [Dom]: So it's anti-catabolic, yeah, so ketones are anti-catabolic in that part. [Rhonda]: So then you're probably not using, I mean, the gluconeogenic amino acids as much... [Dom]: From skeletal muscle, yeah, not as So the idea is that you want to keep pumping in the fat, too, if you're on a ketogenic If it's not sufficient with ample amounts of fat, you're probably much more catabolic. So you want to ensure that you're using the fatty acids, go to the mitochondria that uses fuel, they keep the mitochondria happy as do the ketones. Then the glycerol is kind of,shuttled and it's a very nice kind of an elegant pathway to ensure that we have that flux of glucose for vital functions like the red blood cells and making...there's an number of neurotransmitters and hormones that require a baseline level of insulin or glucose to be used. [Rhonda]: Yeah, and we talked about... [Dom]: A lot of things, yeah. [Rhonda]: Yeah, it's just so many things to discuss, but I'm really, like, thankful that you... [Dom]: We can probably talk for, like, four or five days non-stop before we like collapse from... [Rhonda]: You see how I get, I get, like, really excited and I'm like, "Okay, wait, I got to ask you this question. I have this idea." And then you're just, like, full of information. So it's kind of neat. [Dom]: A fun field to be in, right? [Rhonda]: Totally, I guess. [Dom]: I mean, I'm always, I feel like I'm so lucky to be in an area of...be in an occupation where discovery, we have the potential to discover something new that can impact the population and get paid for it. [Rhonda]: Okay, that part, I get. Because you totally, I'm sorry to change the subject, but you're talking about glutaminolysis and I have done a lot of research on this, and there are questions that I would love to be answered, but haven't been. So, since you're looking at this and you have resources, I'll just throw it out there. Obviously, you said this is well-known literature that glucose and glutamine are both source...cancer cells love them. It's like crack for cancer cells, both glucose and glutamine, and I've done a lot of studies on various types of cancer cells and these are in vitro. So this is not in an animal model where I can, I withdraw glucose and the cancer cells will proliferate slower, some will die, but if there's glutamine there... [Dom]: What's your level of glutamine? [Rhonda]: Two millimolar. [Dom]: Two millimolar, yeah. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so then I would start withdrawing the glutamine and glutamine withdrawal, this is all in vitro, though. Glutamine withdrawal would kill them within 24 hours, but. [Dom]: Pretty lethal, yeah. [Rhonda]: Very lethal, and has been shown at least some of the studies that were initially done by Ralph DeBarardinis when he was with Craig Thompson, and later when he established his own lab where he radiolabeled and showed that, actually, it was being used predominantly for macromolecular synthesis and not for which is...of course, that makes sense because a lot of tumor cells aren't using the mitochondria. [Dom]: Making fatty acids, actually. [Rhonda]: Making fatty acids, proteins, like, for new synthesis. [Dom]: Like, cell membranes and stuff. [Rhonda]: Right, so the question for you...the question that I have and this is... So that's one of the spectrum. Okay, glutamine seems bad when you're looking from an in vitro perspective and I did these studies, but many people have published on You're familiar with the literature. But then there's the other perspective where really glutamine really is believed, like, to gut, to cells, it's very, very healing and therapeutic for gut, and when you take glutamine orally, the gut takes it, it's not getting into your bloodstream, It's not being so... [Dom]: The gut and the liver take its share and very little of it actually gets into the bloodstream. [Rhonda]: Right, so that's what I'm getting The question is, if you have a mouse model of a solid tumor that's not gut-oriented, so it's not colon cancer, like let's say it's you got a pancreatic cancer or... [Dom]: Brain tumor. [Rhonda]: ...brain tumor, then you give the mouse glutamine, is that really is it really going to affect the tumor or is it just going to help the gut? I mean, of course, it can indirectly affect it, but the question for me, in my mind, is, well, yeah, if you had tumor in the gut, man, that's like crack for the tumor. Do not take glutamine, do not, you know... But on the other hand, if you've got gut issues, you know... [Dom]: It can be helpful. [Rhonda]: Right, do you see what I'm getting at? [Dom]: This is something that I have thought about. [Rhonda]: You have? [Dom]: Yeah, I think about stuff like this, yeah. [Rhonda]: I'm not alone, yeah, well, in vitro is very different because the way our bodies are working and the way glutamine when we take glutamine, it's affecting our gut, it's very important. I mean, it helped. It's helped me. [Dom]: I used to take it. [Rhonda]: It's helped me with gut, but then there's this whole, like, conflict in my head around...cancer cells love it, but the question is if I'm taking it orally, and I have some cancer cells, in my, I don't know, my liver or something, then I guess you said liver is one that does. it does use it, but, so the question is, is that harming me or is it helping me? [Dom]: Should you take it or not? Yeah, I get that question a lot. For GI cancers and liver cancer, I would say do not supplement glutamine, and I would say under most conditions...I always say in those states, I actually tried to look up the glutamine content of food, and you might want to avoid it or minimize glutamine, high glutamine-containing foods. Otherwise, I wouldn't really pay too much attention. Some patients really stress out about it but I think if you just keep your protein low to moderate, or keep your protein at a level to ensure proper regeneration and just, kind of, replenishment of your normal cells, and prevent protein deficiency, and being in a state of ketosis will help with that to some extent, but glutamine is pretty low on... [Rhonda]: The classical ketosis, right, where it's 10% protein? [Dom]: Yeah, yeah, and I think that will lower your blood glutamine levels, just being on a ketogenic diet will do that. And then, you could further lower it by selecting protein food sources that are lower on the end of, are glutamine. I'm not for avoiding protein types of supplements, avoiding glutamine supplementation all together. And you may be able to further suppress glutamine by taking a supplement that's like high branched-chain amino acids, high essential amino acids. So taking a supplement that is formulated in a way that, kind of, gives you essential amino acids, excluding glutamate, of course. Glutamine is not an essential amino acid. It's conditionally essential. But then you...I don't think you'll run the risk of being deficient in glutamine in any way, but I would avoid, I would pay attention to it if you have a GI cancer or liver cancer, and then if... [Rhonda]: The liver, I didn't know, but yeah, GI was... [Dom]: So if you have, say, for example, like, a brain tumor and you're taking a drug that can impair systemically, you're taking something that impairs your GI function, and it may be helpful to take a little bit of glutamine because I don't...I really don't think...the gut's going to be very greedy when it comes to glutamine. [Rhonda]: It's very greedy. [Dom]: So I think just maybe even 5, 10 grams of glutamine to help repair your gut. We know that if your gut permeability is impaired, that can wreak havoc in your body as far as systemic inflammation. So try to...and there's other ways to repair your gut, too, but I think glutamine may be a factor in helping to ensure proper gut. [Rhonda]: Yeah, there's definitely other ways. I mean, I think that you know, like I was saying, fiber, good diet, and things like [Dom]: Exactly. But glutamine has been used in oncology. So, yeah, glutamine is for helping people with chemo combating the issues with chemo. And then glutamine has almost been like a staple, you know... [Rhonda]: So they give it to chemo patients, kind of... [Dom]: Help them recover part of the immune system, too. [Rhonda]: Because your gut regulates the Immune systems well. [Dom]: Your gut is, like, what, 70%, 80% of your immune system, right? So it's huge. So we want to keep your gut as healthy as possible. And there are many drugs out there that really impair gut mobil-, or... [Rhonda]: And diets, too. [Dom]: Yeah, and diets, too. [Rhonda]: Yeah, so, cool. All right, Dom. [Dom]: Endless amount of things we can talk about, right? [Rhonda]: I know, right. Just keep going, Dom. [Dom]: Yeah, I've had, like, 100 things pop into my head. I was like, "Should I bring that idea or should I not? No, no, no." [Rhonda]: Bring it up, I'm always interested in new things, so... [Dom]: We do have ketone esters here and not too many people are brave enough to try them, but we have a lot of studies going on using a wide range. See, they're all different types of ketone supplementation, and I know that's, kind of, was like one of your main interests that you wanted to hit on. [Rhonda]: Yeah, yes. [Dom]: And I would say stay tuned because we have so much going on right now with, like, all these studies looking at ketone supplementation and the answer that I want to really focus on is what, kind of, benefits are we deriving? There's been so much work on the diet what kind of, benefits can we mimic with just purely a ketone supplementation? And can we further augment the therapeutic efficacy of the ketogenic diet with supplementation? So with diet and then we supplement 10%, maybe 20% of the calories with some form of ketone Hopefully. we work to formulate it in a way that makes it pleasurable to taste and not taste like gasoline, if we can do that. [Rhonda]: Does it taste really like gasoline? [Dom]: Yes, yeah, like jet fuel, really. It's pretty bad, but the ketone esters do, but we're working on the ketone salts that you might know of, KetoCaNa, ketone, there's a couple ketone products out there. [Rhonda]: Are there benefits or drawbacks taking one or the other? [Dom]: The salts are like as far as ketogenic potential, are pretty similar to MCT. So they're another level up from MCTs, I would say right now, but they're being formulated. We're formulating them and testing them in ways to make them closer in potency to the ketone esters. And I think... [Rhonda]: Are these available, like, to consumers? [Dom]: Not for human use yet, but we're working on doing all the safety studies and then all the palatability work and formulating them in a way that probably within the next six months to a year, that they will be out. [Rhonda]: Oh, so soon? [Dom]: We're tracking them for therapeutic purposes. So for clinical trials, for specific diseases, and then, they kind of work backwards to the consumer broad market eventually. But, and for oxygen toxicity, obviously. That was the original application for oxygen... [Rhonda]: Yeah, I'm also really interested in it just for movement disorders. My mother has orthostatic tremor, and she's not the kind of person that is very compliant. I mean, she may try something for, like, a couple of days, maybe a week. [Dom]: That's typical. [Rhonda]: Very typical, and drives me crazy because I feel like I have so much knowledge, I could help her, and it's just very hard to get her to do, to get any movement, but I would...I'm very interested in the potential use of ketone esters or whatever delivery method that's the best in potentially helping reduce her tremor because when she stands still, her legs shake and it's very, it's inhibiting to her life, I mean having to... When she's walking, I mean, she's fine, but if she stands, stands in line... [Dom]: From sitting to standing, and just... [Rhonda]: No, even walking to standing, just standing. So standing still, it's called orthostatic tremor, and it's common enough... [Dom]: Yeah, yeah, I've heard about it. [Rhonda]: ...that, but it's not like, it's not as common as essential tremor, but she also has essential tremor, as well, [crosstalk 01:43:13] kind of interesting. Yeah, so I'm extremely interested in the potential benefits of nutritional ketosis, yes, but, like I said, she's not very compliant. So I'm, sort of, like, okay possibly giving her some sort of ketone ester see how that would affect...because then again, if she... [Dom]: You might want to start with MCTs. I mean, something, what I showed you today, the MCT Powder by Quest Nutrition is really pretty close it's very potent from a ketogenic perspective and if you were to take four to six to up to eight scoops a day, which would be tolerable in a course of a day, she would be in a mild state of ketosis and would be getting the benefits from it. [Rhonda]: Really? Do you think that would be easier than, like, the MCT oils? [Dom]: From perspective of GI tolerance, yeah. Many people I would say up to 40% or 50% of people are going to have some tolerability issues with liquid MCTs. At least a big dose that gets you up into sustainable ketosis. You can incorporate MCTs in your food, even salad dressing is cooked with it, mix it in with different things, but the MCT powder I found was, is you can get levels about twice as higher than you can with the oil just simply because your GI tolerance is much better in a powder form. So it's formulated in a way that, kind of, allows us to sustain the slower release of the MCT instead of a liquid which tends to...some people just can't tolerate the liquid at all. I can tolerate fairly high amounts relatively speaking, but I could tolerate much higher amounts with an MCT powder. [Rhonda]: You can put it, like, and you can mix it with water, coffee, tea or whatever. [Dom]: Yeah, I could put it in coffee. [Rhonda]: Yeah, [inaudible 01:45:05].. [Dom]: Yeah, and you liked it, right? [Dom]: I mean, it's like great. [Rhonda]: It's like creamer, but, you know. [Dom]: So they really nailed that product. [Rhonda]: The coffee makes her tremors worse so she doesn't drink caffeine. [Dom]: No stimulants, yeah. What about decaf coffee or something like that? [Rhonda]: Um, I think she... [Dom]: It's a good vehicle for MCTs. I mean, you could put, like, butter and MCT. I know you don't like sweeteners, but I just put in a little pinch of stevia in there. [Rhonda]: Stevia is okay. [Dom]: And it makes it a really enjoyable drink for me. [Rhonda]: Yeah, that's great that it's available because I'm, kind of...that would be something that we probably try, seeing if that has any effect on her tremors. [Dom]: As you know, diet is key, though. [Rhonda]: Diet is key, yeah, because if you're, like, eating a bunch of refined crap and processed foods, and just terrible diet, it's not much that ketones are going to do. Right? [Dom]: Yeah, and what I find in people that are resistant is that if you can introduce foods that replace other foods which is good, and I think Quest Nutrition, too, is making a line of... they're not out yet, but I've tried everything from a ketogenic Oreo to a ketogenic brownie to ketogenic chocolate bars. So these are foods that when you eat them, you're in ketosis, and they taste as good or good as their high-sugar counterparts that are on the market. So I see that as almost like the next frontier, like, designing, developing ketogenic food products from whole food ingredients that are from natural sources and not synthetic sweeteners or artificial flavors and things like that, that will allow you to...will ensure greater compliance of nutritional ketosis. Mainly at first, maybe targeting disease populations, but undoubtedly people from all walks of life will be wanting to use these foods especially if they taste good. And I can tell you from kind of a beta tester point of view that it is possible to create a line of food products from crackers to chips to, you name it, really. It's possible to...it's pretty easy to make something taste good when you're working with fat because fat has...fat and salt kind of make things, are really good on our palate. And they're very satiating. So we'll eat it a little bit, and it's just enough to sustain us and give us the energy that we need without overeating. [Dom]: So I'm excited about the ketone supplements, obviously, but I'm excited about a line of ketogenic diet food products that can ensure compliance in people who really need it. Because I say that's where...there are people who know the diet would help them from a therapeutic standpoint, but they just lose interest after trying to follow through with the diet. [Rhonda]: Yeah, and it would help eliminate a lot of suffering especially for some of these people with these, like you said, drug-resistant [Dom]: Yeah, for sure. [Rhonda]: That, so, yeah. Well, super-cool, Dom. Thanks for speaking with me and for doing all this really cool research. I'm going to keep following your researching. [Dom]: Thanks for visiting. [Rhonda]: If you want to learn more about your research, what you do, things you talk about anything related to your research, where can we hear more about you? [Dom]: I would say I'm working on a more interactive, but broader site, but for right now, ketonutrition.org, I think, would be the site to go where I compile a bunch of links on there with dietitians, ketogenic-savvy, registered dietitians that I recommend, books, talks from IHMC, which I'm excited to listen to your IHMC talk this week because that's on there. So I would say that ketonutrition.org would be the site... [Rhonda]: Ketonutrition.org. And what about social media, do you have any? [Dom]: Yeah, Facebook. You can find me on Facebook, on Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, maybe I go there sometimes. But Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn are sites where I will post information about our research or related research in the area of nutritional ketosis and metabolism. [Rhonda]: Awesome. Thanks a lot, Dom. [Dom]: Thank you. Thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FoundMyFitness [21 likes]: Get the show notes and transcript!
https://www.foundmyfitness.com/episodes/dominic-dagostino
  2. @fit-juvenate1461 [1 likes]: Wish she'd let him talk!
  3. @java6727: Can anyone child-splain this conversation to me? All the big words and jumping back and forwards, even side to side and up and down; I've lost the forest, i just see trees...
  4. @dlasis: Dude has BDE.
  5. @sandymitchell6312: He is so knowledgeable.
  6. @anonymoususer7606: I’m person convinced that eating high fat keto is good for my health. But curious on whether endo toxin worries have been answered?
  7. @JohnHP-h3p: Could you share your daily foods?
  8. @seo.schweiz: The Atkins diet is a low-carbohydrate eating plan created by Dr. Robert C. Atkins in the 1960s. It is a popular diet that focuses on restricting carbohydrate intake while emphasizing high protein and fat consumption. The goal of the Atkins diet is to shift the body's metabolism from burning carbohydrates for energy to burning stored fat.
  9. @Rover08: 3:17 sustain between 1 - 3 millimolar of blood ketones.
  10. @chrisrobertdaniel7229: 🖤Am Always grateful for the kind of help I received from dr Ogbebor herbal centre here on YouTube towards curing my HSV 2 with the aid of the herbal treatment which he sent to me.
  11. @jeffrey4577: 👍‼️
  12. @cammieklund: I cannot fat adapt no matter what....I've tried extensively, for longer periods of time and it just doesn't happen and what happens is that my body is totally run down instead after running in stresshormones and almost no sleep bcs I can't use fat as fuel. And/or having issues with making and storing my own glucose.
  13. @amplifiedhealthnow7100: Great conversation❤
  14. @witcheater: Her eye contact at times totally indicates her feeling about being willing never to have met him.
  15. @witcheater: Dominic D'Agostino I feel not to trust.
  16. @witcheater: Observations for watching anew: Dominic D'Agostino was being a total jerk in negative sexually ways. She recognized his stupidity and did what she needed to so as to close off his suggestions. I applaud her, but he deserves never to be interviewed in person again. He is an ass to females. Not in anyway to promote him no matter how "intelligent" he may be.
  17. @witcheater: My God!  She is sexually hot!
  18. @jeffreyadams648: My question is how she can expect ANYONE including scientists to pay attention for an hour plus.
  19. @sheilasanderson9681: “Sift through a load of crap”. Exactly how I feel on some YouTube keto channels.
  20. @Texpantego: My IQ is straining to just have even the slightest clue what as to what they are talking about.

- Dr. Dominic D'Agostino on Developing a Well-Designed Ketogenic Diet and Harnessing Its Benefits: Kind: captions Language: en [Dr. D'Agostino]: But I think where ketones&nbsp; shine is using exogenous ketones as a means to&nbsp;&nbsp; preserve performance resilience in extreme&nbsp; environments. There are so many different&nbsp;&nbsp; factors that need to come into play. When&nbsp; you're choosing to do a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; including monitoring people really need&nbsp; to track nutrients, track calories. Some people put, you know, they eat a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, but they put the same amount of food on the&nbsp;&nbsp; plate. And the caloric density of the ketogenic&nbsp; diet is like 50% higher. So you can't eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; So typically, you know, we have auto feedback&nbsp; mechanisms that will tell us when we're satiated&nbsp;&nbsp; full, but for some people they don't work well. So they do need to count calories&nbsp; and macronutrients and track&nbsp;&nbsp; at least initially. So they have some&nbsp; idea of how many calories we're eating. [Dr. Patrick]: Hey, everyone. I'm&nbsp; sitting here with Dr. Dom D'Agostino,&nbsp;&nbsp; who is an associate professor at&nbsp; the University of South Florida.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's also a research scientist at the&nbsp; Institute for Human and Machine Cognition.&nbsp;&nbsp; His research lab focuses on metabolic&nbsp; therapies, including ketogenic diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements among others. I'm super excited&nbsp; to have you back on the podcast, Dom. It's been&nbsp;&nbsp; six and a half years or so, it's been quite&nbsp; some time since we had a conversation. And&nbsp;&nbsp; since then, keto, as it's called, for sure, in&nbsp; the popular world, has really...it's exploded&nbsp;&nbsp; in popularity. I feel like with that explosion&nbsp; in popularity, it's lost a little bit of...it's&nbsp;&nbsp; become a little bit more of a brand in the popular&nbsp; mind and less of a distinct metabolic state. And so I'm excited to have you here&nbsp; to talk about the science...to give&nbsp;&nbsp; us a refresher about the science of&nbsp; ketogenesis, ketosis, ketogenic diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements, and all those things. And&nbsp; as someone that has been researching it over&nbsp;&nbsp; the years who's been practicing ketogenic&nbsp; diets personally for also many years,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe we can kind of just start with&nbsp; a refresher, what ketogenesis is. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think that gets lost&nbsp; in, you know, all the noise because it has been&nbsp;&nbsp; commoditized, so to speak, and commercialized&nbsp; in ways that are not always very good. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet is unique from a dietary therapy&nbsp; point of view in that it's the only diet that we&nbsp;&nbsp; know of that is defined by an objective biomarker.&nbsp; So, that's ketones, and you measure that in your&nbsp;&nbsp; blood, in your urine, and also in your breath,&nbsp; right? So there's different ways to do that. If you are not in a state of hyperketonemia,&nbsp; elevated ketones, you're technically not on a&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet. And what most people don't&nbsp; really appreciate is that to really get&nbsp;&nbsp; higher levels of ketones that are therapeutically&nbsp; linked to what it's used to treat, which is like&nbsp;&nbsp; neurological disorder, seizures, and&nbsp; things like that, you really have to&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the fat...drop the carbohydrates&nbsp; especially but moderate the protein and&nbsp;&nbsp; really consume a really high-fat diet. And that's&nbsp; not always sort of appreciated in the mainstream. And a clinical diet is probably not&nbsp; the best choice for a lot of people,&nbsp;&nbsp; a clinical ketogenic diet. But there are&nbsp; variations of the diet from a four to one, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is a classical ketogenic diet, which is 90% fat&nbsp; and one part protein and carbohydrates. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the way on the other end of the spectrum,&nbsp; there's the modified ketogenic diet or modified&nbsp;&nbsp; Atkins, or low glycemic index therapy or LGIT.&nbsp; And that's more of a one-to-one ketogenic diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's personally kind of what I follow, and&nbsp; I think you can construct the diet in a way&nbsp;&nbsp; that produces a mild state of ketosis. I&nbsp; think that could be a good lifestyle diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's far different than the classical&nbsp; ketogenic diet, which was used for pediatric&nbsp;&nbsp; epilepsy. But they both have, you know,&nbsp; therapeutic effects that we can delve into. [Dr. Patrick]: Can you give us an&nbsp; example of that type of diet and also&nbsp;&nbsp; what is defined as being in either mild ketosis&nbsp; to actually, you know, basically identify you as&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of ketosis from a ketogenic&nbsp; diet or even from other...we can talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; other ways. Obviously, we've had a lot of&nbsp; people in the podcast talking about fasting. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, a ketogenic diet&nbsp; produces ketosis by suppressing insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? And I think of it as almost like insulin&nbsp; suppression therapy. So, when you fast, you&nbsp;&nbsp; suppress the hormone insulin, you deplete liver&nbsp; glycogen, and then that accelerates beta-oxidation&nbsp;&nbsp; of fatty acids. And it's the oxidation of&nbsp; fatty acids in the liver or the over-oxidation&nbsp;&nbsp; of fatty acids that accelerates production&nbsp; of acetyl-CoA, and then that condenses to&nbsp;&nbsp; acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyrate. So that's&nbsp; accelerated at a maximal state with fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can mimic that state of fasting with a&nbsp; classical ketogenic diet, which is like 90% to 80%&nbsp;&nbsp; fat with a level of carbohydrate&nbsp; that almost has no effect on insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; really. So in many ways, it mimics fasting&nbsp; in that you have a low insulin, low IGF-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit...suppression of the&nbsp; mTOR because protein is moderated too. And then that diet is used classically for&nbsp; epilepsy. That's the four to one ketogenic diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; In extreme cases, they use a five to one ketogenic&nbsp; diet. And then if you move down the spectrum, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 to 1, 2 to 1, and then modified Atkins, which is&nbsp; like a 1.5 to 1 ketogenic diet to a low glycemic&nbsp;&nbsp; index diet. So what that would mean as far as to&nbsp; give an example for me. So yesterday I counted my&nbsp;&nbsp; macros and I had 200 grams of protein, 150 grams&nbsp; of fat, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So, 200&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein compared to a combination of 150&nbsp; grams of fat and 50 grams or 150 grams of protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; sorry, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So that&nbsp; would be a one-to-one. So I have 200 grams of fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; 150 grams of protein, and 50 grams of carbs,&nbsp; right? So it's 200 grams and 200 grams.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, that's how it's constructed in the&nbsp; world of epilepsy or dietary therapies by grams,&nbsp;&nbsp; not percentages. So, that's a one-to-one ketogenic&nbsp; diet, and that sounds extremely high in fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; right, 200 grams of fat and 150 grams of&nbsp; protein. But that's actually the very liberal,&nbsp;&nbsp; more loose version of the ketogenic&nbsp; diet that produces a very mild state of&nbsp;&nbsp; elevated ketones. Whereas a 4 to 1 ketogenic diet&nbsp; would be like 400 grams of fat to like, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; 90 grams of protein and 10 grams of carbohydrates,&nbsp; right? So that would be very high in fat. Interestingly, the research over the years have&nbsp; shown that they both have anti-seizure effects,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're getting a better appreciation for&nbsp; a more liberal version of the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that is not so protein-restricted and not&nbsp; so extremely carbohydrate-restricted than&nbsp;&nbsp; something like a low glycemic index diet,&nbsp; which can produce little or no ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can still have an anti-seizure effect and still&nbsp; have benefits, even independent of high ketones.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's kind of interesting to me because&nbsp; it was always thought of that you needed to&nbsp;&nbsp; get really high ketones to achieve a therapeutic&nbsp; effect, but it looks like you could probably get&nbsp;&nbsp; many benefits from low ketones. But you're also&nbsp; suppressing insulin and suppressing a lot of other&nbsp;&nbsp; pathways that are, you know, therapeutic in&nbsp; some way, they're altering, I should say,&nbsp;&nbsp; different pathways. I don't know if I&nbsp; answered your question. I'm just trying to... There's variations of the ketogenic diet,&nbsp; and I think that over the last 10 years...I&nbsp;&nbsp; guess it's longer than that. I think in 2008, Dr.&nbsp; Eric Kossoff from Johns Hopkins, he worked with&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. John Freeman, the late John Freeman, and&nbsp; developed a modified Atkins diet or modified&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet for adult epilepsy. And then it was&nbsp; published that the diet can work for adults too&nbsp;&nbsp; back in 2007 or '08, I think around that time.&nbsp; So, we have many variations of the ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet even used clinically. And then when people&nbsp; talk about the ketogenic diet in the mainstream,&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be anything. I mean, typically, it&nbsp; means carbohydrate, you know, restriction, and it&nbsp;&nbsp; could be a carnivore diet. And we can talk about&nbsp; that. And there are many different variations. But clinically, what you have is a five to one,&nbsp; which is very extreme high fat, four to one,&nbsp;&nbsp; three to one, two to one, and then a modified&nbsp; ketogenic diet or low glycemic index diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all of them are therapeutic in one&nbsp; way or another, and they're used for a&nbsp;&nbsp; variety of different neurological disorders,&nbsp; seizure disorders, metabolic disorders. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; are more efficacious for others, it depends&nbsp; on the individual, it depends on compliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the family, there's a lot to be considered&nbsp; when it comes to implementing these approaches. [Dr. Patrick]: For a person who has not done&nbsp; the ketogenic diet before, what would be a&nbsp;&nbsp; good starting point? Like, you know, would you&nbsp; want to start with something that's one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; more like four or five to one? You know, because,&nbsp; from my own personal experience, and, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to be doing another ketogenic diet&nbsp; very soon, I just haven't gotten my biomarkers&nbsp;&nbsp; measured, it was very challenging for me, even&nbsp; someone that does a lot of intermittent fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; to get into ketosis and to really stay in it. And&nbsp; also what levels if someone's measuring. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; can talk about, you know, biomarkers and&nbsp; measuring things but like, you know, what would&nbsp;&nbsp; be considered a mild state of ketosis if you're&nbsp; wanting to go by ketone levels, for example. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So, very good question.&nbsp; It's very context-dependent. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are using the ketogenic diet to manage&nbsp; a metabolic or a metabolically linked disorder&nbsp;&nbsp; or a brain disorder like epilepsy, right, you&nbsp; probably want to start with a clinical ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet and be under the supervision of a registered&nbsp; dietitian and a neurological team. So this is&nbsp;&nbsp; what they use in epilepsy. And there used to be&nbsp; an induction phase where they would fast you,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that actually helps facilitate metabolic&nbsp; switching, which is the transition into ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; from being primarily a glucose oxidizer to&nbsp; a fat and ketone utilizer. So you can speed&nbsp;&nbsp; that with fasting. But then you have...most&nbsp; people are doing it as a lifestyle approach. So, in our clinical trial that we're&nbsp; doing using... In non-diabetic people,&nbsp;&nbsp; they tend to be a little bit on the heavier&nbsp; side, but they don't have type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're using it to optimize their metabolic&nbsp; parameters and glycemic variability. We transition&nbsp;&nbsp; them into a ketogenic diet over four to six&nbsp; weeks. So, we titrate the carbohydrates down.&nbsp;&nbsp; And what we have found or my colleague has found,&nbsp; Dr. Allison Hull, she's at the Florida Medical&nbsp;&nbsp; Clinic and has a wellness program, that compliance&nbsp; and adherence to the diet and ultimately the&nbsp;&nbsp; results are better. If you take someone who's&nbsp; eating 300 grams of carbohydrates a day, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; standard, you know, American diet, and you drop&nbsp; them down to, you know, 100, and then the 75, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then 50 at about the four to six-week point, and&nbsp; you get a very nice improvement in many different&nbsp;&nbsp; subjective and objective, you know, biomarkers,&nbsp; they feel better, signs of mood are increased,&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety using the GAD-7 test, the&nbsp; PHQ-9, SSQ. Sleep actually improves. If you were to abruptly start the ketogenic diet,&nbsp; you're more likely to get side effects and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; more likely to get things like sleep disruption,&nbsp; lipid abnormalities, elevated triglycerides,&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a quick spike in LDL. This can occur if&nbsp; you rapidly start the ketogenic diet, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of not calorie restricting. When&nbsp; you calorie-restrict a ketogenic diet, it sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; mitigates many of the things that are negatively&nbsp; associated with high fat diets. So the transition&nbsp;&nbsp; is a lot easier if you calorie-restrict with a&nbsp; ketogenic diet. So that needs to be appreciated. For a lifestyle, I would recommend, if you're&nbsp; not on a carbohydrate-restricted diet, to ease&nbsp;&nbsp; into it and titrate it over time if you're&nbsp; not in a rush, right? So, for me personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I follow what would be considered a very&nbsp; modified supplemented ketogenic diet that&nbsp;&nbsp; would be more along the lines of a low&nbsp; glycemic index diet. So I have about...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, 10% to some days 20% of my diet is&nbsp; actually carbohydrates but in the form of fibrous&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables, right, essentially non-glycemic&nbsp; carbohydrates, so a lot of leafy greens.&nbsp;&nbsp; The carbohydrates that make up my ketogenic&nbsp; diet are on the...like typically have about one&nbsp;&nbsp; third to almost half of it is fiber and has very&nbsp; little impact or actually can improve glycemic&nbsp;&nbsp; variability or reduce it in that it&nbsp; moderates the digestion of protein and helps&nbsp;&nbsp; delay gastric absorption. So, the&nbsp; nutrients and things that I'm eating&nbsp;&nbsp; actually get into circulation in a protracted&nbsp; way. So the fiber helps to slow digestion. And so fat and fiber together are really important&nbsp; for the ketogenic diet, and that's not something&nbsp;&nbsp; classically that's accepted or considered. But as&nbsp; we learn more about ketogenic diets, we have an&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciation for the types of fats that are in the&nbsp; diet and actually incorporating fiber, not only to&nbsp;&nbsp; improve digestion and protein assimilation,&nbsp; but to enhance and preserve the gut microbiome,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is to be appreciated. So there was a&nbsp; lack of that understanding 20 or 30 years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it came into the conversation about 10 years&nbsp; ago. And now it's actually become a major focus&nbsp;&nbsp; of a lot of these dietary interventions, low&nbsp; carb and ketogenic diets. We need to appreciate&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber as a part of improving the diversity&nbsp; and maintaining the gut microbiome. [Dr. Patrick]: You've just answered&nbsp; one of the main questions I had about,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, being on a modified ketogenic diet&nbsp; and somehow intelligently designing a diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that include more fiber, you know, your thoughts&nbsp; on how fiber would be important. And it's really&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting to hear you say that because, you&nbsp; know, the other thing is that, you know, fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are making butyrate in the gut when you're&nbsp; or your bacteria is, you know, making it, the&nbsp;&nbsp; microbiome inside your gut. And that is fueling&nbsp; the colonocytes, right, giving them energy. When I was doing the ketogenic diet, I did&nbsp; find that...I ended up just naturally fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; more because it is so difficult. Like things I&nbsp; could eat, it was like, "Well, I can't eat..."&nbsp;&nbsp; I would snack on some macadamias. And after a&nbsp; certain point, it was like, "Well, this is like&nbsp;&nbsp; too much, the ratios of the protein in the..."&nbsp; So I'd have to like not eat, and then, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I found that I was basically just doing a lot of&nbsp; dietary restriction alongside the ketogenic diet. But I also found that when I would add, like,&nbsp; dark leafy greens, the portions really made&nbsp;&nbsp; a difference for me. Like, for example, cooked&nbsp; spinach, like, you don't think about it but, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're cooking it, it's like a&nbsp; lot more spinach than you would think&nbsp;&nbsp; it is. And so, like, a little serving of&nbsp; it looks small, but it's actually quite&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit. And so I noticed the cooks...if&nbsp; I had like a portion of cooked spinach,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, it wouldn't totally take me out of&nbsp; ketosis, but it wasn't getting me into that&nbsp;&nbsp; higher level. So, you know, I would go from&nbsp; like 3 millimolar down to, you know, 1. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you were cooking your&nbsp; spinach. Yeah. If you take raw leafy greens,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the cell walls intact, but&nbsp; when you cook green vegetables,&nbsp;&nbsp; the heat ruptures the cell wall. So you make&nbsp; the carbohydrates a little more accessible,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if it's green leafy vegetables. So that's&nbsp; going to impact... Believe it or not, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of a ketogenic diet, it&nbsp; makes a difference. If you have greens&nbsp;&nbsp; that are raw, the glycemic impact is essentially&nbsp; nothing, but if you cook your greens,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, it does make it proportionately much&nbsp; smaller, so you're more likely to eat more,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it also makes the carbohydrates accessible&nbsp; because the heat is rupturing the cell wall. So&nbsp;&nbsp; similar to like juicing or a smoothie or something&nbsp; like that, right? Although with the smoothie, you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the fiber and stuff in with it too. So, that's&nbsp; a big consideration that people need to consider. [Dr. Patrick]: Greater. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. But volume. But&nbsp; with a salad like a salad that would...an&nbsp;&nbsp; example of a salad on a modified ketogenic&nbsp; diet or modified Atkins diet would be,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, fatty fish like salmon, leafy&nbsp; greens like arugula, maybe some spinach and&nbsp;&nbsp; romaine lettuce and stuff, and extra virgin&nbsp; olive oil, lots of that. And I tend to mix it&nbsp;&nbsp; with MCT oil, so a combination of extra virgin&nbsp; MCT, we can get into that, as a ketogenic fat. Nuts are great, but I don't go too&nbsp; crazy with nuts but a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; walnuts. So you have fatty fish, a little bit&nbsp; of leafy greens, and a very fatty ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; dressing that's made, you know, with MCT&nbsp; and olive oil and herbs and things like that&nbsp;&nbsp; would fit in well with a ketogenic diet. So&nbsp; you get monounsaturated fats, right, and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting polyunsaturated fats and MCTs, which are&nbsp; saturated but go to a different...they do not&nbsp;&nbsp; disrupt the gut microbiome in ways that other&nbsp; types of fatty acids do. And that's the kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition that would be no effect on a continuous&nbsp; glucose monitor. So your glycemic response would&nbsp;&nbsp; be like nothing, and your ketones would likely&nbsp; go up because of the macronutrient ratio but also&nbsp;&nbsp; because of the MCTs that are in it too. So that's&nbsp; a very normal kind of typical diet that I eat. [Dr. Patrick]: So most of your&nbsp; greens or most of your carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; are eaten raw for the most part.&nbsp; You generally not cook them. [Dr. D'Agostino]: We do broccoli a lot and&nbsp; asparagus, so I lightly steam it or cook it,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don't make it to the point where it's&nbsp; like mushy. So I lightly steam vegetables like&nbsp;&nbsp; cauliflower, broccoli, asparagus. I always have a&nbsp; salad with my meal. With a ketogenic diet... When&nbsp;&nbsp; you wear a continuous glucose monitor, you can&nbsp; observe that the order in which you eat your food&nbsp;&nbsp; will impact the glycemic response. And if&nbsp; you're attenuating the glycemic response&nbsp;&nbsp; by eating foods in a certain order, a certain&nbsp; combination, that's also reducing the insulin.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you need to continually have a suppression of&nbsp; insulin signaling to maintain a state of ketosis. So, if you're in a state of fasting ketosis or&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet, and you inject a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of insulin, you'll see your ketones go down,&nbsp; there'll be a delayed response. That's because&nbsp;&nbsp; the reduction in insulin plays a&nbsp; big role. When you increase insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; it dramatically increases glycolysis,&nbsp; you know, translocation of the&nbsp;&nbsp; GLUT transporters to the membrane and&nbsp; things like that. So, you could do that. Exogenous ketones can actually increase&nbsp; insulin if it's too much, and we can talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about the different variations of that and why&nbsp; that could be problematic in some conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; But, you know, taking a big hit of protein&nbsp; like drinking whey protein will kick you&nbsp;&nbsp; out of ketosis because you're going to get the&nbsp; insulin response from the essential amino acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; and branched-chain amino acids too can increase&nbsp; that. So it's really important to incorporate&nbsp;&nbsp; fat and fiber with the meal especially up front,&nbsp; yeah, to attenuate any kind of insulin response. [Dr. Patrick]: Right. That's an&nbsp; interesting [crosstalk 00:20:33]. [Dr. D'Agostino]: And you learn these things&nbsp; as you go. There's a learning curve to the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet. I went right into the classical&nbsp; ketogenic diet. I bought the book, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The Ketogenic Diet for Pediatric Epilepsy" and&nbsp; now it's "The Ketogenic Diet for Epilepsy and&nbsp;&nbsp; Other Neurological Disorders," same author,&nbsp; Dr. Eric Kossoff, Dr. Mackenzie Cervenka&nbsp;&nbsp; from Johns Hopkins, and the team there. They&nbsp; advocate for a variety of different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets and then adjusting it to the&nbsp; patient and their circumstances too is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be important in the world of epilepsy. So, it&nbsp; remains the only widely accepted application of&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet at this time is really epilepsy&nbsp; and metabolic disorders like glucose transporter&nbsp;&nbsp; type 1 deficiency syndrome, PDH deficiency,&nbsp; and things like that. And interestingly,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are inborn errors of metabolism that are&nbsp; contraindicated with a ketogenic diet like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, carnitine transferase activity, CPT1,&nbsp; you know, whether it be primary or secondary&nbsp;&nbsp; too. So it could be deadly. A ketogenic diet&nbsp; could potentially kill you if you have carnitine,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, transferase deficiency. So that's&nbsp; a whole another topic we could discuss. [Dr. Patrick]: You bring up an interesting&nbsp; point with the contraindications because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm interested in a few of those aspects, so&nbsp; for one, perhaps other genetic variants that&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe aren't as rare. So, for example,&nbsp; you know, APOE4 allele, which, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a quarter of the population has one of those&nbsp; alleles. Like how is it known how people with that&nbsp;&nbsp; polymorphism respond to ketogenic&nbsp; diets? And also you mentioned, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; briefly about people that sort of race into&nbsp; the ketogenic diet without any sort of slowly&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrate restriction and how it can elevate&nbsp; some biomarkers like triglycerides, for example.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd love to talk about like what biomarkers do you&nbsp; think are good to monitor and to see if someone is&nbsp;&nbsp; favorably or unfavorably responding to a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, and at what point would you...? Like how&nbsp;&nbsp; many times would you do it before you sort of give&nbsp; up and sort of modify the diet or change maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; types of fat? You mentioned the types&nbsp; of fat or, you know, things like that. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think it's important. A&nbsp; lot of people jump into the ketogenic diet. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, just from a standard diet...&nbsp; It's important to test the water.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're not using it for epilepsy or another&nbsp; disorder, you want to titrate the carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; down and track and monitor along the way.&nbsp; You maybe do like cut your carbs in half&nbsp;&nbsp; or by two-thirds or whatever, and then at the&nbsp; four or six-week mark, get blood work again&nbsp;&nbsp; and look at your glucose response, check&nbsp; for hypoglycemia, things like that. So APOE4, you know, that's about one&nbsp; quarter, right, of the population.&nbsp;&nbsp; I get this question a lot, and I don't think it's&nbsp; ideal. Even the books on ketogenic diets say that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's an unnatural diet and it's not healthy and&nbsp; it's not sustainable. So these are from the people&nbsp;&nbsp; who researched the ketogenic diet who published&nbsp; the most on the ketogenic diet who are in the&nbsp;&nbsp; trenches using this diet as a medical therapy&nbsp; for like known conditions that are responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet. So with that said, you know,&nbsp; dietary teams that manage patients for up to 10&nbsp;&nbsp; years, 20, and even I had some correspondence&nbsp; with the team that are measuring people and&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiovascular parameters too, their heart health&nbsp; for 30 years. So, in patients, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; with inborn errors of metabolism that need to&nbsp; be on, like, a classical type ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; for like three decades, and they're still&nbsp; doing...all their blood work looks great.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I think that's a good example that the diet&nbsp; is not going to kill you. It would have done&nbsp;&nbsp; that a long time ago in these patients that are on&nbsp; like a four to one or three to one ketogenic diet. But I think it's important&nbsp; to... In the context of APOE4,&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely high fat is probably not ideal. So you&nbsp; want to take probably a more moderate approach&nbsp;&nbsp; and just restrict carbohydrates. I think&nbsp; it's really important to get lots of fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of phytonutrients. We know the data on&nbsp; fiber is just really, really good. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; no arguing. And people argue against fiber, but I&nbsp; think the data for fiber is really good, not just&nbsp;&nbsp; for the microbiome, for the phytonutrients, the&nbsp; micronutrients. As, you know, there's been a lack&nbsp;&nbsp; of appreciation for micronutrients and ketogenic&nbsp; diets, and that has caused problems like selenium&nbsp;&nbsp; deficiency, which led to cardiomyopathy,&nbsp; and there's case reports where people&nbsp;&nbsp; have literally...I think one or two where people&nbsp; have literally died from cardiomyopathy because&nbsp;&nbsp; of selenium deficiency associated with the&nbsp; ketogenic diet. So you want to make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you supplement appropriately, but you don't&nbsp; have to supplement if you formulate the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet appropriately with the right&nbsp; types of foods, but it's not always possible. But for APOE...and getting back to your APOE. So a&nbsp; diet that's moderate in fat, moderate in protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think of carbohydrates&nbsp; as fiber, so plant-based fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; moderate protein, and then fats.&nbsp; The types of fats are important. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; monounsaturated fatty acids as opposed&nbsp; to a long chain like saturated fats.&nbsp;&nbsp; Medium-chain triglycerides are probably&nbsp; helpful. There is a study that was done&nbsp;&nbsp; using a product that is caprylic triglyceride,&nbsp; which is MCT. At the time it was called AC-1202&nbsp;&nbsp; by Accera. It was a product that was designed&nbsp; for Alzheimer's disease as an alternative&nbsp;&nbsp; energy substrate that would be given. And the&nbsp; results of the study showed that improvements in&nbsp;&nbsp; mild cognitive impairment were associated with&nbsp; ketones. So there was a correlation with that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they did not see the correlation people&nbsp; with APOE4, which was kind of interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I think a larger study probably&nbsp; would have shown like a difference. But I think the take-home message is that a diet&nbsp; that's very...like super-restrictive and high in&nbsp;&nbsp; fat is probably not ideal for APOE4 patients, and&nbsp; adding ketones in the form of exogenous ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; could probably be ideal. There was a case&nbsp; report on a patient that I am familiar with&nbsp;&nbsp; that...I'm familiar with the wife of the patient&nbsp; that had passed away, but he was maintained&nbsp;&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet and then later on ketone&nbsp; esters and exogenous ketones and was...did&nbsp;&nbsp; quite well in this diet for a long time.&nbsp; And it wasn't a restrictive ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he did much better with ketone supplementation&nbsp; as it means to improve his cognition and different&nbsp;&nbsp; behavioral parameters too. So I think that&nbsp; would probably be the better way to go. I'm very cautious in speculating and giving&nbsp; medical advice. I'm not a medical doctor.&nbsp;&nbsp; I am a professor and I'm professing that I think&nbsp; that a more moderate style Mediterranean-like&nbsp;&nbsp; low-carb/ketogenic diet with supplementation&nbsp; in the form of things like omega-3 fatty acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; MCT oils. The fatty acids comprising the diet&nbsp; should be more along the lines of monounsaturated&nbsp;&nbsp; fats and not so much heavy saturated fats,&nbsp; which in the context of APOE4 is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; not a good thing to chronically maintain a&nbsp; state of ketosis with superhigh saturated fat. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. So maybe more avocados, more&nbsp; of the nuts, and olive oil, salmon, which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; good type of polyunsaturated fatty acid. I mean,&nbsp; that's the kind of diet that I was doing and will&nbsp;&nbsp; try again. And we'll talk a little bit&nbsp; more about why I'm so interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets. I don't have epilepsy,&nbsp; and I'm certainly not someone that eats a&nbsp;&nbsp; standard American diet either. There are so many&nbsp; interesting effects being in a state of ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; and having the ketone bodies elevated,&nbsp; and that to me are very interesting and,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I think possibly beneficial&nbsp; for healthspan, for cognition, and so... With the supplemented ketones that you keep&nbsp; mentioning like with respect to, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; having a diet you follow, which is more of&nbsp; the low glycemic index, one to one ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; with supplemented ketones, it's another really&nbsp; big area that's exploded over the past few years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Can you talk a little bit about, for&nbsp; people that aren't familiar, like&nbsp;&nbsp; supplemental ketones? There's different types of&nbsp; supplemental ketones. You mentioned ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; salts, and then even MCT oils or powders. So,&nbsp; maybe we can kind of jump into that a little bit. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think the question&nbsp; is, like, why would you even want to&nbsp;&nbsp; short circuit the state...? You know, why would&nbsp; you want to circumvent the dietary intervention&nbsp;&nbsp; that produces ketosis, i.e., the ketogenic diet?&nbsp; Why would you want to circumvent that? I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; the reasons are kind of obvious, and just throw&nbsp; ketones into the mix. Like what's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; happen physiologically? There are people who are&nbsp; unwilling or unable to do the ketogenic diet. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that was the motivation behind developing and&nbsp; testing and ultimately publishing a number of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, articles and studies on exogenous&nbsp; ketones. And there are different formulations&nbsp;&nbsp; and not all types of exogenous ketones&nbsp; or formulations of combinations&nbsp;&nbsp; are applicable to different disorders, right? Some&nbsp; conditions are more responsive to ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; whereas some are more responsive to ketone salts&nbsp; or formulations of MCT and ketone salts, right? When I first got into this research in 2008 or&nbsp; '09, I believe, I contacted a number of people&nbsp;&nbsp; who remain to be icons in this field. So, Dr.&nbsp; Richard Veach, I like to always, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; acknowledge him as being a pioneer in developing&nbsp; the rationale and developing ketone esters, you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, and the rationale for using them and writing&nbsp; a number of reviews that actually motivated me&nbsp;&nbsp; to pursue this path. Dr. Henry Bruning Grabber&nbsp; [SP], George Cahill. Dr. Theodore VanItallie.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, they're all sort of friends and&nbsp; collaborators, and they published on this. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was really focused on the ketogenic diet. But&nbsp; when you're writing a grant, a federal grant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're trying to sell this approach as&nbsp; a means to, you know, reduce seizures or&nbsp;&nbsp; enhance warfighter performance, resilience,&nbsp; and things like that, the high-fat diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is still looked upon as something that is very&nbsp; negative. So, the question was, can you develop&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet in a pill? And essentially, that&nbsp; was sort of the path we took with ketone esters. So the ketogenic diet, it was my understanding&nbsp; that the body at the time that you need to have&nbsp;&nbsp; adaptations over time that would change&nbsp; your physiology that would change your&nbsp;&nbsp; brain neuropharmacology that would then have, you&nbsp; know, an anti-seizure effect, and that happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; By changing your systems physiology, you're&nbsp; changing your brain neuropharmacology and&nbsp;&nbsp; your brain metabolism. So your brain is switching&nbsp; from using glucose, and pretty much only glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; to using glucose and ketones. It never switches&nbsp; completely off of glucose and ketones. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the homeostatic mechanisms that maintain your&nbsp; blood glucose are very powerful, so your glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much stays normal, but insulin&nbsp; goes down. So that's a thing that we see. The effects of the ketogenic diet are...and sorry,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a long-winded version, but I want&nbsp; to kind of provide a framework. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was educated on the role of ketones as a&nbsp; metabolite and also later as a signaling molecule&nbsp;&nbsp; as a drug-like mediator of the ketogenic diet.&nbsp; So, we produce these endogenous metabolites,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they not only serve as alternative energy&nbsp; for the brain and the heart and other tissues,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then they have signaling effects that mediate&nbsp; many of the beneficial effects associated with&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of therapeutic ketosis.&nbsp; So that's things like elevating adenosine,&nbsp;&nbsp; activating various ketone receptors, GPR109A&nbsp; receptor, for example, anti-inflammatory pathways. I was really interested in the oxidative&nbsp; stress associated with high-pressure oxygen.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we measured like superoxide anion production&nbsp; using ethidium molecule like the fluorescence and&nbsp;&nbsp; showed that mitochondrial ROS production goes down&nbsp; with a beta-hydroxybutyrate and ketone molecules.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there was all these things that were&nbsp; happening as a consequence of the hyperketonemia.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, undoubtedly, there's things that happen&nbsp; with the ketogenic diet that are therapeutic&nbsp;&nbsp; and very beneficial that don't happen with&nbsp; exogenous ketones but there's a lot of overlap. And then later, as we develop ketone&nbsp; esters and ketone salts and used MCTs,&nbsp;&nbsp; we saw that if we administer these things&nbsp; to animals that are not on a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; we saw remarkable anti-seizure effects,&nbsp; anti-cancer effects, we saw changing&nbsp;&nbsp; the brain neuropharmacology, meaning that the&nbsp; GABAergic tone went up. So, GABA is made from&nbsp;&nbsp; glutamate via an enzyme called glutamic acid&nbsp; decarboxylase. So we have glutamate as the most&nbsp;&nbsp; ubiquitous neurotransmitter in the system in our&nbsp; body. And that's an excitatory neurotransmitter&nbsp;&nbsp; that activates the AMPA receptors and NMDA&nbsp; receptors. And then glutamate via the conversion&nbsp;&nbsp; to GABA through glutamic acid decarboxylase is&nbsp; a brain stabilizing, calming neurotransmitter. And I've even measured my own neurotransmitters&nbsp; and showed that GABA is like twice as higher&nbsp;&nbsp; than what would be expected, my GABA to glutamate&nbsp; ratio, right? In animal models, we see this too.&nbsp;&nbsp; We did an animal model of Angelman&nbsp; syndrome, which is responsive&nbsp;&nbsp; to...we knew from case reports that the seizures&nbsp; could be silenced with the ketogenic diet. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; had an animal model of Angelman syndrome,&nbsp; and we administered ketone ester with a&nbsp;&nbsp; standard diet and saw an increase in GAD65&nbsp; and 67 and essentially an increase in GABA.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then that resulted in what we saw, increase&nbsp; in learning memory, we saw, you know, anti-anxiety&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. And the increasing GABAergic tone likely&nbsp; contributes to the anti-seizure effect of that. And many anti-seizure drugs like Vigabatrin&nbsp; and other drugs work through GABA. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works through many different&nbsp; mechanisms in synergy, and one of them is GABA.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we're sort of interested in it&nbsp; from that perspective. So you can&nbsp;&nbsp; replicate and mimic many of the effects&nbsp; that I'm interested in from a neurological&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective, neuroprotective with&nbsp; simply administering exogenous ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; to animals at least on a standard diet.&nbsp; So this has actually spawned many... The pre-clinical animal model data was&nbsp; so compelling that it has inspired,&nbsp;&nbsp; not from our lab, from other investigators, you&nbsp; know, looking at this too, a dozens of clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials that are ongoing right now. If you just&nbsp; go to clinicaltrials.gov and google and just or&nbsp;&nbsp; just type in ketone supplement, I think you get&nbsp; like 30 or 40 clinical trials that are looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at ketone supplements. And just a few years&nbsp; ago, there was none, right? So, there's a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of other people instead of us looking at this idea&nbsp; of...I guess you could call it a ketogenic diet . But I think of exogenous ketones are&nbsp; calorie-containing molecules that are essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; in some ways found in nature, some&nbsp; of them are, some of them aren't.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they do elevate a bioidentical ketone&nbsp; bodies in the blood and in tissues. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; in many ways, they're not so much like&nbsp; a drug. It's like creatine monohydrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So you can take...creatine is found&nbsp; in meat and it's found in other things.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can take exogenous creatine, and it has not&nbsp; only effect on skeletal muscle but on the brain.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think we're getting an appreciation&nbsp; for creatine as like a nootropic even. I look at ketones as being kind of the next&nbsp; creatine, but it's going to take a while&nbsp;&nbsp; for the research. I think there's like 700 or more&nbsp; trials or studies on creatine, you know, showing&nbsp;&nbsp; the efficacy and the positive effect, whereas&nbsp; maybe there's maybe like 50 to 100 with ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's expanding very rapidly. It's very nascent&nbsp; literature, but the nascent literature has spawned&nbsp;&nbsp; many other labs, you know, outside of our lab&nbsp; and labs that were doing it well before our lab.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I became so interested in this idea&nbsp; that it...I just changed my whole research&nbsp;&nbsp; direction away from drugs to look at diet&nbsp; and supplements. Sorry, that was long-winded. [Dr. Patrick]: No, it's fantastic, so much&nbsp; information. You mentioned that, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in different contexts, these different types&nbsp; of ketone supplements can have, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; varying effects or be used for different&nbsp; things. If you're just looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone...you know, beta-hydroxybutyrate levels&nbsp; as an endpoint, what would be the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; in taking a ketone ester versus a ketone salt? How&nbsp; long would you see an increase in the, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate levels is how transient?&nbsp; Is it side effects-wise, you know, with these&nbsp;&nbsp; different...? And the formulations as well. Like&nbsp; there's all kinds of formulations that you see. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So, you can get an elevation&nbsp; of ketones for one hour or six to eight hours&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the formulation and depending upon if&nbsp; you took the ketone supplement with...on an empty&nbsp;&nbsp; stomach or taken it with food or combined, for&nbsp; example, a ketone ester with a ketone electrolyte&nbsp;&nbsp; salt, right? If you take ketone salts and you&nbsp; combine it with medium-chain triglycerides,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fat delays gastric absorption and pushes the&nbsp; pharmacokinetic curve, if you will, to the right.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is important. You get a little bit slower&nbsp; elevation of blood ketones, and then you have&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant sustainment of hyperketonemia&nbsp; over time and the decrease in the spike.&nbsp;&nbsp; So a very rapid spike in ketones&nbsp; contributes to a release in insulin. So, if you consume a ketone ester at a large&nbsp; dose on an empty stomach, you have a very large&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate&nbsp; too depending on the formulation. And it's that&nbsp;&nbsp; rate of change, the relative rate of&nbsp; change of metabolites, similar to like&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have a very rapid, you know, relative&nbsp; spike in leucine, it's going to kick on&nbsp;&nbsp; skeletal muscle protein synthesis, but if&nbsp; it's a gradual spike, maybe it won't kick on&nbsp;&nbsp; the metabolic machinery associated with skeletal&nbsp; muscle protein synthesis. The rapid elevation of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones can produce a counter-regulatory&nbsp; effect, which is a release in insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that can shut down your&nbsp; own natural ketone production.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, the way to go about doing it is to formulate&nbsp; something that causes a predictable but gradual&nbsp;&nbsp; rise in ketones and sustains that for a period&nbsp; of time and has a predictable decrease over time. So the way to do that simply is to take...the&nbsp; way that I do it on a daily basis is&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate that's bound to electrolyte&nbsp; sodium that has sodium, potassium, calcium,&nbsp;&nbsp; magnesium in that formulation, so balanced&nbsp; electrolytes, more or less like the electrolyte&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements that are on the market. So, LMNT is&nbsp; one. I think maybe Liquid IV or Gatorade or even&nbsp;&nbsp; these things. So, the higher sodium, you know,&nbsp; but you want to match it with some potassium,&nbsp;&nbsp; calcium, magnesium. And then the electrolytes in&nbsp; themselves will actually delay gastric absorption&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit. So salt does that. And if you&nbsp; combine that with MCT too, that delay it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The salts can actually delay gastric&nbsp; absorption, so it's not so much of a rapid rise. If you take a beta-hydroxybutyrate ester,&nbsp; you have 1,3-butanediol typically is bound&nbsp;&nbsp; to beta-hydroxybutyrate. When you consume that,&nbsp; the beta-hydroxybutyrate is quickly liberated,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it spikes your glucose or your ketones&nbsp; up very high. But in regards to glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually, that comes down pretty low. And you had&nbsp; to ask me that question. Why does glucose drop,&nbsp;&nbsp; so down into hypoglycemic ranges with a&nbsp; single large dose like 30 to 50 milliliters&nbsp;&nbsp; of like a pure ketone ester,&nbsp; something like that, right? Yeah. So, in the beginning, I thought it was&nbsp; insulin, and it is insulin. So the threshold&nbsp;&nbsp; for me at least...I measure insulin quite often in&nbsp; response to this, and what I find is that if you&nbsp;&nbsp; take a ketone supplement and it boosts you 1 to&nbsp; 2 millimolar like a delta, a change, an increase,&nbsp;&nbsp; then the elevation of insulin is almost&nbsp; imperceptible according to like the assays&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're using. But if you were to consume&nbsp; a ketone ester and get up into the three,&nbsp;&nbsp; four, and five range, then that produces&nbsp; an elevation of insulin equivalent to&nbsp;&nbsp; eating...you know, drinking like 2 to 4 ounces&nbsp; of OJ or like 10 grapes or like a small orange,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So, for me, it goes from like 3 to 6&nbsp; or 8 or 10, right, insulin, my blood insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; levels. And it's equivalent to maybe eating&nbsp; about 30 or 40 grams of protein. So you would&nbsp;&nbsp; get that amount. Whereas if you consume, you know,&nbsp; Ketostart or another exogenous ketone supplement,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you consume it like 10 grams of pure BHB, and&nbsp; you get that elevation of about 1.5 millimolar... [Dr. Patrick]: Is that a full packet of Ketostart? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It's kind of like&nbsp; double...almost it's like double&nbsp;&nbsp; dosed in a way. So I usually&nbsp; do half a packet and then... [Dr. Patrick]: Which is I'm&nbsp; drinking right now, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yep. So, consuming a full&nbsp; packet typically I get about 1.5 millimolar,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I feel the effect. But I've actually consumed&nbsp; two packets, and I start to get a bump in insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; but one packet, no. And the bump in insulin&nbsp; is relatively small probably because&nbsp;&nbsp; the mineral load is delaying, you know, the&nbsp; absorption into the system a little bit.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I think that that's really important because&nbsp; we know like insulin suppression is also important&nbsp;&nbsp; for the anti-seizure effects. So we think that a&nbsp; reduction in glycolysis is therapeutically part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the scenario of the anti-seizure effect of&nbsp; the ketogenic diet because 2-deoxy glucose has&nbsp;&nbsp; a pretty strong anti-seizure effect. And that&nbsp; is being advocated and used clinically in some&nbsp;&nbsp; studies as the ketogenic diet in a drug, so&nbsp; a glycolytic inhibitor, 2-deoxy glucose. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you consume this drug and it's&nbsp; like 25 milligrams per kilogram,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you go higher than that, then it becomes&nbsp; cardiotoxic. So it's not an ideal approach,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it inhibits the glycolytic pathway in a way&nbsp; that sort of mimics effects of the ketogenic diet. So when we increase insulin, insulin stimulates&nbsp; glycolysis, and I think that that could be&nbsp;&nbsp; a negative thing in the context of maybe cancer or&nbsp; seizures or other things that we're interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutically managing. There's the ketogenic&nbsp; diet and exogenous ketones, and they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; mutually exclusive. But I actually think they're&nbsp; synergistically, you know, when they're combined&nbsp;&nbsp; together. So, if you follow a more liberal version&nbsp; of the ketogenic diet like a modified Atkins diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or modified ketogenic diet or low glycemic index&nbsp; therapy, which is like a one-to-one ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet, and then supplement ketones on top of that,&nbsp; then I think what you have in my opinion is an&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized ketogenic diet for a lifestyle. This&nbsp; needs to be studied and validated in clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials. But I think it would also be optimal&nbsp; for epilepsy, for cancer, for managing type&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 diabetes, and also for weight loss. So the&nbsp; ketones have a satiating effect on the brain. So the ketones are alternative energy substrate,&nbsp; and when your brain is metabolizing ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it actually experiences low glucose,&nbsp; it doesn't go into an energetic crisis. So&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not signaling that you need to eat.&nbsp; And I think that's really interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; There have been cases where you could&nbsp; produce a hypoglycemic shock that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; fatal...otherwise fatal. But if your ketones are&nbsp; elevated, you're asymptomatic for hypoglycemia.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's a remarkable example of the effects&nbsp; of ketones on preserving, maintaining brain&nbsp;&nbsp; energy metabolism, and that has real-world&nbsp; effects in the context of everyday living. And if you go on a diet, you inadvertently need to&nbsp; go into a calorie deficit. So calories do matter&nbsp;&nbsp; for one thing, and you have to achieve&nbsp; and maintain a protracted calorie deficit&nbsp;&nbsp; to lose weight and to some extent, sustain that&nbsp; weight for a period of time. Then you can go back&nbsp;&nbsp; to a more eucaloric ketogenic diet or eucaloric&nbsp; diet. It will necessitate like low glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; low insulin, and you're going to get&nbsp; hungry, but if your ketones are elevated,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's where ketones shine. They really shine in&nbsp; the context of calorie restriction or an energy&nbsp;&nbsp; deficit because you have a better fuel flow to the&nbsp; brain in that context, right? So if you're on a&nbsp;&nbsp; low-calorie diet that's producing a state of&nbsp; hypoglycemia, but your ketones are not elevated,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's going to be a painful&nbsp; diet to adhere to and sustain. [Dr. Patrick]: Right. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Not fun. [Dr. Patrick]: No. And it's funny. Like,&nbsp; I absolutely noticed that when I was doing&nbsp;&nbsp; my ketogenic diet. Like I said, I was doing a lot&nbsp; more intermittent fasting, and it was a lot easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to do. I mean, you do feel...I felt satiated.&nbsp; And this kind of gets into another topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I did want to kind of ask you about the&nbsp; difference between...you mentioned the diester&nbsp;&nbsp; for ketone esters, but there's also monoester,&nbsp; right? Is there a difference in terms of efficacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, if you're just kind of wanting to elevate&nbsp; your ketone levels? And again, it seems as though&nbsp;&nbsp; I prefer... I've tried all these different types&nbsp; of ketone supplements, and I personally am not&nbsp;&nbsp; a huge fan of the really quick spike and then&nbsp; like...like to me, it's kind of crashing because&nbsp;&nbsp; my glucose levels get so low, and then when the&nbsp; ketones wear off, it's like, "Where's my energy?" [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you have, yeah,&nbsp; hypoglycemia and hypoketonemia,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you might also be kicking yourself out&nbsp; of ketosis. So it could be a dose thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; The 1,3-butanediol beta-hydroxybutyrate monoester,&nbsp;&nbsp; that was developed by...in part by Dr. Richard&nbsp; Veach. That was one of the first ketone esters&nbsp;&nbsp; that we actually...you know, I became interested&nbsp; in, and it did not have anti-seizure effects.&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn't lose enthusiasm because I knew there was&nbsp; so many other molecules that could be developed. We worked on a couple different molecules. And&nbsp; the next one was the diester. Actually, first,&nbsp;&nbsp; we had the monoester. 1,3-butanediol-acetoacetate&nbsp; monoester had very strong anti-seizure effects.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we could do more of a transesterification&nbsp; reaction, it's just more or less a stoichiometric&nbsp;&nbsp; reaction where you just add more ketones,&nbsp; in this case, acetoacetate 2-1-3-butanediol.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's 1,3-butanediol, which gets metabolized&nbsp; in the liver completely pretty much to&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate. That molecule with a&nbsp; reaction, we can add to acetoacetate molecules. And, you know, both of these things, the&nbsp; monoester and the diester, they taste nasty,&nbsp;&nbsp; they taste like gas. But they have&nbsp; very distinctly different effects&nbsp;&nbsp; at least in the context of the&nbsp; anti-seizure effects. So when we developed&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketone diester, and we used that in our&nbsp; animal model of tonic-clonic seizures, which was,&nbsp;&nbsp; in this case, high-pressure oxygen, but we then&nbsp; tested it in various other seizure models too,&nbsp;&nbsp; it had a very strong anti-seizure neuroprotective&nbsp; effect. And then if we use 1,3-butanediol or any&nbsp;&nbsp; other ketone, it didn't really have&nbsp; that profound anti-seizure effect. [Dr. Patrick]: GABA. Is there like a&nbsp; difference in the GABA [crosstalk 00:51:19]? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's an interesting, you&nbsp; know, theory, but one of the things that kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of stood out was elevating acetoacetate seemed to&nbsp; be really important. And some of the animal model&nbsp;&nbsp; work... It was brought to my attention by people&nbsp; who had been studying this for longer than me.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of them was Dr. John Rowe. He&nbsp; was looking at beta-hydroxybutyrate&nbsp;&nbsp; and acetoacetate saying, you know, there's&nbsp; really good literature with acetoacetate and&nbsp;&nbsp; acetone too having an anti-seizure&nbsp; effect. The 1,3-butanediol-acetoacetate&nbsp;&nbsp; diester elevates beta-hydroxybutyrate and&nbsp; acetoacetate more or less on a one-to-one ratio. So we did blood work. We measured blood,&nbsp; and we sent it out to mass spec[trometry].&nbsp;&nbsp; And there's kind of like a nice...there's&nbsp; a quick spike up in acetoacetate&nbsp;&nbsp; and beta-hydroxybutyrate from the 1,3-butanediol,&nbsp; and that happens over hours. And we had a 600%&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in the latency to seizure, which&nbsp; means that animals could go 600% longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we published that. And then later, we actually&nbsp; combined the ketone ester with MCT and saw a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of a boost, you know. The MCT seemed to&nbsp; further elevate ketones and extend the sustainment&nbsp;&nbsp; of ketosis. So that has been the ester that we&nbsp; focus mostly on in our studies at least initially. But then we started tinkering with the ketone&nbsp; salts and putting ketone salts and mixing that&nbsp;&nbsp; with MCT. So, ketone salts alone or mixed with&nbsp; MCT seem to have a lot of favorable effects on&nbsp;&nbsp; glycemic regulation, anti-anxiety effects. You&nbsp; know, they also have an anti-seizure effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe not as strong as the ketone esters, which&nbsp; are just more powerful on a per gram basis. But&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally would not... I have access to these&nbsp; things. Even if ketone esters tasted great,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would not be consuming them day in&nbsp; and day out. Just for the same reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think it's good to spike glucose&nbsp; throughout the day. I don't think it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really favorable to throw a lot of energy in the&nbsp; system in a way, especially if ketones get high,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do get a metabolic acidosis that you can...&nbsp; We see pH drop in our animals. So we measure like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, our pH levels and blood gases and things&nbsp; like that, and we see that the pH level will drop&nbsp;&nbsp; typically when the ketones get above about 3&nbsp; millimolar. So that's probably not a good thing. So, I'm of the opinion personally and&nbsp; experimentally by...you know, in the idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping exogenous ketones within like an elevation&nbsp; of 1 to 3 millimolar. I think it's pretty optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; unless you're managing like a very serious form of&nbsp; epilepsy, or you have glucose transporter type 1&nbsp;&nbsp; deficiency syndrome or some other inborn error&nbsp; metabolism where having higher ketones can be&nbsp;&nbsp; favorable because you have a decrease in&nbsp; other metabolic pathways or transporters&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the case of glucose&nbsp; transporters deficiency. [Dr. Patrick]: It sounds like though...&nbsp;&nbsp; For my own personal anecdote when&nbsp; I was trying the ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, at first, it was like, "Oh, maybe more&nbsp; is better. I want to get, you know, at least&nbsp;&nbsp; above 3 millimolar." You know, I got like 3.5 with&nbsp; consuming about 30 mils of, I believe the 1-3... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Monoester. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, that formulation. Like&nbsp; I said, you know, 30 mils, that's a lot. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's people that might be doing that&nbsp; like every couple of hours even, and it sounds&nbsp;&nbsp; like that could potentially be a dangerous&nbsp; thing to do, especially if they're getting&nbsp;&nbsp; in that range where there could be a pH&nbsp; change. And if they're not measuring it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, no one's going to&nbsp; know. So, it's something... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I don't think we know, and&nbsp; I think it's like... If you have like type 2&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes, if you have Alzheimer's disease, you&nbsp; know, cancer, I think it's better to spread out&nbsp;&nbsp; the dose too. So, I think from my perspective,&nbsp; I'd rather take something that's also delivering&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes that my body can use&nbsp; and also that tastes good. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the 1,3-butanediol is also a consideration,&nbsp; right, because the liver has to work harder,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it uses the alcohol, the dehydrogenase&nbsp; pathway. And I noticed, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; playing around with these things over time&nbsp; just 1,3-butanediol, which the ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; if I consume that at a certain dose&nbsp; for two weeks and then get blood work,&nbsp;&nbsp; my liver enzymes are elevated. They're&nbsp; still within normal range, but they creep&nbsp;&nbsp; up into that upper range of normal consuming,&nbsp; for example, like 1 gram per kilogram per day.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's the amount that's needed to sustain&nbsp; hyperketonemia equivalent to a ketogenic diet. I feel intuitively that it's probably better&nbsp; to take a more natural form of ketones where&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just ionically bound to a monovalent&nbsp; or divalent cation like electrolytes,&nbsp;&nbsp; which our body tend to deplete anyway when you're&nbsp; on a state of ketosis. So, I use the product&nbsp;&nbsp; LMNT. But once we got the ketone formulation&nbsp; kind of figured out, you can deliver&nbsp;&nbsp; the same electrolytes that are bound to ketones.&nbsp; So I think it's a good adjuvant or a good&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement to add to a low-carb&nbsp; diet to ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: How often do you&nbsp;&nbsp; do...? Is this a daily electrolyte sort&nbsp; of supplemental thing that's...? Okay. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. And I just use maybe like&nbsp; a small dose in the morning and I combine it with&nbsp;&nbsp; like creatine, acetyl-L-carnitine, and a couple&nbsp; other like taurine. There's some supplements that&nbsp;&nbsp; I think are really beneficial with the ketogenic&nbsp; diet. They can help boost ketosis. And then, when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're on a ketogenic diet, you're oxidizing so&nbsp; much fat, you tend to be deficient in carnitine,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we see this like in kids that are on...so&nbsp; I think carnitine is like really important.&nbsp;&nbsp; The selenium, some studies may show&nbsp; up that that's really important,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think that's more of the type&nbsp; of foods that you're consuming. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, a standard&nbsp; multivitamin too also would be... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, multivitamin, but I&nbsp; think you can get a lot of nutrition from,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, a lot of eggs and sardines and fish and&nbsp; oysters and things like that that are very rich&nbsp;&nbsp; and some things that may be depleted in other&nbsp; people at least clinically. So I take a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of ketone salts in the morning, and then&nbsp; later in the day like midday as a pick me up,&nbsp;&nbsp; like I'll do the other two-thirds of a packet,&nbsp; you know. I feel it [crosstalk 00:58:09]. [Dr. Patrick]: Any other supplements that&nbsp; you take or that, you know, encourage? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. You know, from listening&nbsp; to you a lot, the omega-3s, DHA, EPA, carnitine&nbsp;&nbsp; because that's really important kind of aspect.&nbsp; If I wasn't taking ketone salts, I would be taking&nbsp;&nbsp; more electrolytes, but I&nbsp; take magnesium, "Magnesium&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 and 8". And also BiOptimizers makes&nbsp; a magnesium breakthrough product,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is like magnesium in like five&nbsp; different forms or six different forms. So&nbsp;&nbsp; I've measured my blood levels of magnesium,&nbsp; and it goes up pretty high with that. I take vitamin D, which was actually low even&nbsp; though I get tons of sun and I was supplementing&nbsp;&nbsp; 4,000 to 8,000 IUs a day. And I got a blood&nbsp; test done, and I was on the lower end of normal,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was really confusing. So I got another&nbsp; blood test that confirmed, the other blood test&nbsp;&nbsp; that I was on a low end of normal. So I got&nbsp; prescription vitamin D, which is vitamin D2.&nbsp;&nbsp; But then I ran out of that, and I was using&nbsp; another vitamin D supplement from another&nbsp;&nbsp; maker. I think it was Mindbodygreen. I&nbsp; was supplementing with that. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; got another vitamin D test after and I stayed&nbsp; elevated in the upper range of normal. So maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; I was using a well-known vitamin D formulation,&nbsp; but it was like from Walgreens or CVS. And I was&nbsp;&nbsp; taking 8,000 IUs a day, and I was still&nbsp; in the low end of normal even though I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; getting a lot of sun exposure. So this was&nbsp; probably one of the most weirdest things. [Dr. Patrick:]: It could have&nbsp; been a polymorphism or... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I was thinking about that. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: ...you know, because there&nbsp; are polymorphisms that some people require,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, in some cases, two to three times&nbsp; the normal dose to actually just bring&nbsp;&nbsp; you up to like a normal level of&nbsp; like 30 to 48 nanograms per mil.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the other would be that there's been a variety&nbsp; of studies now over the years showing if you&nbsp;&nbsp; just randomly take different vitamin D supplements&nbsp; off the shelves like Walgreens, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in grocery stores, that the actual concentration&nbsp; of vitamin D3 in each supplement varies so widely&nbsp;&nbsp; that you'll often get a supplement that says&nbsp; it's, you know, 4,000 IU, but it's more like 400&nbsp;&nbsp; IU. And it's really a big problem, honestly. So it&nbsp; is good to like kind of find some go-to reliable&nbsp;&nbsp; brands. Maybe third-party sites have tested&nbsp; the concentration of the vitamin D3. I know&nbsp;&nbsp; Labdoor does one, and then ConsumerLab,&nbsp; they actually go around and test the actual&nbsp;&nbsp; concentration of whatever active ingredient, in&nbsp; this case, vitamin D3 in a variety of pretty,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, readily available supplements.&nbsp; That could have been it as well, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It really shocked me because,&nbsp; I mean, I'm out...we're in Florida. I'm outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, working on the farm,&nbsp; shirt off a lot, and I double dose&nbsp;&nbsp; on...I'm pushing like the upper limit&nbsp; I thought of vitamin D supplement... [Dr. Patrick]: You have enough magnesium&nbsp; obviously because magnesium is important. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, get a ton. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Have you done a genetic test? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I did&nbsp; 23andMe like back in 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I have all the raw data,&nbsp; and I haven't put it into... [Dr. Patrick]: [crosstalk 01:01:16] because we do&nbsp; a lot of the vitamin D3 SNPs. There's quite a few,&nbsp;&nbsp; and, you know, there's several that&nbsp; affect your ability to convert...&nbsp;&nbsp; There's several steps in vitamin D3&nbsp; metabolism but particularly vitamin D3... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I actually&nbsp; becoming fascinated with vitamin D. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, vitamin D3 converting&nbsp; into to 25-hydroxy vitamin D, which is what&nbsp;&nbsp; is the major circulating form which is what you're&nbsp; getting measured when you're getting a blood test.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's SNPs that affect that. And I've&nbsp; had several friends and I've seen...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, I looked at the data, but&nbsp; I've had several friends that&nbsp;&nbsp; have had to take like up to 30,000&nbsp; IUs a day because they have a SNP. [Dr. D'Agostino]: And explain&nbsp; to me why prescription is D2. [Dr. Patrick]: I don't know&nbsp; why it is. And to be honest... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Okay. Yeah. I asked my doctor&nbsp; and she didn't know. She was like, "I have no..." [Dr. Patrick]: ...I'm not terribly&nbsp; thrilled. Maybe it's a cost thing&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're getting it from like&nbsp; plant like mushrooms or something.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know there's been a couple of studies over&nbsp; the years. I don't quite understand, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; the mechanism and I don't know if it's known&nbsp; or how much has been studied. There's some&nbsp;&nbsp; preliminary data, and I haven't checked back, I&nbsp; don't know how much of this has been confirmed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Supplementation with vitamin D2 seemed to&nbsp; like inhibit some of the effects of vitamin D&nbsp;&nbsp; in muscle. So I was kind of like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's kind of concerning." And I know a lot&nbsp; of vegetarians like to take vitamin D2 because,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, they want something that's plant-based,&nbsp; but you can actually get vitamin D3 from lichen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Oh, really? [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, they produce vitamin D3.&nbsp; Yeah, like stuff that grows on rocks and trees. [Dr. D'Agostino]: You can eat it. You can boil&nbsp; it. And, you know, it's good nutrition. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: You can eat it. Yeah. There are&nbsp; companies that...like I know Thorne makes one,&nbsp;&nbsp; a vitamin D3 for vegetarians&nbsp; and stuff from lichen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: In skin wise, if you have&nbsp; more olive skin or... So I form keloids. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; this was a big...if I get a cut, I form keloids&nbsp; like African Americans do with dark skin. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was thinking that there's something, you know,&nbsp; biochemically in my skin, although I don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; like an over-production of melanin, but I have&nbsp; aspects of that, of having darker skin, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; like in forming keloids. So I'm thinking there's&nbsp; something in my skin, I'm not synthesizing it. [Dr. Patrick]: That's interesting. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I mean, I tan if I'm outside. I&nbsp; mean, it's winter now. Yeah, usually, I'm pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; dark. Yeah. There have like to supplement and&nbsp; double the amount of dose that's recommended&nbsp;&nbsp; and to be outside all the time and to have low&nbsp; levels. Like I got the call and said, "Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need to get you on a vitamin D supplement." I&nbsp; was like, "No, that's not right. Order another."&nbsp;&nbsp; And I got it and it was, like, low like super,&nbsp; like, right, at the cutoff. But I did take 50,000&nbsp;&nbsp; IUs of vitamin D2 is the prescription, and three&nbsp; or four weeks of that, you just take one per week,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was on the upper range of normal slightly&nbsp; above. Then I stopped and it went back down&nbsp;&nbsp; to normal, but I was supplementing...I&nbsp; changed to a different brand. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: And you've been able to&nbsp; maintain levels? What dose do you take? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think it's like&nbsp; back to 5,000, yeah, 5,000 IUs. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Maybe it was the... Yeah.&nbsp; Look at your SNPs. That would be like&nbsp;&nbsp; my [inaudible 01:04:30] SNP. But then&nbsp; absolutely could be the actual supplement brand. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Is there anything&nbsp; acutely or chronically that you could&nbsp;&nbsp; have that would use...would deplete&nbsp; vitamin D? So that was another thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; I researched it but really couldn't find&nbsp; too much. I figure you would know this. [Dr. Patrick]: There's some&nbsp; evidence that like, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of like inflammation and,&nbsp; you know, like illness like which you're not. [Dr. D'Agostino]: My hs-CRP is, like, usually&nbsp; non-detectable or 0.1. And everything else,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, micronutrient status is really good. [Dr. Patrick]: I think it mostly comes&nbsp; down to the metabolism of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; forming the 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 and then also&nbsp; the brand of supplement. And then there's another&nbsp;&nbsp; thing about doing, like, a weekly dose versus&nbsp; daily. If you're doing a weekly dose that's&nbsp;&nbsp; really, really high, so if you're doing like&nbsp; 20,000, 50,000 IU a week, you're much less likely&nbsp;&nbsp; to have that huge variation in the concentration&nbsp; of the vitamin D supplement like for some reason.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems to be absorbed a little bit better&nbsp; too. But I don't know how much, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; how negligible that is in terms of what you're&nbsp; experiencing. I would say the SNPs is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; the big elephant in the room. So, super&nbsp; interesting. But I'm going to get back to... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Sure, the answer. [Dr. Patrick]: We're talking about acetoacetate&nbsp; and beta-hydroxybutyrate. I was interested in,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you kind of already sort of answered some&nbsp; of that question, if there's varying effects&nbsp;&nbsp; of these two...I'm calling them ketones. I&nbsp; think acetoacetates or ketone technically,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate's ketone body, you don't&nbsp; really hear that as much, but anti-seizure.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's one. Acetoacetate seems to really be&nbsp; important for that. Are there any other known...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Distinct effects of the two. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. There are. Well, we know&nbsp; like beta-hydroxybutyrate has epigenetic effects&nbsp;&nbsp; as far as activating, you know, histone&nbsp; deacetylase inhibition. And also there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something called beta- hydroxybutyrylation,&nbsp; similar to lag [SP]. So beta-hydroxybutyrate&nbsp;&nbsp; can directly interact with the histone&nbsp; to cause epigenetic modifications, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it has become the theme of my Ph.D. students&nbsp; dissertation to look at Kabuki syndrome,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a rare genetic disease, where the&nbsp; ketogenic diet in the lab of Hans Bjornsson&nbsp;&nbsp; at Johns Hopkins demonstrated that the ketogenic&nbsp; diet silenced these neurological abnormalities&nbsp;&nbsp; associated with this Kabuki syndrome, which is&nbsp; a rare genetic disorder, it causes seizures too.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we want to see if we can recapitulate&nbsp; this with ketone therapy using ketones as&nbsp;&nbsp; an...and metabolite to alter epigenetic effects.&nbsp; And so we have those studies going on right now. So, there's ketone induced epigenetic&nbsp; effects specific to beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe acetoacetate, but we don't know.&nbsp; Acetoacetate on the other hand has effects&nbsp;&nbsp; at least in muscular dystrophy in regards&nbsp; to increasing skeletal muscle regeneration,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it does it through an ERK-MEK cyclin D,&nbsp; I think, mechanism. So it's a very unique&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanism that was kind of new to me.&nbsp; But a pretty good publication came out&nbsp;&nbsp; using...showing that acetoacetate&nbsp; stimulates...so beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was going to go down the path, and acetoacetate&nbsp; too maybe have anti-catabolic effects. [Dr. Patrick]: Let's talk about that. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. The research that&nbsp; we've done uses an ester that elevates both&nbsp;&nbsp; of them and shown that it works in a model of&nbsp; cachexia. And we know that acetoacetate has&nbsp;&nbsp; an enhancement, as I said, proliferation or muscle&nbsp; regeneration, and beta-hydroxybutyrate as a fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; undoubtedly has anti-catabolic effects. And&nbsp; we know that when we administer, even in human&nbsp;&nbsp; studies, if we IV administer beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp; there's a sharp decrease in alanine, and also a&nbsp;&nbsp; preservation of branched-chain amino acids like&nbsp; leucine is elevated, and it prevents a drop.&nbsp;&nbsp; So alanine is like your main gluconeogenic amino&nbsp; acid that is liberated under conditions of stress,&nbsp;&nbsp; high cortisol, high gluconeogenesis, glucagon,&nbsp; things like that. We are going to liberate&nbsp;&nbsp; alanine as a gluconeogenic amino acid. It&nbsp; goes to the liver, we make glucose. And&nbsp;&nbsp; elevating ketones seems to reduce that. That&nbsp; could play into the anti-catabolic effects. [Dr. Patrick]: What are your thoughts&nbsp; on...? I'm interested in your thoughts on&nbsp;&nbsp; the anti-catabolic effects of ketones in various&nbsp; context of...I mean, I guess in human development&nbsp;&nbsp; or even, you know, with respect to humans that&nbsp; have different lifestyles. So, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; people that are physically active,&nbsp; more young, athletic versus people that&nbsp;&nbsp; are older and are battling sarcopenia, you know,&nbsp; versus people that are just sedentary. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone has...they have different protein&nbsp; requirements, you know, between these groups.&nbsp;&nbsp; How can ketogenic diets or&nbsp; perhaps supplementing with ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements sort of...? Can they have&nbsp; an effect on muscle mass in some way? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think so, and I think&nbsp; skeletal muscle... And maybe I'm a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; biased because I've always been super interested&nbsp; in strength training and weightlifting and things&nbsp;&nbsp; like that. But muscle mass is probably the&nbsp; most important factor for healthy aging. And&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing on building as much muscle as possible&nbsp; I think is super important in preserving that&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle with time. So, ketogenic diets are&nbsp; probably not optimal for adding as much&nbsp;&nbsp; size and strength as possible, right? But I do&nbsp; think they are important for preserving muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; while improving metabolic parameters like&nbsp; glycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and things like that.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do think the ideal strategy in the context&nbsp; of a calorie deficit to preserve muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; under that sort of condition, right? And it&nbsp; does it by a number of different pathways. So, I think the elevation of ketones one of the&nbsp; functions is to prevent muscle loss during periods&nbsp;&nbsp; of fasting, right? So with limited glucose&nbsp; availability or limited food availability,&nbsp;&nbsp; we start liberating fatty acids for fuel, and&nbsp; then the body makes ketones, and then the ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; provide energy flow to the brain, which has very&nbsp; high demands for glucose. If we didn't produce&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones, we would liberate a lot of alanine and&nbsp; other gluconeogenic amino acids from skeletal&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle, and we would quickly waste away and die.&nbsp; The fact that we're able to make ketones from&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty acids as a water-soluble fat molecule that&nbsp; could cross the blood-brain barrier, that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes our safeguard to catabolic processes that&nbsp; would allow us...cause us to waste away, right? And we are sort of wasting away in&nbsp; the context of a weight loss diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the context of intermittent fasting. So&nbsp; then the ketones come into play when we're in&nbsp;&nbsp; a calorie deficit like I said, but also when we're&nbsp; doing time-restricted feeding, I think the ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; provide an anti-catabolic effect. But from our&nbsp; perspective, we're super interested in ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; preventing age-related sarcopenia, skeletal&nbsp; muscle wasting associated with cancer cachexia.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that's important. And&nbsp; they're doing it I think not only&nbsp;&nbsp; providing in the context of a disease phenotype or&nbsp; a chronic aging phenotype, the alternative energy&nbsp;&nbsp; function is there, but the&nbsp; anti-inflammatory effects, I think. So with cachexia, for example, you have a high&nbsp; elevation of like IL-1 beta, TNF alpha, which used&nbsp;&nbsp; to be called cachexin I think as inflammatory&nbsp; media. So, the ketones then work through&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-inflammatory pathways that can mitigate the&nbsp; inflammation-induced muscle wasting associate. So&nbsp;&nbsp; we did a study with lipopolysaccharide, LPS. So&nbsp; LPS causes massive, you know, muscle wasting and&nbsp;&nbsp; sarcopenia with time. And in that model too, the&nbsp; ketones are protective in some ways by inhibiting&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the anti-inflammatory...inhibiting&nbsp; the inflammatory effects of LPS. [Dr. Patrick]: Do you think that...? People&nbsp; that aren't, for example, in a constant state&nbsp;&nbsp; of ketosis because they're on a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, but perhaps they would like to take,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, a supplement, ketone salt. Do&nbsp; you think that's something that...like the&nbsp;&nbsp; chronic elevation or the constant constituent&nbsp; elevation of these ketones that's important or&nbsp;&nbsp; little bumps throughout the&nbsp; day, you know, or something? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's a good question. So I&nbsp; get that a lot. And I think chronic ketosis is&nbsp;&nbsp; probably not natural or not ideal for most people&nbsp; unless you're managing a chronic disorder that's&nbsp;&nbsp; responsive to chronic ketosis like epilepsy and&nbsp; other metabolic disorders. But I'm a big believer&nbsp;&nbsp; in relative changes. So, even with intermittent&nbsp; fasting like I think I'm fasting today,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe I just had some ketone supplements but&nbsp; like yesterday I did. So I only do intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting probably two, maybe three times a week&nbsp; at the most because, if I did it every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel that I lose some of the benefits&nbsp; of it, I also lose too much weight. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't get enough calories. I end up eating&nbsp; too many calories at the end of the day. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the body works good. You know, relative&nbsp; changes are really good to the body. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a lot more...I personally get a lot&nbsp; more benefits doing intermittent fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; if I use it more intermittently, you know,&nbsp; right? I feel the benefits a little bit more. So I think the same is true with ketosis. And&nbsp; I think Dr. Valter Longo has a great idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea that... I actually gave it a lot&nbsp; of thought. So it was good to see that he&nbsp;&nbsp; came out, you know, with this idea of the&nbsp; fasting-mimicking diet being implemented for&nbsp;&nbsp; just a one week or five day&nbsp; period, right, per month,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that can have long-lasting metabolic&nbsp; benefits even throughout, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; weeks to even a month or more after you do that as&nbsp; far as resetting insulin sensitivity and improving&nbsp;&nbsp; different metabolic biomarkers. So I think chronic&nbsp; ketosis is probably not ideal for most situations&nbsp;&nbsp; unless you're doing...you're trying to get your&nbsp; insulin managed, you're trying to lose weight and&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain that weight loss over time, and you've&nbsp; had difficulty doing it with other types of diets. But I think there's so many different factors that&nbsp; need to come into play when you're choosing to do&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet, including monitoring. People&nbsp; really need to track nutrients, track calories.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some people put...you know, they eat a ketogenic&nbsp; diet is like 50% higher. So you can't eat... So, typically, you know, we have auto feedback&nbsp; full, but for some people, they don't work&nbsp; well. So they do need to count calories and&nbsp;&nbsp; macronutrients and track at least initially so&nbsp; they have some idea of how many calories we're&nbsp;&nbsp; eating. I know, until I started tracking calories,&nbsp; I had no idea how many calories I was eating.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I thought I was eating more like 3,000, but&nbsp; it was more like 4,200 pretty much every day. [Dr. Patrick]: I want to talk about these&nbsp; cyclical ketogenic diets, but before I go there,&nbsp;&nbsp; since we're talking about muscle and the&nbsp; anti-catabolic effects of ketones on muscle, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; also sort of interested in exercise performance&nbsp; as well like anaerobic exercise versus aerobic&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise if you are either on a ketogenic diet at&nbsp; that...you know, or doing some sort of modified&nbsp;&nbsp; or cyclical form of it, whatever it&nbsp; is, versus supplementation as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, like how being in ketosis affects, you&nbsp; know, some aerobic versus anaerobic exercise. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I get asked that question&nbsp; more than any other question, I think.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, in animal models, when you put them on&nbsp; a ketogenic diet...I think one of the first&nbsp;&nbsp; studies we did published at the Alzheimer's&nbsp; Institute at USF, the Byrd Alzheimer's,&nbsp;&nbsp; we didn't see a big robust effect on amyloid-β&nbsp; and tau. But we started the intervention&nbsp;&nbsp; after the pathology kicks in in these mouse&nbsp; models, so double and triple knockout. Although&nbsp;&nbsp; I think Dr. Veach and Dr. Mark Mattson, maybe&nbsp; they did ketone ester or started earlier in&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic intervention. But in our study,&nbsp; we didn't see any like major changes in&nbsp;&nbsp; tau or amyloid, but the mice like ran faster. They&nbsp; ran like 30% longer and faster on the treadmill,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was like remarkable. And I remember one&nbsp; of the PIs on the project, a very experienced&nbsp;&nbsp; Alzheimer's researcher was like, "Yeah,&nbsp; we've never seen anything like this."&nbsp;&nbsp; So that was an MCT supplemented ketogenic diet.&nbsp; We've done some research with ketone esters too. So performance, you know, in animal models, we&nbsp; see it in humans, the data is messy and it's hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sense of it. So my general opinion...my&nbsp; speculation is that ketones probably have a small&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on exercise performance in the context of&nbsp; aerobic performance. And in regards to strength&nbsp;&nbsp; performance, my ideas about that have been&nbsp; changing over the last couple weeks because&nbsp;&nbsp; we're giving ketone supplements to some CrossFit&nbsp; athletes, and they're breaking PRs. But I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it could be potentially a placebo effect. Since&nbsp; everyone...excluding one person out of dozens of&nbsp;&nbsp; people, I think there's maybe something more.&nbsp; But I think ketones with caffeine, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone salts with caffeine are a pretty powerful&nbsp; ergogenic aid. So I would loosely say that that's&nbsp;&nbsp; probably a performance-enhancing supplement, the&nbsp; combination of ketones caffeine and electrolytes. But I think where ketone shine is using exogenous&nbsp; ketones as a means to preserve performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; resilience in extreme environments. So that's in&nbsp; the context of hyperoxia. So that's what I study.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, of course, when you're not having a seizure&nbsp; and your neurological function is maintained and&nbsp;&nbsp; preserved in the context of extreme hyperoxia like&nbsp; three or four or five atmospheres of high-pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; oxygen, that's going to be advantageous. But on&nbsp; the other end of the spectrum is hypoxia, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; So a lot of people who are mountain climbing,&nbsp; running, cycling at hypoxia. We know&nbsp;&nbsp; if we put athletes on a treadmill or bike in&nbsp; a hypoxic environment and give them glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; that the performance-enhancing effects of glucose&nbsp; are not observed in hypoxia, which is kind of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, interesting. Whereas it's also shown&nbsp; that there may be an inhibition under hypoxic&nbsp;&nbsp; environments of pyruvate dehydrogenase. There&nbsp; might be some PDH deficiency or some snag or&nbsp;&nbsp; bottleneck in the metabolic pathway associated&nbsp; with glycolytic energy production under hypoxia. And you would think that hypoxia...you know,&nbsp; chronically, it activates like HIF-1 alpha, and&nbsp;&nbsp; you have increase in glycolysis and transporters&nbsp; and things like that. But in the context of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, exercise performance under hypoxia,&nbsp; carbohydrate supplements don't seem to help.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whereas there seems to be...and it was&nbsp; brought to my attention in a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; reviews and also serving on grant committees&nbsp; and stuff like that. There seems to be a&nbsp;&nbsp; good rationale for the use of ketones for&nbsp; fueling performance in a hypoxic environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that could be very strategic and beneficial&nbsp; in like a military setting or like a space,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, setting or altitude, you know, setting. My general feeling is that ketones have a small&nbsp; effect at increasing athletic performance. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there's only a few things that actually are&nbsp; powerful ergogenic aids. So we have caffeine.&nbsp;&nbsp; We have creatine monohydrate typically.&nbsp; There's other forms of creatine.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, beta-alanine kind of works&nbsp; pretty good. And a few other odds and ends,&nbsp;&nbsp; but, you know, there's just a pretty short list&nbsp; of ergogenic, you know, supplements out there.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do think that with time as we understand dosing&nbsp; and the application of specific types of ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; in certain settings that ketones will be added&nbsp; to that list, but I'm not sure it'll be in the&nbsp;&nbsp; top tier list. But I do think it would be in&nbsp; the top tier list under extreme environments. [Dr. Patrick]: What about swimmers or surfers? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think&nbsp; being in a state of ketosis could&nbsp;&nbsp; be beneficial from the context of like&nbsp; brain injury, inflammation, and maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; just, you know, the stress of being out,&nbsp; you know, in certain extreme environments,&nbsp;&nbsp; or when we're exercising too, we're overproducing&nbsp; oxygen-free radicals. And these impart an adaptive&nbsp;&nbsp; response to the muscle too. So there could be a&nbsp; benefit to increase oxidative stress. I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; real benefit of ketones are not...I'm talking&nbsp; about this in their response, and I think your&nbsp;&nbsp; question is in the response to an acute setting&nbsp; like consume ketones, go exercise, what happens. [Dr. Patrick]: Or be on a ketogenic diet. Yeah. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, where I think&nbsp; exogenous ketones will help...and when I&nbsp;&nbsp; was talking that they would be added to the&nbsp; shortlist of ergogenic aids is used chronically&nbsp;&nbsp; as an adaptive response. So when we exercise,&nbsp; a lot of bad things happen, if we pull blood,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's inflammation reactive oxygen&nbsp; species, things like that. If we use exogenous&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones chronically over time, I think it will&nbsp; help to facilitate the adaptive response to&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise over time, so suppressing inflammation or&nbsp; chronic inflammation, which would sort of enhance&nbsp;&nbsp; or augment adaptive responses to exercise over&nbsp; time. I think there's a good rationale for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the science is not there yet. But science is&nbsp; being done now. So like rodent studies are being&nbsp;&nbsp; done. I'm aware of a couple human clinical trials&nbsp; that are studying this. So, [crosstalk 01:23:16]. [Dr. Patrick]: And what about like doing a&nbsp; maximum effort like you're doing some kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; sprint? You know, because you do need... If you're&nbsp; going into a state where your mitochondria can't&nbsp;&nbsp; work hard enough to produce energy, you need&nbsp; glucose, right? If you take one of those big&nbsp;&nbsp; boluses of ketone ester, you drop your glucose,&nbsp; what's that going to do for your sprinting? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's a good point. So, one of&nbsp; the criticisms of the ketogenic diet was that it&nbsp;&nbsp; inhibits the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex. So,&nbsp; whenever we're doing carbohydrate restriction,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're limiting glucose availability but also&nbsp; lowering insulin. And by lowering insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; especially, that inhibits glycolytic enzymes&nbsp; like hexokinase. The transporter for glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; gets internalized into the cell if...you know,&nbsp; the glycolytic flux is essentially decreased. But&nbsp;&nbsp; I think if you follow a ketogenic diet where you&nbsp; intermittently add small amounts of carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; in, you can keep that PDH from being reduced. I've&nbsp; seen data to indicate that severe carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; restriction could decrease the production and the&nbsp; activity of PDH. This is actually what happens&nbsp;&nbsp; with Alzheimer's disease too. So, with Alzheimer's&nbsp; disease, it's pathophysiologically linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; impaired glucose metabolism. So if you&nbsp; do an FDG PET scan, the PET scan shows&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose hypometabolism in the brain scan. Ketones&nbsp; as an alternative energy substrate makes sense. In the context of, you know, athletes, you're kind&nbsp; of doing that with chronic ketosis. It decreases&nbsp;&nbsp; the glycolytic pathway, but your muscles and your&nbsp; heart and other tissues actually use fatty acids&nbsp;&nbsp; for a source of energy, the brain, not so much,&nbsp; right? And also, when you're on a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're feeding ketones to the brain. So&nbsp; the brain's kind of like a different story.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I do think that it gets overblown. I&nbsp; think, you know, very severe carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; restriction will decrease PDH, and then&nbsp; that will impair exercise performance&nbsp;&nbsp; with maximum exertion anaerobic. It's really&nbsp; important that if you do a low carbohydrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have to train under those conditions.&nbsp; Do you know what I mean? You can't implement&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet or low carb and then train and&nbsp; expect to maintain the same performance. You have&nbsp;&nbsp; to put your body into that state of ketosis and&nbsp; then train very hard to induce those adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; to make it possible for your body to perform&nbsp; and maintain your performance in the context of&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin suppression and low glucose availability.&nbsp; So those adaptive processes will then&nbsp;&nbsp; come to benefit you come game time or performance&nbsp; time where you can then titrate the carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; back in in small amounts. So this is&nbsp; just called metabolic flexibility, right? So, train low when your glucose is low and&nbsp; your insulin is low in a semi-fasted state,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that will induce metabolic adaptations, i.e.,&nbsp; metabolic flexibility that will then benefit you&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of the actual event where&nbsp; you can add and titrate carbohydrates back&nbsp;&nbsp; in or mix fuels. Really, you want to be able to&nbsp; optimally use glucose, you know, fatty acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate, ketone bodies,&nbsp; lactate too, which is an important fuel. One of the things that I used to take when&nbsp; I was mountain biking was Cytomax, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; alpha-L-polylactate, which is like lactate as an&nbsp; energy zone. My original interest in academia as a&nbsp;&nbsp; postdoctoral fellow was actually using lactate for&nbsp; brain injury like stroke and hypoxia. And I was&nbsp;&nbsp; tinkering around with that in a hippocampal brain&nbsp; slice preparation doing different measurements on&nbsp;&nbsp; that, and somehow I just got steered towards&nbsp; ketones. But I always wanted to revisit the&nbsp;&nbsp; lactate thing because, yeah, I think there's a&nbsp; lot that can be done in formulating more of a&nbsp;&nbsp; comprehensive multi-fuel delivery system for the&nbsp; brain. And lactate's been a bit under-appreciated&nbsp;&nbsp; and kind of stigmatized and criticized,&nbsp; but I think it's got a lot of potential. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Really, good info, Dom. You&nbsp; know, I've been reading some meta-analyses over&nbsp;&nbsp; the years about training in a fasted state versus&nbsp; fed state and how, you know, if you eat before,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, you go for a run or something, that,&nbsp; you know, a lot of the mitochondrial adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; can be blunted somewhat. And, of course, a lot of&nbsp; those studies are using high refined carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; like some toast with jam, you know, where... And&nbsp; I've always wondered like, you know, what... And&nbsp;&nbsp; there is like sort of a cut-off where if&nbsp; you're training in a fasted state for longer&nbsp;&nbsp; than an hour, you're going to have performance&nbsp; drop off, right? I've often wondered like if&nbsp;&nbsp; these studies were done using a more modified&nbsp; Atkins diet or some form of a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; those mitochondrial adaptations that are being&nbsp; blunted somewhat with, you know, a high refined&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrate fuel intake prior to exercise,&nbsp; I'd wondered, maybe that wouldn't happen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think it comes down&nbsp; to like nutrient sensing, right? I mean, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole thing going back to autophagy and like,&nbsp; you know...and just entering a state of ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; that if we're in a state where like AMP kinase is&nbsp; high, like M2 is low, you know, insulin is low,&nbsp;&nbsp; that whole pathway is low, when you exercise&nbsp; in that state, it may not optimize performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it will optimize the adaptations that could&nbsp; serve you later on for performance. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes time to... You might want to train&nbsp; sort of in a fasted state to induce adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; and then tinker around with different fuel sources&nbsp; periodically to see if you could further augment&nbsp;&nbsp; your performance, you know. That's why we need&nbsp; to really periodize our training under certain...&nbsp;&nbsp; There's, you know, training to force adaptations&nbsp; and then there's sort of game day nutrition,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is going to be a little bit&nbsp; different than training nutrition&nbsp;&nbsp; if we want to force that...you know,&nbsp; if we want to maximize our performance. But one thing you don't want to do is actually&nbsp; radically switch your dietary approach or&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement approach just prior to...you know,&nbsp; you don't want to train for an event and be like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I want to start slamming, you know, MCTs&nbsp; and ketone esters and stuff on game day." No,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to experiment with it very methodically,&nbsp; you know, before you do that. I do believe that&nbsp;&nbsp; the health benefits are really important&nbsp; when it comes to exercise, you know, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then...not only the health benefits, but I&nbsp; think you're going to get more adaptation&nbsp;&nbsp; in regard to...maybe not so much for powerlifting&nbsp; and strength training and things like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think for aerobic performance and&nbsp; just cardiovascular benefits and just&nbsp;&nbsp; actually benefiting at the level of the skeletal&nbsp; muscle and the nervous system too benefits. [Dr. Patrick]: So speaking of the nervous system,&nbsp; this is one area where in my opinion ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets really shine. What has thoroughly&nbsp; convinced me is, you know, just the overwhelming&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence that you've talked about with the effects&nbsp; on the brain and epilepsy and other types of brain&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders but also some of the preclinical studies&nbsp; that have come out of our mutual friend Dr. Eric&nbsp;&nbsp; Verdin, and I know John Ramsey also did some&nbsp; publications where they fed mice. In the case&nbsp;&nbsp; of Dr. Verdin's study, midlife, they started a&nbsp; cyclical ketogenic diet. And I'd love to get your&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts on why...he said the reason they did&nbsp; it was because the mice were overeating, which&nbsp;&nbsp; I found to be interesting because I've always&nbsp; been satiated on a ketogenic diet. But anyways. [Dr. D'Agostino]: A lot of&nbsp; nuance Eric [crosstalk 01:31:32]. [Dr. Patrick]: Yes. Let's get into that.&nbsp; But also the thing that was so striking,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know much more about the details of these&nbsp; studies than I do, but the effects. I mean, their&nbsp;&nbsp; health span was improved. So their median lifespan&nbsp; was improved. They were dying less earlier, but&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum lifespan I guess wasn't affected. But the&nbsp; effects on the brain and cognition like he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, that these...the older mice&nbsp; had better cognition than younger mice.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when he said that, I mean, I&nbsp; was, you know, like that's really. [Dr. D'Agostino]:&nbsp;&nbsp; Things are magnified in rodents. So I'll say&nbsp; as far...and especially [crosstalk 01:32:10] [Dr. Patrick]: Yes. So my question is, do you&nbsp; think this is going to translate to humans? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Rodent model studies&nbsp; are in very, very informative, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanistically, not always predictive. Some of&nbsp; the nuances is that there's different strains&nbsp;&nbsp; of rodents that will overeat ketogenic diets. Like&nbsp; early studies before, some colleagues were feeding&nbsp;&nbsp; it and said, "This is not gonna work. They're&nbsp; hoarding the food. They're eating. They're getting&nbsp;&nbsp; blown up." There's like this is obesogenic, you&nbsp; know. So the high fat... There's a lot of high-fat&nbsp;&nbsp; diet research that detractors of ketogenic diet&nbsp; will point to and say, "This diet is...you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; causes all these bad things." But that's a&nbsp; westernized obesogenic high-fat diet. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what Dr. Verdin used and Ramsey...so they did&nbsp; actually the study that I really wanted to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they probably did it better than I could&nbsp; ever do. They have really great molecular&nbsp;&nbsp; tools and everything, and they did it in a very&nbsp; clever way. From my understanding, they did...&nbsp;&nbsp; And the results were to be expected. You know,&nbsp; I think the results are what I would expect. So my understanding is that they did the cyclic&nbsp; ketogenic diet because, yeah, they didn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; them to gain weight, which could negate. So, I&nbsp; have to look to see what animal model they used,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the C57BL/6 mice will eat a ton of the&nbsp; ketogenic diet food, and they don't gain weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whereas other...depending upon the strain. And&nbsp; then we have the VMDk mice that we use for our&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer research, and they tend to... It corrects&nbsp; their eating behavior, meaning that if you give&nbsp;&nbsp; them a standard diet, ad libitum, they just gain&nbsp; weight like a couch potato. But a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; they will lose weight and everything improves. So&nbsp; they're like the other end. The C57BL/6 are kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of like athlete mice, I think, where the other&nbsp; models are more like sedentary mice. They are not&nbsp;&nbsp; as active. But what we found... I have to&nbsp; look exactly at the feeding protocol. But when&nbsp;&nbsp; we did a little bit of calorie restriction...our&nbsp; calorie restriction is just putting, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 or 6 grams of food into it every day,&nbsp; and then they eat it within an hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they essentially fast for 23 hours. [Dr. Patrick]: [crosstalk 01:34:30]. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So it's kind of more like...&nbsp; But you have to individually house the animals,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, you know, sometimes if you house them&nbsp; together, they'll start, like, fighting and eating&nbsp;&nbsp; each other because they're kind of hungry. But&nbsp; one thing that we saw very consistently early on&nbsp;&nbsp; is that a mild amount of calorie restriction makes&nbsp; these mice like super mice. Like they become...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, they're thinking faster. They are really&nbsp; thriving in the context of a calorie deficit,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think that goes back to human evolution&nbsp; too. So, we survive today because we undoubtedly&nbsp;&nbsp; experience food scarcity and limited food&nbsp; availability, and in the context of being hungry,&nbsp;&nbsp; that enhanced our cognition and even exercise&nbsp; performance to be able to acquire resources,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So the same thing I think is&nbsp; happening in their mice, and it could be... I have to look at the weights of the mice, but&nbsp; a lot of it's kind of like weight dependent and&nbsp;&nbsp; producing that energy deficit. But you just get&nbsp; a whole plethora of things to happen in regards&nbsp;&nbsp; to suppressing age-related chronic diseases&nbsp; with just a little bit of dietary restriction&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to unmask this probably because,&nbsp; with a standard rodent chow-fed ad libitum,&nbsp;&nbsp; they overeat, and it just basically fuels&nbsp; metabolic derangement that contributes to&nbsp;&nbsp; early-onset age-related chronic diseases and&nbsp; also the formation of spontaneous tumors.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think in their studies maybe with both&nbsp; or at least one...maybe both studies showed&nbsp;&nbsp; a suppression of spontaneous tumors too.&nbsp; So, this has major implications, I think. We're very interested in actually taking animal&nbsp; models that have inducible tumors, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, various genes that will kick on at&nbsp; 200 days and then form spontaneous tumors or a&nbsp;&nbsp; melanoma model where you subject to UV radiation.&nbsp; And if they're fed a ketogenic diet, can you&nbsp;&nbsp; suppress that? People don't do these studies&nbsp; because the NIH doesn't really fund like cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; prevention research. I feel like these are the&nbsp; most important studies that need to be done. You&nbsp;&nbsp; put a variety of different rodent strains under&nbsp; different conditions that are known to like induce&nbsp;&nbsp; tumors, and you feed them, you know, a low carb&nbsp; diet or ketogenic diet that you could actually&nbsp;&nbsp; feasibly maintain and do. And you see if you could&nbsp; suppress these spontaneous tumors. But that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; they did in this experiment, and they showed, like&nbsp; you said, an enhancement of cognitive and learning&nbsp;&nbsp; ability relative. The older mice learned better&nbsp; than the younger mice [inaudible 01:37:09]. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I know in John Ramsey's&nbsp;&nbsp; publication. Dr. Verdin mentioned also in the&nbsp; podcast when we had him on a few years ago that&nbsp;&nbsp; they had a time-restricted feeding aspect&nbsp; to it because they were feeding the animals&nbsp;&nbsp; proportions of very specific proportions.&nbsp; They were only given their food, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; when the people...the scientists were going&nbsp; there into the house and giving them the food.&nbsp;&nbsp; So they had this sort of dietary restriction&nbsp; component to it. Whereas Verdin's they were ad&nbsp;&nbsp; libitum. They were cyclic. They were going on the&nbsp; cyclic ketogenic diet. And Ramsey's data was more&nbsp;&nbsp; pronounced, like you mentioned, the combination&nbsp; of the dietary restriction plus ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to be like secret sauce in a&nbsp; way. But, you know, to me, it was... And again, like you said, you know, the animal&nbsp; rodent research isn't necessarily predictive of&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going to be, you know, occurring in humans,&nbsp; but it certainly is promising in my opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp; It got me very interested in it and, you know,&nbsp; I've got nerve degenerative diseases on both&nbsp;&nbsp; sides of my family, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's.&nbsp; So I'm very interested in, you know, any types of&nbsp;&nbsp; lifestyle... And I also have genetic factors there&nbsp; at play as well. I'm certainly very interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; any sort of lifestyle factors that can mitigate&nbsp; that genetic risk, which as we know there are many&nbsp;&nbsp; things that you can do in your lifestyle that can&nbsp; help. Doing some sort of modified ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; cyclical maybe, you know, because it is for me&nbsp; hard to sustainably do it all the time, you know. [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's where intermittent&nbsp; fasting kind of comes in too because people&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to tinker around with their... I mean,&nbsp; the foods that we eat are super important just&nbsp;&nbsp; like eliminating processed sugar, carbs, things&nbsp; like that. That's going to move the needle, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; quite a bit. But there are some people that I know&nbsp; like family member and [inaudible 01:39:08] There&nbsp;&nbsp; are just some people who are not going&nbsp; to count carbs even to do that. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just not going to happen. But eating&nbsp; within a predetermined time window is pretty easy&nbsp;&nbsp; for...that's like a good introduction. Once you&nbsp; start doing that, then you start realizing how&nbsp;&nbsp; good you feel in this mild state of ketosis. And&nbsp; then you start maybe...that becomes the entry&nbsp;&nbsp; point to where you start manipulating your&nbsp; food and your macros and things like that. [Dr. Patrick]: So what happened with me totally&nbsp; in that very order. I mean, I'd practice a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of time-restricted eating and started to&nbsp; notice in the mornings with stuff. It was like&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just so much sharper and my anxiety was a&nbsp; little bit lower, you know, believe it or not,&nbsp;&nbsp; while I was not eating. So I decided to experiment&nbsp; with ketogenic diet, and while I did do it,&nbsp;&nbsp; as you mentioned earlier in this podcast, one of&nbsp; the most pronounced things I noticed, and this is&nbsp;&nbsp; totally subjective, was my anxiety level was so&nbsp; much lower. I mean, very noticeably. I'm somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; of an...I mean, I've got some anxiety, you&nbsp; know, that can kind of kick in, and that was... [Dr. D'Agostino]: High performers&nbsp; are like that though. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; like pretty much [crosstalk 01:40:17] personality.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, sure. And then you leverage that&nbsp; into productivity. Yeah, I think. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I felt like&nbsp; it was very noticeable for me&nbsp;&nbsp; with the anxiety. And then, you know, it's&nbsp; like that feeds into if it's affecting anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; what else in the brain is it affecting, you know,&nbsp; cognition wise? You know, if you're anxious,&nbsp;&nbsp; it does sort of limit cognition in a way. It can&nbsp; kind of like, you know, distract you and so... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And you did this back like in&nbsp; grad school you started doing this? I started&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it. Like before big talks, I would chew&nbsp; on a propranolol and hold it to get like a&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-blocker. I like needed this when I was like&nbsp; in grad school I think in my early...And then I&nbsp;&nbsp; realized as I think I got into my postdoc&nbsp; and I started tinkering with intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting at first and then just carb, I was&nbsp; like, "Wow, this is how I feel," you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially when I kind of dieted and brought my&nbsp; weight down a little bit, it's like, "Wow, I just&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like super calm." It's like, "I can't even&nbsp; get anxious under certain conditions." So, it... [Dr. Patrick]: Well, I didn't do a ketogenic diet. [Dr. D'Agostino] ...like a&nbsp; nootropic, it almost too. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Well, I didn't do the&nbsp; ketogenic diet until of recent. Like this was like&nbsp;&nbsp; last summer. But caloric restriction, I used to&nbsp; do a lot of that combined with exercise as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I was kind of like...I was getting in&nbsp; ketosis, you know, without having to do... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Exercising ketosis. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. I mean, I was running...this&nbsp; was like even before grad school but like early&nbsp;&nbsp; in grad school. I was running like 10 miles&nbsp; a day, and I was doing that like four to five&nbsp;&nbsp; times a week. So I was running [inaudible&nbsp; 01:41:47]. I had gone almost to an extreme&nbsp;&nbsp; too where it was like I changed my menstrual&nbsp; cycle where I wasn't getting it, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; because I was very active. I was doing a lot&nbsp; of caloric restriction. I felt great. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; I really did. That was actually a long time&nbsp; ago, and it wasn't until like sort of...my&nbsp;&nbsp; time-restricted eating when I had Sachin&nbsp; [SP] on the podcast back in 2015, I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's when I really got hardcore about trying&nbsp; to like time my timing with my food intake and&nbsp;&nbsp; following that really, you know, obsessively&nbsp; for the last, you know... has it been like&nbsp;&nbsp; six or seven years? That's really helped.&nbsp; But the ketogenic diet was also unique. I&nbsp;&nbsp; do want to sort of incorporate that into my...&nbsp; I want to do some kind of cyclical version of&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I really want to and I want to, you know,&nbsp; measure my biomarkers and all that, which I... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And do them together. [Dr. Patrick]: And do them together. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you're still&nbsp; going to do intermittent fasting. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. And do them&nbsp; together, you know, as well. [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's the key. Like&nbsp; people think it's one or the other, whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; but low carb intermittent fasting, so just a&nbsp; modified. Low carb intermittent fasting probably&nbsp;&nbsp; has more benefits than chronic ketosis, eating&nbsp; like throughout the day I think for a normal&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy person. And maybe even therapeutically for&nbsp; managing...because I'm communicating with adults&nbsp;&nbsp; that have epilepsy and they're following ketogenic&nbsp; diet. They breakthrough seizures. But then they&nbsp;&nbsp; take the same diet, same calories, and then do&nbsp; an intermittent... And this is not promoted in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world of epilepsy, but when they take their&nbsp; ketogenic diet where they're having breakthrough&nbsp;&nbsp; seizures and they implement time-restricted&nbsp; feeding, then they get seizure control again. And I think the people in the trenches know this.&nbsp; Like the neurological teams and dietitians, they&nbsp;&nbsp; realize, "Hey, well, if you can do this." It's not&nbsp; part of the medical literature, but they know this&nbsp;&nbsp; intuitively just because of the information&nbsp; people are putting out, all the information&nbsp;&nbsp; on intermittent fasting. You know, Mark Mattson&nbsp; has been studying this stuff since the '90s, and&nbsp;&nbsp; I first stumbled upon his stuff in grad school.&nbsp; And I always kept his papers with me. I was like&nbsp;&nbsp; showing people. I was like, "Look at this. Why&nbsp; don't people looking at this research? It's like&nbsp;&nbsp; so important." I haven't read his book yet, but&nbsp; he has a new book out to it. [crosstalk 01:44:01]. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, he does. Yeah, we have... [Dr. D'Agostino]: He inspired me. I think that's&nbsp; how I got inspired into the ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was looking at the calorie&nbsp; restriction and then fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that led me to ketones. But&nbsp; it was Mattson actually that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; sparked my fire, and then that led&nbsp; me to some of the ketone researchers. [Dr. Patrick]: I asked Mark this question when&nbsp; he was on the podcast, and I'll kind of ask it&nbsp;&nbsp; to you in reverse. And that is...you've&nbsp; already sort of touched on it, but like&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you think the overlap between being on&nbsp; a ketogenic diet...a modified ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is with intermittent fasting, whether&nbsp; we're talking about these epigenetic&nbsp;&nbsp; changes with beta-hydroxybutyrate being an&nbsp; epigenetic modulator, a signaling molecule,&nbsp;&nbsp; autophagy's one that I'm&nbsp; very interested in as well? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Two things in my mind,&nbsp; insulin and insulin signaling like IGF-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, activation of AMP kinase, IGF-1, mTOR,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also the ketones as a drug-like mediator on&nbsp; not only alternative energy substrate but also as&nbsp;&nbsp; a drug-like mediator for all these different&nbsp; things like suppression of inflammation,&nbsp;&nbsp; activating epigenetic effects, and things&nbsp; like BDNF, which I think I... You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mattson's work actually showed that many of the&nbsp; benefits of intermittent fasting were associated&nbsp;&nbsp; with beta-hydroxybutyrate-induced growth factor&nbsp; effects on like BDNF and things like that. So I&nbsp;&nbsp; see there's the hormonal effects of intermittent&nbsp; fasting are replicated with the ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then the hyperketonemia that's associated&nbsp; with intermittent fasting in the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; then have their own effects through&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that's two main things, but there's a whole...it's&nbsp; pleiotropic, right? So the ketogenic diet. I've given talks to pharmaceutical companies&nbsp; where I go there and they say, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's key in on the mechanisms that we can sort&nbsp; of drugify," right? But the end summary slide&nbsp;&nbsp; is like a dozen or more mechanisms, and there's&nbsp; probably many more that are all sort of working in&nbsp;&nbsp; synergy. And I think that becomes the reason why&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works when drugs fail because&nbsp;&nbsp; you have drugs work through a GABAergic mechanism,&nbsp; these drugs work through suppressing glutamate.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have a variety of anti-epileptic drugs&nbsp; that work through different pathways, but&nbsp;&nbsp; combinations of them used in high dose&nbsp; often work initially then they fail,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then patients are put on a ketogenic diet&nbsp; and it works. So the ketogenic diet is working&nbsp;&nbsp; through a mechanism independent of what we&nbsp; know these pharmaceutical drugs are working.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that becomes...you know, the complexity&nbsp; of metabolism is very...it's like daunting,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? And to key in on something that's&nbsp; really having... And it could be depending... The etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown, and&nbsp; the ketogenic diet seems to work through all these&nbsp;&nbsp; different types of epilepsy, whether it's like&nbsp; tonic-clonic, there's Dravet syndrome, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; different metabolic disorders, absence seizures.&nbsp; And the ketogenic diet seems to work across all&nbsp;&nbsp; these different seizure types probably because&nbsp; working through all these different mechanisms. [Dr. Patrick]: What do you&nbsp; think about a ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders&nbsp; like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think there are different&nbsp; subtypes of Alzheimer's disease. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think the etiology of Alzheimer's is complex,&nbsp; and there is probably a metabolic phenotype that&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. Bredesen talks about like in his book. And I&nbsp; think that phenotype would be very responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet where, I don't know, you would&nbsp; potentially screen for these patients by doing an&nbsp;&nbsp; FTG-PET scan. And if you see, you know, there's&nbsp; like brain atrophy, but if you see a dim PET scan,&nbsp;&nbsp; then a metabolic intervention may be&nbsp; a good, you know, approach for that. But I can tell you just by communicating&nbsp; with hundreds of patients over the years,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works remarkably well for&nbsp; some patients and has no effect on others.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think it's ever hurt or decreased&nbsp; anyone's cognitive, you know, capacity or&nbsp;&nbsp; anything that I'm aware of. I get biased feedback&nbsp; and people are telling me that it's working,&nbsp;&nbsp; but, you know, I've seen it not work too. Dr. Mary&nbsp; Newport was one of the people that really inspired&nbsp;&nbsp; me in the beginning. I actually brought her to&nbsp; University of South Florida, and she actually&nbsp;&nbsp; gave a lecture. She used to lecture for some of&nbsp; my classes. And at the time...the early times she&nbsp;&nbsp; would bring her husband, Steve. So I don't know&nbsp; if you know that there was a case report written&nbsp;&nbsp; on the use of beta-hydroxybutyrate ester as a&nbsp; therapy. And this case report was her husband. And I witnessed that her husband...she had many&nbsp; more years, well, you know, years maybe like&nbsp;&nbsp; five or six years just from an outsider looking&nbsp; in. It seemed like she had that amount of time&nbsp;&nbsp; extra with her husband to spend because of&nbsp; the ketogenic intervention. The early part,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was just coconut oil, and then she realized&nbsp; that coconut oil had medium-chain triglycerides&nbsp;&nbsp; and then found the patent by Accera,&nbsp; AC-1202. And the active ingredient was&nbsp;&nbsp; caprylic triglycerides. So she went out and bought&nbsp; MCTs and then had an effect, but then learned&nbsp;&nbsp; about the ketone ester and the ketogenic diet and&nbsp; was administering that, and that was helping him. When 2009 she was a guest speaker in my class&nbsp; and then we went out to eat, and her husband was&nbsp;&nbsp; shaking with Parkinson's disease-like symptoms,&nbsp; he had Alzheimer's disease. And then he had a vial&nbsp;&nbsp; of MCT and coconut oil. And when he consumed&nbsp; that, within about 15 to 20 minutes the tremor&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped and he became animated and was commenting&nbsp; on our conversation. So when I saw this in 2009,&nbsp;&nbsp; I realized that he was not really...it wasn't the&nbsp; food he was eating. He consumed that supplement,&nbsp;&nbsp; it elevated MCTs in his blood, which&nbsp; can also cross the blood-brain barrier&nbsp;&nbsp; but produce a state of hyperketonemia, and that&nbsp; acutely stopped the tremors he was having and&nbsp;&nbsp; he became more animated. And that was... Being in contact with her and seeing this and&nbsp; witnessing it and also seeing his clock test&nbsp;&nbsp; and Mini-Mental Status Exam or State Exam&nbsp;&nbsp; convinced me to go in that direction for&nbsp; my research. So there's no doubt he was&nbsp;&nbsp; a metabolic phenotype, but he was also APOE4&nbsp; positive, so which is very interesting, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; because we talked about, you know, different&nbsp; dietary interventions. So there was no doubt. In the study of Accera in AC-1202, the APOE4&nbsp; phenotypes were the ones that were not responsive&nbsp;&nbsp; to hyperketonemia, but he's APOE4...and he&nbsp; was responsive, and I saw it with my own eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that motivated me. Actually, the first&nbsp; study that we did was an Alzheimer's mouse study&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Alzheimer's Center. And then I developed&nbsp; the ketone ester because the funding agency&nbsp;&nbsp; did not want to look at the diet per se. So we&nbsp; focus on the ester later in the seizure studies. [Dr. Patrick]: It seems like, you know, in&nbsp; particular with some of these neurodegenerative&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders like Parkinson's disease, I mean,&nbsp; you mentioned the tremor that, you know, the&nbsp;&nbsp; standard care of treatment, you know, like&nbsp; carbidopa-levodopa [SP], there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; terrible side effects with time. And if there&nbsp; was another possible either adjunct treatment or&nbsp;&nbsp; alternative in some way or something, that it&nbsp; should really be explored more. For example, if&nbsp;&nbsp; you could. I mean, ketogenic diets are so widely&nbsp; accepted now for epilepsy. Like what about some of&nbsp;&nbsp; these other brain disorders? Is there any movement&nbsp; in research to kind of push to our understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; of whether or not ketosis is going to be&nbsp; beneficial for other types of brain disorders?. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. It's so much&nbsp; easier to do a ketone supplement as&nbsp;&nbsp; opposed to a ketogenic diet for a...randomized&nbsp; controlled clinical trial is very hard with&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet, right? But with a supplement,&nbsp; you can have a control, you can do things. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think those studies are happening, and we&nbsp; know that, you know, just by virtue of the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet altering brain metabolism, brain&nbsp; pharmacology, we know...I mean, I observe early&nbsp;&nbsp; on that this is going to be important for many&nbsp; different neurological disorders and cancer too. So, that's why we got steered towards, you know...&nbsp; So I didn't want to initially, you know, study&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer, but the data was so compelling that we&nbsp; should at least test this. And it became a whole&nbsp;&nbsp; another track in my research, you know, that we're&nbsp; doing in the lab. I think we are, but it's slower&nbsp;&nbsp; to go in that direction. And we really do need&nbsp; clinical trials before we can start prescribing&nbsp;&nbsp; these things to people, the ketogenic diets or&nbsp; the supplements. I mean, that's happening now. But there's groups of people&nbsp; getting together...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, there's a group that I'm involved in&nbsp; that's associated with metabolic psychiatry,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they are looking at dietary interventions&nbsp; for a broad range of psychiatric disorders. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be depression, that could be bipolar.&nbsp; Even eating disorders like anorexia is under the&nbsp;&nbsp; umbrella of a psychiatric disorder. So there's a&nbsp; lot of potential interventions there. And there's&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trials, but the data is not there yet&nbsp; to, you know, be able to prescribe this to that. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, people are out there&nbsp; experimenting with ketogenic diets. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements that you can buy on Amazon.&nbsp; There's a certain element of, you know, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; families out there that are wanting to&nbsp; try different lifestyle, dietary changes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Talking to their physician about them&nbsp; is, you know, obviously recommended,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I mean, they're doing it, they're trying them.&nbsp; And I can tell you like so my mother has...she has&nbsp;&nbsp; the different types of tremors, essential tremor,&nbsp; she's got orthostatic tremor, she also gets&nbsp;&nbsp; migraines. And she did do the ketogenic diet with&nbsp; me. Somewhat she like cheated a lot more than I&nbsp;&nbsp; did. But I also have given her ketone supplements,&nbsp; and it's noticeable. And it's the reason why she&nbsp;&nbsp; even tried to...was wanting to try the ketogenic&nbsp; diet because she's very much addicted to refined&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrates. But it, I mean, noticeably stops&nbsp; her essential tremor and somewhat her orthostatic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is her legs when she stands still, but&nbsp; noticeably the essential tremor and the migraines. And this is totally anecdotal. So I'd love to&nbsp; hear your thoughts on it. She will take a ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement. Ester has worked for her and ketone&nbsp; salts. So she's done the Ketostart, and it totally&nbsp;&nbsp; takes away her migraine, which is phenomenal&nbsp; because I'm not a big fan of the migraine&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine that she used to take. But she gets&nbsp; migraines that are debilitating. Like she can't... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Oh, yeah, good&nbsp; rationale for migraines. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, I get, I mean, a lot of&nbsp; emails about that. I try...because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a researcher, I go in the other direction and&nbsp; try not to oversell it as much as I can because... [Dr. Patrick]: Totally. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, I mean, that's just not&nbsp; very academic. So, I get so much feedback and I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; so excited. I want to cut and paste things and&nbsp; put it on social media about responses because&nbsp;&nbsp; people even send blood work or test results or&nbsp; their doctor. But I'm very cautious to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; because I know the power of placebo, I know the&nbsp; power but... I know what I saw years ago. The&nbsp;&nbsp; stopping of tremors and becoming animated was not&nbsp; placebo because the patient at the time didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; really know that he was...what he was taking,&nbsp; really. I mean, he was pretty far advanced. But in regards to migraines, a Ph.D. student by&nbsp; the name of Dr. Elena Gross. So we wrote a review&nbsp;&nbsp; together, which kind of highlighted many of the&nbsp; benefits associated with migraines. So she was a&nbsp;&nbsp; person who had crushing migraines and discovered&nbsp; that the ketogenic diet and then later ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements could recapitulate that and actually&nbsp; help to manage her chronic migraines that she had.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it was likely just like the ketogenic diet&nbsp; for epilepsy is working through multi-modal&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanisms, so by probably increased&nbsp; GABAergic tone, increase brain blood flow. Some people get migraines because of like an&nbsp; increase in blood flow in some people because of&nbsp;&nbsp; vasoconstriction. And we know that the ketogenic&nbsp; diet and exogenous ketones increase adenosine.&nbsp;&nbsp; And from our metabolomic data, adenosine, I&nbsp; was not really interested in it at the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; was like many fold higher&nbsp; relative...it was a thing that was&nbsp;&nbsp; really hot on our metabolomics data. I was like,&nbsp; "Oh, this is very interesting." So, I recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; adenosine as a very powerful vasodilator&nbsp; for cardiovascular, you know, physiology. So, when you fast or even when you go&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet, when you fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; blood flow to the brain can increase by 30%.&nbsp; So it's an acute. You can acutely elevate it&nbsp;&nbsp; and probably through this adenosinergic&nbsp; mechanism. So there's adenosine,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's probably dramatic effects&nbsp; on brain blood flow, on, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; neurotransmitter systems, energy systems. And&nbsp; also neural inflammation can trigger a seizure. I don't like to go to anecdotal evidence but I&nbsp; have...a lot of people will contact me that have&nbsp;&nbsp; like herpes simplex or shingles or different&nbsp; things where the virus like attacks their body,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the first sign that they get is like a&nbsp; crushing headache. And then they get like&nbsp;&nbsp; full-body inflammation, and then they&nbsp; get like sores if it's like shingles&nbsp;&nbsp; or something like that. And they'll&nbsp; start fasting or they'll acutely use&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone esters or ketone salts. Actually, they've&nbsp; been using...I've been recommending it and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "Okay, please, give me...you know,&nbsp; give me feedback." And I've been giving them&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations or not recommendations. I've been&nbsp; suggesting this as a potential way to mitigate the&nbsp;&nbsp; inflammatory cascade, and the feedback has been&nbsp; pretty remarkable that they can basically stop,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, an episode from...you know,&nbsp; like shingles or herpes simplex. And the same thing happens. They get crushing&nbsp; headaches, and then usually, that's a sign that&nbsp;&nbsp; the virus is starting to shed, and it produces,&nbsp; you know, changes in the brain. Systemic&nbsp;&nbsp; inflammation contributes to neuroinflammation,&nbsp; which contributes to the headache, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; usually you get the cascade kind of after&nbsp; that. So, it has worked through a variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of different people, and people get headaches for&nbsp; different reasons. So I think it's kind of like&nbsp;&nbsp; Alzheimer's where you're going to get...you know,&nbsp; a certain phenotype will be more responsive to... And I probably should mention&nbsp; that there's products on Amazon&nbsp;&nbsp; that people are using, ketone salts, where&nbsp; they take it and it gives them a headache.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I've taken some of these because, you&nbsp; know, I try to test as many things as possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there are supplements out there,&nbsp; quite popular ones, where I consume it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then I just get like a headache...almost&nbsp; like a caffeine headache or something like that&nbsp;&nbsp; after that. That's a very reliable sign that&nbsp; there's something wrong with that supplement. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're getting headaches from supplements,&nbsp; and I've gotten quite a few emails about this,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I know there's listeners out there listening&nbsp; to this, I would say change the ketone supplement&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're taking. And it could be the&nbsp; electrolytes, it could be contaminants,&nbsp;&nbsp; purity, potency, tolerability, gut issues. If&nbsp; it disrupts your gut, that could contribute&nbsp;&nbsp; to a headache. But I am firmly of the opinion that&nbsp; ketogenic diet and fasting. Fasting was also used&nbsp;&nbsp; for headaches. So ketogenic diets, fasting, and&nbsp; exogenous ketones can be used to manage migraines. [Dr. Patrick]: The other area that kind of is&nbsp; interesting and leads into the carnivore thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; we mentioned it earlier, and it&nbsp; is an interest of mine as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; is autoimmune disease. And I know there's been&nbsp; some preliminary evidence...well, last I checked.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe there's been more since then. So I haven't&nbsp; done a ton of reading on that, but with ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diets actually helping with autoimmune disease.&nbsp; I know there's been also a lot of work with&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting, fasting-mimicking diets&nbsp; helping with autoimmune disease. And so there,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, might be some overlap with ketosis&nbsp; from either a ketogenic diet or fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; helping with a variety of types of autoimmune&nbsp; disorders. I mean, I know you're not...you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to say ketogenic diets are&nbsp; going to help with autoimmune disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems like a promising area&nbsp; to continue to research as well. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. There's a couple... I&nbsp; was just teaching one of my classes. Yeah. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a couple studies on MS and other, of&nbsp; course, GI-associated autoimmune, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders. And I'm not an immunologist. I mean,&nbsp; we do some work, you know, in measuring, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; immune factors like cytokines and chemokines and&nbsp; things like that. I can say that we know that&nbsp;&nbsp; dietary interventions...nutritional interventions&nbsp; can be powerful modulators of the immune system.&nbsp;&nbsp; And in some cases, a hypersensitive&nbsp; immune system will contribute to&nbsp;&nbsp; increased intestinal permeability. So intestinal&nbsp; hyper-reactivity is an immune response,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that intestinal hyper-reactivity will always&nbsp; lead to intestinal permeability, which can lead to&nbsp;&nbsp; impairing...you know, exacerbating an autoimmune&nbsp; condition. So I think dietary interventions are&nbsp;&nbsp; working through that way too and maybe suppressing&nbsp; some of the inflammatory mediators, IL-6,&nbsp;&nbsp; IL-1beta, TNF alpha, things like that. So, the&nbsp; ketogenic diet interesting can also augment the&nbsp;&nbsp; immune system in ways that makes it hyper-vigilant&nbsp; and being able to detect things like cancer cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? The ketogenic diet enhances the anti-cancer&nbsp; immunity of people that are following it. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, really? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, a&nbsp; colleague of mine, Dr. Adrienne Scheck,&nbsp;&nbsp; did research with a glioblastoma cell&nbsp; line showing enhanced cancer-specific&nbsp;&nbsp; immune regulation, you know, with a dietary&nbsp; intervention. She was also using radiation.&nbsp;&nbsp; And also I think it needs to be appreciated&nbsp; that there's a lot of people who are against&nbsp;&nbsp; the standard of care, but I think the standard&nbsp; of care in the context of the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is a much more synergistic approach. So, when&nbsp; you give radiation, when you give chemotherapy,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's stimulating autophagy and it's&nbsp; stimulating tumor lysis syndrome.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you're actually like breaking down...you have&nbsp; bits of tumor that are entering circulation. And it's not really talked about. I always think&nbsp; about it in this way, when you give someone chemo,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's killing cancer cells, and then you're&nbsp; stimulating autophagy and tumor lysis syndrome,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that's stimulating the immune system.&nbsp; So, you know, I think chemotherapy, in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; is carcinogenic, it's bad, but it's also&nbsp; stimulating the immune system to then&nbsp;&nbsp; attack the cancer cell. In the context of a&nbsp; ketogenic diet, that a ketogenic diet, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's calorie restricting, is stimulating&nbsp; cancer, it's putting metabolic stress on cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cells and actually stimulating autophagy sort&nbsp; of in cancer cells, is stimulating cancer cell&nbsp;&nbsp; death. And it makes the tumor more sensitive&nbsp; to chemotherapy and radiation. So you have&nbsp;&nbsp; more tumor die off and you're also protecting&nbsp; the normal healthy cells. And it's augmenting&nbsp;&nbsp; the immune system in a way that's actually&nbsp; stimulating it more to attack the cancer. So what I'm saying here is probably you&nbsp; can't go to any publication, but we just&nbsp;&nbsp; know from tumor biology that, you know, when&nbsp; you stimulate...when you kill cancer cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, through any means, you can have this&nbsp; process called tumor lysis syndrome, which could&nbsp;&nbsp; kill the patient if you do it too abruptly,&nbsp; right? But that's why we're very, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; adamant in advocating a more gradual approach,&nbsp; which would be like ketogenic diets, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolic drugs, and also hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp; therapy, or something that we studied. But it needs to be acknowledged and recognized&nbsp; that chemotherapy and radiation also work by&nbsp;&nbsp; stimulating the immune system, and it works&nbsp; better in the context of a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; which makes the immune system more&nbsp; hypervigilant to be able to recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; and attack the cancer cells. So, there's a&nbsp; lot of research being done on that now. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I know the Moffitt Cancer Center, which&nbsp; is by USF, is very interested in immune-based&nbsp;&nbsp; therapies and using ketogenic diets to enhance&nbsp; like PD-L1 inhibitors like checkpoint inhibitors. A paper just came out in a pretty high-impact&nbsp; journal, I forget the name of the journal. But&nbsp;&nbsp; it showed that PD-L1 inhibitors were greatly&nbsp; augmented in the context of the ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet. And even metabolic drugs like the PI3 kinase&nbsp; inhibitors are remarkably effective and promising,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they have a counter-regulatory effect at&nbsp; increasing insulin. So when we take these things,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can target tumor metabolism, but there's&nbsp; also an increase in insulin. And in the context&nbsp;&nbsp; of insulin suppression with a ketogenic diet,&nbsp; that can unmask and augment and greatly enhance&nbsp;&nbsp; PI3 kinase inhibitors. So Dr. Lou Cantley is&nbsp; really spearheading some of that work. And I've&nbsp;&nbsp; been in contact with a few of the patients&nbsp; in that that are doing like really well.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they're using a ketogenic diet to enhance,&nbsp; you know, the efficacy of that treatment. [Dr. Patrick]: I know glioma.&nbsp; Gliomas are one type of cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; to seem to be responsible [crosstalk&nbsp; 02:06:05] evidence suggest, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. That was my first interest&nbsp; in...because I started doing hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp;&nbsp; and I saw some...I saw, like, cancer cells&nbsp; exploding under hyperbaric oxygen. So this&nbsp;&nbsp; got me very interested in cancer, it was that. And&nbsp; I didn't know why they were exploding. And we had&nbsp;&nbsp; a dye that was looking at superoxide&nbsp; production in the cytosol and also in&nbsp;&nbsp; the mitochondria. So what I would see&nbsp; is that the mitochondria would light up&nbsp;&nbsp; really quick. We were doing optical sections&nbsp; with a laser scanning confocal microscope,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can see that superoxide production was&nbsp; ramping up like super-high and super-fast when&nbsp;&nbsp; we hit it with oxygen. And then I would see&nbsp; the mitochondria disappear and then like the&nbsp;&nbsp; cells would rupture. So they're exploding. So&nbsp; we're giving high-pressure oxygen, and the tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; cells were taking that oxygen, and because the&nbsp; cancer cells have defective mitochondria, they&nbsp;&nbsp; put out proportionally more superoxide&nbsp; anion, which then can be converted to,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, hydrogen peroxide and more reactive&nbsp; intermediates like hydroxyl radical. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; that damages membrane lipids and then you get&nbsp; rupturing of the cells. So I was like seeing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was like, "This is very interesting."&nbsp; And what it was telling me is that...I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; know why it was happening but later found&nbsp; out about the Warburg effect where you have&nbsp;&nbsp; an altered metabolism. Like some people say the&nbsp; Warburg effect is the cancer cell sort of changing&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism for its own benefit to redirect&nbsp; nutrients and biomolecules to the biosynthetic&nbsp;&nbsp; anabolic production of...you know, for the&nbsp; expanding biomass of the tumor. So that's why. And other people like Warburg said it was damaged&nbsp; respiration leads to compensatory fermentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the sugar cell consumes more glucose. But it&nbsp; was sort of looking at this effect which got me&nbsp;&nbsp; very interested in cancer in ways to target&nbsp; sort of cancer cells and then manipulate the&nbsp;&nbsp; substrates. So, that actually was the precursor&nbsp; to our cancer work with ketones because I was&nbsp;&nbsp; using hyperbaric oxygen, and then under different&nbsp; conditions, I started growing cancer cells and&nbsp;&nbsp; feeding them glucose and ketones. And then I&nbsp; would take away the glucose and keep the ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the cancer cells would die. And then I&nbsp; would have glucose, and when I added ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would decrease proliferation. So this is&nbsp; before I ever published anything, but it was&nbsp;&nbsp; like...it got the wheels turning, and I was like,&nbsp; "There's something that needs to be studied here." So I had a few different med students replicate&nbsp; each other. So they could replicate it. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that gave me some confidence. And then a&nbsp; Ph.D. student came along, Dr. Angela Poff,&nbsp;&nbsp; who's hosting Metabolic Health Summit with...&nbsp; So she's now a research associate and does&nbsp;&nbsp; research among other things. And then she&nbsp; actually moved this to the animal model,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp; and then later ketone supplementation. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; was a synergistic combination. So, the modified&nbsp; ketogenic diet we used was we took out the lard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we put like a large percentage of the fat.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe 40% was MCTs and then we also&nbsp; used omega-3 fats with flaxseed oil. At the time, I was very interested in MUFAs&nbsp; and PUFAs. We looked at what ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; researchers were using. I was like, "Well,&nbsp; let's make our own." So, we did like 20%&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of like 10%, you know, protein. We&nbsp; did like 20% or more protein, 20% to 25%.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we replaced the fats with essentially&nbsp; MCT, flaxseed oil, and then we put some fiber&nbsp;&nbsp; in there too. And then that became the diet we&nbsp; actually use for the Alzheimer's research, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then we use this diet for our cancer research. And&nbsp; our effects were pretty robust, and I often think,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, was it because we were using, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a diet high in like, you know, omega-3 oils&nbsp; and we just... We also had higher protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I think was a little bit beneficial. But&nbsp; we had high ketones. So we did different diets&nbsp;&nbsp; and this diet especially with the MCTs gave us&nbsp; higher ketones and seemed to work really well. [Dr. Patrick]: Wow, super-interesting. What&nbsp; about, you know, the different...? There's&nbsp;&nbsp; different types of cancer, and I know we were&nbsp; discussing this a little bit earlier, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the potential for some types of cancer at least&nbsp; in rodent studies to, you know, maybe metabolize&nbsp;&nbsp; some ketones and use them in a positive way to&nbsp; benefit the cancer cell. Is that something...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: There's no doubt they do.&nbsp; So there's a little bit of... Cancers are more&nbsp;&nbsp; heterogeneous than we'd sort of like to believe. I&nbsp; think the field at large believes that, and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; why we have all these different cancer therapies.&nbsp; There are some cancers that are very responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet. But when I think of&nbsp; the ketogenic diet as a cancer therapy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think of it as...I don't think of the&nbsp; hyperketonemia treating the cancer cells. The&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic efficacy of the ketogenic diet is&nbsp; through insulin suppression and suppressing the&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin pathway, limiting glucose availability,&nbsp; and also to some extent elevating ketones. We know&nbsp;&nbsp; this because, if we put exogenous ketones into a&nbsp; standard diet, we can extend the life of animals&nbsp;&nbsp; that have metastatic cancer. So we've published&nbsp; that in the "International Journal of Cancer." But&nbsp;&nbsp; what was happening was when you put the ketones&nbsp; in the standard diet food, they probably eat a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit less, and it's also lowering blood&nbsp; glucose and changing metabolic physiology.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it may not be... And then the reviewers&nbsp; rightly asked, they said, "Well, go do a&nbsp;&nbsp; calorie restriction group." So we took a&nbsp; standard diet and calorie-restricted like 25%,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we saw an increase in survival,&nbsp; but it was nowhere near the increase in&nbsp;&nbsp; survival from adding the ketones to the&nbsp; standard diet. So we did that control. So to get back to your question,&nbsp; yeah, I think, you know, brain tumors,&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive, you know, solid tumors, endometrial&nbsp; cancers, maybe certain GI cancers, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; lung cancer, you know, are responsive.&nbsp; The cancers that are associated with&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolic derangement are probably responsive,&nbsp; also cancers that are more aggressive or more&nbsp;&nbsp; glycolytic. So they're more likely to&nbsp; respond. And brain cancers are a good&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer to study because you get seizures&nbsp; with brain cancers and because the tools, the&nbsp;&nbsp; treatments are so limited. Like glioblastoma we&nbsp; just know that standard of care does not work. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to use something. A dietary approach can&nbsp; then potentially make the existing drugs work or&nbsp;&nbsp; augment the many different factors that could make&nbsp; the brain cancer more responsive to the tumor. But there are different mutations. There's one&nbsp; for melanoma, BRAF V600E mutation, I believe,&nbsp;&nbsp; which changes the tumor metabolism in a way that&nbsp; can actually maybe cause acetoacetate to be used&nbsp;&nbsp; as fuel. Some cancers may respond to ketones in&nbsp; ways that are different than other cancer cells&nbsp;&nbsp; like the brain tumor cells that we've studied in&nbsp; the lab. So, in particular, there's a melanoma&nbsp;&nbsp; cell line at least that has BRAF V600E mutation, I&nbsp; believe. And those cancer cells have been shown to&nbsp;&nbsp; use acetoacetate as potentially an energy source&nbsp; but also for biosynthetic reactions. And I suspect&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a variety of different cancer cells&nbsp; that can use ketones, not only as a biosynthetic&nbsp;&nbsp; molecule, but maybe even for energy too. But&nbsp; I think largely, cancer cells that are more&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive have reverted back to a glycolytic&nbsp; phenotype where they're primarily relying&nbsp;&nbsp; on fermentable fuels, and that includes&nbsp; glucose and glutamine are the two fuels. And cancer cells that are more glycolytic and&nbsp; very sort of damaged in their respiration due&nbsp;&nbsp; to the hypoxia of expanding tumor mass. So, as a&nbsp; tumor grows, it outstrips its ability to supply&nbsp;&nbsp; blood flow and oxygen to the tumor. So it&nbsp; becomes hypoxic, and that further damages&nbsp;&nbsp; the mitochondria. So it causes the tumor to&nbsp; be more glycolytic and less of the oxidative&nbsp;&nbsp; phosphorylation pathway. So, literally, this&nbsp; would mean that tumor cells...especially the&nbsp;&nbsp; core of expanding tumor biomass would not be able&nbsp; to use ketones as an energy source because it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; mitochondrial energy, you know, event. So in that&nbsp; way, we think that ketones are not, you know, an&nbsp;&nbsp; ideal fuel for tumors, and in our model systems,&nbsp; you know, it's very clear that they cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; run...in the absence of glucose, tumor cells&nbsp; die, whereas even in the presence of consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose when we add ketones, there seems to&nbsp; be a decrease in proliferation. And we think&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be due to a ketone-induced decrease&nbsp; in hexokinase, which is a glycolytic enzyme.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there's a lot of potential I think for using&nbsp; ketogenic diets as, you know, an adjuvant therapy&nbsp;&nbsp; and then maybe some potential as using exogenous&nbsp; ketones as a means to influence the tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; microenvironment and also to influence essentially&nbsp; the metabolism of the tumor as a whole. [Dr. Patrick]: And also as you&nbsp; mentioned earlier with Dr. Eric,&nbsp;&nbsp; Verdin, and John Ramsey's co-published&nbsp; studies, there was a reduction...I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a possible preventative, you know,&nbsp; mechanism as well with at least...according&nbsp;&nbsp; to animal research, there being a reduction&nbsp; in spontaneous tumors in these rodents seems&nbsp;&nbsp; promising to study, you know, as&nbsp; well if there's any way we can reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer incidents. You know, it's always easier&nbsp; to not get cancer than to try to treat it. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Exactly. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: So, you know, that's also really&nbsp; a sort of interesting and promising field that... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I mean, those results&nbsp; were impressive, so suppressing tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; growth through probably IGF-1 and mTOR and&nbsp; just suppressing...keeping inflammation low,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many other, you know, biomarkers&nbsp; I think it's optimizing to do that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if we take these ketogenic diets and optimize&nbsp; it with specific phytonutrients and we add some&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber in and we add...then it becomes difficult to&nbsp; figure out what's doing what. But I do feel that&nbsp;&nbsp; there's some synergy in optimizing a&nbsp; ketogenic diet with plant, you know, fiber and&nbsp;&nbsp; phytonutrients that we know have anti-carcinogenic&nbsp; effects like curcumin and turmeric and EGCG, and,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's groups at the Cancer Institute&nbsp; that spend their whole life studying just a&nbsp;&nbsp; handful of these phytonutrients, and they&nbsp; show that it has remarkable chemo-prevention&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. So we should be incorporating these&nbsp; into the ketogenic diet [crosstalk 02:17:43] [Dr. Patrick]: Which brings us to the all meat,&nbsp; no carbohydrate diet really briefly, I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; the carnivore... There's a lot of people that&nbsp; sort of feel like they've done a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they need to graduate somehow to another&nbsp; level of zero carb. What are your thoughts on...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Well, I'm not sure&nbsp; if it's like...I think it's going back&nbsp;&nbsp; towards kindergarten. There's no doubt that a&nbsp; carnivore diet is beneficial for some people,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think it's therapeutic in some ways. It&nbsp; is a form of a ketogenic diet. I followed it,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually felt pretty good on it subjectively, but&nbsp; objectively, my biomarkers were...my LDL I think&nbsp;&nbsp; almost doubled on it. And then my triglycerides&nbsp; started to creep up. So this was a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of a concern for me. Like if you have...the fat&nbsp; pathways were a little bit backed up. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have an inborn error metabolism like&nbsp; carnitine deficiency either primary or secondary,&nbsp;&nbsp; a telltale sign is like an elevation of&nbsp; triglycerides, hypoketonemia, and then you have&nbsp;&nbsp; like, you know, a lot of...a cascade of different&nbsp; things. Like you're just not metabolizing fat&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as you should be. Whereas we know that&nbsp; certain omega-3 fatty acids can actually increase&nbsp;&nbsp; the carnitine, you know, transferase and actually&nbsp; augment fat oxidation, certain fatty acids can. For me personally, I felt good...I felt fine,&nbsp; but my blood work was a little bit concerning.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when I went back to just adding more fish and&nbsp; omega-3 fats and more plants back into my diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe it was a fiber, maybe it was phytonutrients,&nbsp; I felt just as good, but I brought my biomarkers,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially my triglycerides came back down again.&nbsp; But I think, you know, it depends on the type of&nbsp;&nbsp; meat that you're eating, the amount of food that&nbsp; you're eating. If you're eating the carnivore diet&nbsp;&nbsp; and creating a calorie deficit while you're doing&nbsp; it, I think it could be beneficial. But I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think it's something that would be sustainable or&nbsp; optimal long-term. So it could be sustainable. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is for a number of people that I know. But&nbsp; I guess the question is, is it optimal? And&nbsp;&nbsp; I have no science. I'm not aware of any science&nbsp; that supports a carnivore diet as optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; for treating anything. Although I've been in&nbsp; communication with people who have benefited&nbsp;&nbsp; greatly from it. So I'm not going to criticize&nbsp; it too harshly. It is a form of a ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Again, as you mentioned,&nbsp; it's like, well, are these people severely&nbsp;&nbsp; caloric restricting themselves? Are they just&nbsp; getting off of a terrible diet that's...?&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, there's so many factors. And&nbsp; again, it's like, well, you know, to me... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And the lack of fiber. [Dr. Patrick]: Lack of fiber and, you&nbsp; know, the phytonutrients, which... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Which kind of brings it&nbsp; back to the fiber issue too, right? Because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's obvious that we could do well off&nbsp; no fiber at all. So the question is like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, is fiber necessary? I don't think&nbsp; it's necessary, but I think it's optimal. So&nbsp;&nbsp; I think excluding it all together is not doing our&nbsp; bodies any favor. And I think when we add it back&nbsp;&nbsp; in...there's just so much good data on fiber that&nbsp; it's hard to ignore. So that's why, you know... [Dr. Patrick]: What do you think&nbsp; the colonocytes and like getting&nbsp;&nbsp; the butyrate from fiber like what&nbsp; do you think is happening in the gut&nbsp;&nbsp; in someone with a no fiber diet? Like the butyrate&nbsp; is so incredibly important for gut health. [Dr. D'Agostino]: It is. Yeah. And&nbsp; it's a primary fuel for colonocytes. [Dr. Patrick]: It is. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I don't know. I do know that if&nbsp; it caused, like, a massive disruption of the gut&nbsp;&nbsp; microbiome and intestinal permeability, it would&nbsp; show up on blood work as like hs-CRP elevation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mine trended...it actually went up like from 0.1&nbsp; to like point 0.2 or 0.3, but that's like... So I&nbsp;&nbsp; think humans are omnivores, and they're incredibly&nbsp; adaptable to any kind of diet. And I think that&nbsp;&nbsp; dietary diversity might be a good thing. But&nbsp; you have, you know, populations of people&nbsp;&nbsp; like in Africa or other areas where they&nbsp; just eat like one food all the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it could be like some cornmeal or&nbsp; it could be whale blubber in another,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they do perfectly well. They survive,&nbsp; they live a healthy life. It's just&nbsp;&nbsp; staggeringly remarkable that we have the metabolic&nbsp; flexibility and adaptation to eat almost anything. You know, the question is what is optimal? Should&nbsp; we even be eating such a huge diversity of things?&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think that could be beneficial at&nbsp; least. You know, it gives us an array of&nbsp;&nbsp; different things that we can eat and we're&nbsp; grabbing nutrients from different areas. But&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. I am kind of a little bit neutral on the&nbsp; carnivore diet. I think it's beneficial for some,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it's sub-optimal as a ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: And as you mentioned, there's&nbsp; just a lack of empirical evidence. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; there's [crosstalk 02:22:49],&nbsp; which again is confounded&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time by many things. But there's&nbsp; really not a lot of research that have&nbsp;&nbsp; been done on...I mean, published and&nbsp; peer-reviewed and, you know, actually... [Dr. D'Agostino]: But there are people&nbsp; doing it and they're thriving on it and&nbsp;&nbsp; they've corrected, you know, various...everything&nbsp; from autoimmune disorders. You know, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; superhigh achievers. You have Shawn Baker,&nbsp; who's just like a physical specimen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he's just eating nothing but&nbsp; meat and doing very well and has...I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know. I haven't seen his blood work, but&nbsp; I think it's okay. I mean, he's smart enough. I&nbsp;&nbsp; do think that if you're eating a carnivore diet&nbsp; and you're getting surplus amount of calories,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I kind of did because I added just a few&nbsp; pounds, and I think that negatively affected&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of my blood work. But if you eat a carnivore&nbsp; diet and a calorie deficit, then I think it could&nbsp;&nbsp; be therapeutic and potentially helpful. So it all&nbsp; comes down to calories. People ask me if calories&nbsp;&nbsp; matter. I think they most certainly do, and I&nbsp; think we need to appreciate that because a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of the ketogenic diet community, they said&nbsp; don't count calories, just count carbs or,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, the calories don't matter if you&nbsp; eat this way. But calories absolutely matter. [Dr. Patrick]: You mentioned having&nbsp; a...you do intermittent fasting sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; cyclically. Like how many times a&nbsp; week or how many meals a day? Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, is it something&nbsp; that you alternate each week? [Dr. D'Agostino]: My normal pattern is to have&nbsp; like a small ketogenic breakfast and then more&nbsp;&nbsp; or less fast through. Midday I'll have like a&nbsp; ketone supplement or maybe a small coffee but not&nbsp;&nbsp; past 2. And then I eat, we eat dinner typically&nbsp; between like 5 and 6. I probably try not to do&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit later if I'm working late, sometimes&nbsp; it's later. But I consume most of like 80%&nbsp;&nbsp; of my calories between the 6 and 9 p.m. I know&nbsp; 9 sounds kind of late, but we go to bed around,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, 11. But I get the bulk of my calories&nbsp; probably with dinner, which is around like&nbsp;&nbsp; five or sixish. A lot of my protein too. But in&nbsp; the morning I eat a ketogenic breakfast. Lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've been eating waffles and making waffles.&nbsp; There's different ketogenic waffle recipes&nbsp;&nbsp; that are really, really good. So I've been&nbsp; experimenting in the kitchen a bit with my wife. [Dr. Patrick]: What about your exercise routine? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I try to do some form&nbsp; of exercise every day. I mean, we have some&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty...we live on a farm, so farm work occupies&nbsp; probably about 10 to 20 hours a week of my time&nbsp;&nbsp; doing...and that's good outdoor activity, getting&nbsp; sun, exercise around the cows. We walk our dogs,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, usually like twice a day. And then I&nbsp; do resistance training no less than twice a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sometimes I try to get four times a week if I&nbsp; can. I like to do a lot of bodyweight exercises.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think when you're traveling and you're&nbsp; pretty busy, like chin-ups, push-ups, dips.&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of...chin-ups are probably like one of my&nbsp; favorite exercises, pull-ups, chin-ups. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: And then you're&nbsp; doing some hot tub therapy. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Hot tub&nbsp; therapy. Yeah. So your article on&nbsp;&nbsp; sauna and just hyperthermia in general. So I did&nbsp; some experiments measuring my core temperature and&nbsp;&nbsp; showed that I can...getting the hot tub to about&nbsp; 105 to 110, I can get my body temperature up to&nbsp;&nbsp; about 102 within about 15 minutes. And I really&nbsp; believe in looking at the literature, and also&nbsp;&nbsp; after I do this, I then measure...well, I've&nbsp; measured my glucose, and my blood pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; comes down and it seems to be...I'm like my blood&nbsp; pressure is like the lowest it's ever been, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like 97 over 60 or something or 58 or something.&nbsp; It's really low. And I always trended on the&nbsp;&nbsp; higher end of systolic especially like 130, 140. I&nbsp; think during grad school was like 145 consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; systolic pressure, always ran a little bit&nbsp; higher systolic, although I carried more mass&nbsp;&nbsp; at the time. But the one thing that has really&nbsp; moved the needle in my blood pressure has been,&nbsp;&nbsp; not changing anything and just doing what&nbsp; I'll call heat therapy with the hot tub... [Dr. Patrick]: That's awesome. [Dr. D'Agostino]: ...brought it down 5%&nbsp; to 10%. And I was like measuring like&nbsp;&nbsp; five times a day blood pressure&nbsp; throughout the day because I became...I&nbsp;&nbsp; would love to have a continuous blood&nbsp; pressure monitor. That would be really cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; But my continuous glucose monitor with the&nbsp; Levels Health app is very insightful and&nbsp;&nbsp; gives information, and I can do like a comparison&nbsp; of this meal versus that meal and sauna versus,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, cold. I can mark it, time mark it and&nbsp; do a CGM comparison with [crosstalk 02:27:26] [Dr. Patrick]: What's the best way to measure&nbsp; your actual ketones? Is it blood, breath? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Good question. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Best versus also most&nbsp; like easy for people as well. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're both kind of important. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Again,&nbsp; like people don't like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it depends. So that's my answer to a&nbsp; lot of things. So it's context-dependent.&nbsp;&nbsp; The clinicians that are managing epilepsy&nbsp; patients say that urine is great,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're not going to change from urine, and&nbsp; they're doing...because they don't want to prick&nbsp;&nbsp; the kid's finger too, right? So I did blood.&nbsp; I like using the glucose ketone index. [Dr. Patrick]: What is that? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It's your glucose over ketones&nbsp; in millimolar concentration. So, if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting, it takes me about 72 days...72 hours to&nbsp; get...although the guy fasted for 360 or 80 days.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fasting for 72 hours gets my glucose ketone index&nbsp; to one where my glucose comes down to about 3&nbsp;&nbsp; millimolar and my ketones come up to 3 millimolar.&nbsp; So that would be a glucose ketone index of one.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I haven't measured LC3 and&nbsp; other components of the autophagosome,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's my belief that achieving and sustaining a&nbsp; glucose ketone index of one for 24 hours will&nbsp;&nbsp; induce and perhaps maximize autophagy. No&nbsp; doubt that you can get more benefits five,&nbsp;&nbsp; seven days, but then at five days and seven days,&nbsp; I see a suppression in testosterone and other&nbsp;&nbsp; things I don't like. So, for me, three days is&nbsp; like the sweet spot. I can achieve a glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone index of one. And then my breath acetone&nbsp; is off the charts. And I think breath acetone&nbsp;&nbsp; is probably your best ketone to measure if&nbsp; you want to lose fat. So, all the carbons&nbsp;&nbsp; of the acetone you're blowing off essentially&nbsp; are from fat. So, when you look at the device&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's reading like 40, it's like you're just&nbsp; like basically exhaling fat carbons from that. Breath acetone is great because with&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate I could be at 2&nbsp;&nbsp; or 3 millimolar and just walk around the house or&nbsp; do some activity, and then I'm back down to like&nbsp;&nbsp; below one. That's because your body is&nbsp; using the beta-hydroxybutyrate as fuel.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you have a calorie deficit, you have&nbsp; high tissue uptake of beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Whereas my breath acetone seems to be more&nbsp; stable and a better correlate of fat oxidation.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it's also easier. So if you're blowing&nbsp; into a breath acetone meter five times a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a lot of money in strips and a lot of&nbsp; poking your finger. So I use the Readout Health&nbsp;&nbsp; Biosense device. And I don't know. I've blown&nbsp; into mine like 1000 times, and that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; cost-prohibitive from a ketone monitoring&nbsp; perspective and a lot of finger pricks&nbsp;&nbsp; associated with that. And it has a pretty cool&nbsp; app and also a fasting sort of meter in with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think they collaborate with Zero Fasting. So&nbsp; I think there's some collaboration there, but it&nbsp;&nbsp; can show you if you're doing a fasting and using&nbsp; that. Although it's more of a clinical device,&nbsp;&nbsp; but now it's broken into more mainstream. So it's&nbsp; an FDA-approved class 1 or whatever, physical&nbsp;&nbsp; device...medical device for measuring ketones. And I became interested in acetone because&nbsp; it correlates with seizure control. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; acetone does. So, I recommend it to parents&nbsp; who have kids that are managing and they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want their fingers pricked and the urine&nbsp; ketone strips are not very accurate. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; to answer your question, I think both blood&nbsp; ketone measurements. If you're just starting&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet, it may be good to just&nbsp; use urine to say yes you're in ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not. It's like semi-quantitative. And&nbsp; then spend the money to get a ketone meter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like the Keto-Mojo device is probably one of the&nbsp; best, and then a breath acetone meter is good&nbsp;&nbsp; for people who are doing fasting and for people&nbsp; that are really interested in like weight loss. [Dr. Patrick]: What about using blood&nbsp; glucose levels as a proxy? Like is there...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's like super interesting.&nbsp; Yeah. We had an NIH workshop sort of on this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I brought this up as a continuous ketone&nbsp; monitoring or continuous glucose monitoring&nbsp;&nbsp; system. And now you have the ketone&nbsp; monitoring system with app. It has Lingo&nbsp;&nbsp; device now, which does like glucose, ketones,&nbsp; lactate, and also alcohol. But a CGM device&nbsp;&nbsp; is like the ultimate device to look at dietary&nbsp; adherence to a ketogenic diet because it should&nbsp;&nbsp; be...the trace should be completely flat, and if&nbsp; there's big excursions, then that person is not on&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet. I guess if they're under stress&nbsp; or they're exercising really hard, you might get&nbsp;&nbsp; a blip, but generally speaking like a CGM trace&nbsp; is a very, very good way to tell if someone is&nbsp;&nbsp; adhering to a ketogenic diet. So these things&nbsp; should be used I think, and generally speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; the community also feels that this needs to be&nbsp; used. But it's an off-label use at this time. [Dr. Patrick]: Is there like a level&nbsp; that's like a range or does it vary?&nbsp;&nbsp; Like would you...if you were to&nbsp; give an estimate guesstimate. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Of what? [Dr. Patrick]: Of blood glucose level to like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: For a ketogenic diet? [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. To say, like, "I'm probably&nbsp; in ketosis because my blood glucose levels are X." [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Well, I could show you&nbsp; on my... So, what was very interesting when I&nbsp;&nbsp; woke up this morning, I spiked 40 milligrams per&nbsp; deciliter. I've never seen that before like ever.&nbsp;&nbsp; So my CGM trace typically looks like...oh,&nbsp; probably now it's going to be...maybe I'm excited&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe it's all over the place, but it's going&nbsp; to look like... I added, like, an extra 30 so it&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't go off negative during everything. But&nbsp; right now if you subtract 30 from that number,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what your CGM trace should look like&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet. You've worn a CGM before. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. I need to get a new one. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So I'm 74. Yeah.&nbsp; But when I woke up this morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had a big...I only had maybe like four&nbsp; and a half hours of sleep or something.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it could be that, it could be the&nbsp; different time zone or something like that. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, yeah, totally. That was the&nbsp; first thing I learned from my CGM was...because&nbsp;&nbsp; I started wearing it when my son was like&nbsp; four or five months old. I was waking up&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple times to breastfeed. I mean, so my&nbsp; sleep was insanely disrupted and fragmented,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my blood glucose was just...it was just&nbsp; going out of control. And it was always on&nbsp;&nbsp; the nights when I was like waking up multiple&nbsp; times and not getting enough sleep. And that was,&nbsp;&nbsp; like, one of the biggest things I learned&nbsp; from my CGM that was surprising to me. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Where were your&nbsp; highs? Like how high were your highs?&nbsp;&nbsp; So mine spiked to almost like 130 or 140, and&nbsp; that's unheard of. Like I've never seen that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that just could be due to the time change&nbsp; and getting about half of the normal sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; that I get. I mean, I feel fine now. Okay.&nbsp; Yeah. But it was just highly variable. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I can't recall. It's been too many&nbsp; years, but they were...yeah. It was something&nbsp;&nbsp; like that. It was above 120, you know, like&nbsp; where it was like, this is postprandial level,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, like this is pretty, you know,&nbsp; intense, you know, like a robust effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; High-intensity training. I was doing a lot&nbsp; of spin class and stuff like hour-long like&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty intense spin. That would help. So if&nbsp; I do the spin and then have the disruption&nbsp;&nbsp; that night after the spin, it was way better.&nbsp; Like my glucose was way better. So like the&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise totally helped negate some of the&nbsp; glucose dysregulation that I was having.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know what exactly was happening&nbsp; about my glucose spiking so high. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that was also a learning. I learned so much from&nbsp; the CG, and I haven't worn it for a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; months because I have to...I think I'm going to&nbsp; do Levels because my prescriptions like expired. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Levels is great. [Dr. Patrick]: Now I'm like, "Okay,&nbsp; I think I'm going to move to Levels." [Dr. D'Agostino]: I'm not going to mention the&nbsp; other, but I did a couple different companies&nbsp;&nbsp; and I just wore it. Well, they're in beta now.&nbsp; The difference about Levels is that it's kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of coaching you, and you also have the option&nbsp; to...I mean, you could just push and get to a&nbsp;&nbsp; nutritionist. So I guess that's good for people.&nbsp; Maybe not like us but for the average. But it has&nbsp;&nbsp; so many features built in. Where I exercise,&nbsp; it'll say, you know, "What did you do here? We saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that you exercised." It learns my body. Even if I&nbsp; have a cup of coffee in the morning, it learns my&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of dawn effect. And I just take a picture&nbsp; of my food. It marks it and then it sends me an&nbsp;&nbsp; email the next day of the picture of my food,&nbsp; my average glucose effect, my metabolic score,&nbsp;&nbsp; and things like that. So it's so easy.&nbsp; Otherwise, I mean, you could just buy a CGM&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess if you had someone prescribe it to you and&nbsp; just look at the CGM trace and then make your own&nbsp;&nbsp; inference. As long as I engage with the app and&nbsp; I take a picture of my food and everything, I get&nbsp;&nbsp; the email the next day, and that tells me what&nbsp; happened to my glycemic response the whole day.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it also gives me a weekly thing. So all I&nbsp; have to do is just engage with the app once a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it sends me like a daily report and also a&nbsp; weekly report where I could see like every day. And there's so many features. I don't&nbsp; even use like 90% of the features but&nbsp;&nbsp; I use like 10% of the features and it's very&nbsp; useful to me.So we're doing a clinical trial&nbsp;&nbsp; right now with CGM. And people have app&nbsp; fatigue. Not everybody wants to be on an app&nbsp;&nbsp; all day. But you can engage with it as much as&nbsp; you want or just, you know, engage with it two&nbsp;&nbsp; or three minutes per day is enough to really be&nbsp; getting a lot of insight into your own metabolism. [Dr. Patrick]: Just wearing the CGM&nbsp;&nbsp; without even having to do all the app stuff&nbsp; really helped me figure out what foods that&nbsp;&nbsp; I should be eating and portion sizes and&nbsp; all that stuff because it was like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: What were&nbsp; your biggest surprises? [Dr. Patrick]: The cooked spinach was the one&nbsp; because I was like, "Oh, the sugar and it has&nbsp;&nbsp; a low glycemic." But what you said makes&nbsp; a lot of sense. That was a big surprise.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then another really big surprise was like&nbsp; a lot of these like cauliflower rice, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; like I was traveling on part of this, you know,&nbsp; where I was on a ketogenic diet, and so I would&nbsp;&nbsp; like order food that was like this is keto and&nbsp; you get something that says keto. And I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is not keto at all." I'm like, "It's&nbsp; like spiking me so high." And then you like&nbsp;&nbsp; track down the ingredients, and it's like sugar.&nbsp; And I'm like, "Really? You're calling this keto&nbsp;&nbsp; but you actually have added sugar in it." Other&nbsp; surprises where I was taking some like collagen&nbsp;&nbsp; gummy chewables that didn't have any&nbsp; sugar allegedly. And my blood glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; just went through the roof, and I'm like,&nbsp; "What's in this? This is something..." [Dr. D'Agostino]: Same thing. I&nbsp; tried some kind of sugar-free gummy,&nbsp;&nbsp; it shot me off the chart. And all the&nbsp; bars that I get sent. So, 90% of the... [Dr. Patrick]: Anything that's keto. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. The only bar that&nbsp; has completely ketogenic is a Keto Brick.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's like the brick is 90 grams of fat and&nbsp; I think like maybe 30 grams of protein and like&nbsp;&nbsp; hardly any carbohydrates and it's 1000 calorie&nbsp; brick. And that's like truly the only ketogenic,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, bar. There's a bunch of bars out&nbsp; there, Keto Brick. Yeah. Check them out. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, if you&nbsp; go to Costco now, it's like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I know, everywhere. [Dr. Patrick]: ...like keto everything.&nbsp; I have yet to find actually something&nbsp;&nbsp; when you turn around the back and you&nbsp; look at the sugars and the ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; that like one of these things that was, like, this&nbsp; coconut keto crunch. And my mom loves coconut. She&nbsp;&nbsp; was doing keto and like ordered it on Instacart.&nbsp; And then I came and I'm like, "There's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar in this. This is not keto. Like, how dare&nbsp; they call it keto? It's so misleading." Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; takes us back to the beginning where&nbsp; it's like these ketos become...it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very much become trendy and it's almost like&nbsp; this marketable thing. And, you know, I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; essence of ketosis has been lost somewhat. So,&nbsp; it's really been nice having you to talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; all this. I want to talk even longer,&nbsp; but we probably should wrap this up.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you so much, Dom. We're going to have&nbsp; dinner tonight and talk more, so that'll be great.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to talk to you about all sorts of things.&nbsp; But like for people that want to learn more about&nbsp;&nbsp; your research, they want to follow you, they want&nbsp; to learn about Metabolic Health Summit or your&nbsp;&nbsp; blogs, you know, all those things. Where's the&nbsp; best places to find you on social and all those? [Dr.D'Agostino]: Yeah. Thanks for&nbsp; asking. Yeah. ketonutrition.org,&nbsp;&nbsp; so ketonutrition.org, and we have a blog&nbsp; there. Subscribe to the newsletter. When&nbsp;&nbsp; this podcast comes out, we'll put it in the&nbsp; newsletter, of course. And a lot of the other&nbsp;&nbsp; information that I don't post anywhere else&nbsp; is in the newsletter as you do too. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to your newsletter which I did, and&nbsp; it's like an awesome source of information. Metabolic Health Summit which will be happening&nbsp; May 5th through the 8th, amazing event. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; clinicians, you know, basic scientists,&nbsp; and entrepreneurs scrambling to this area&nbsp;&nbsp; and influencers. It's an amazing event in Santa&nbsp; Barbara, California. I'm excited to be a co-host&nbsp;&nbsp; for that. Yeah. Most of the information that we&nbsp; promote will be on our blog and on our website.&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally do not have any&nbsp; products. People always ask me,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dom, what's your ketone product?" I don't have&nbsp; a ketone product, but I do support a number of&nbsp;&nbsp; different companies and it's on the website. The&nbsp; exogenous ketone product that I use is Ketostart.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keto Brick is my go-to keto bar. I get&nbsp; that question asked all the time. And&nbsp;&nbsp; Keto Brainz is a coffee creamer that I use, got&nbsp; alpha-GPC, theanine, it's got lion's mane in it,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's also got C8. So, these are three&nbsp; supplements that I use pretty much on a daily&nbsp;&nbsp; basis. Not a huge supplement guy, but these are&nbsp; supplements we love and promote on that website. [Dr. Patrick]: And you're also on Twitter? [Dr. D'Agostino]: On Twitter. Yeah. If you search&nbsp; my name. I always forget my Twitter handle,&nbsp;&nbsp; but on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, I&nbsp; like to share new literature that's out,&nbsp;&nbsp; our publications, and others in the space. So&nbsp; I try to be a resource, not as much as you,&nbsp;&nbsp; which you put out amazing information,&nbsp; and truly appreciate you giving me this&nbsp;&nbsp; platform to give my information&nbsp; to your followers. Thank you. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, my pleasure.&nbsp; Thank you for all your research,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dom. I'm looking forward to more&nbsp; and to a future conversation. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FoundMyFitness [32 likes]: Timestamps. Please support the show and get extra content several times monthly with premium :) https://www.foundmyfitness.com/crowdsponsor
00:00:00 - In this episode
00:01:15 - What is "keto"
00:04:59-  Types of ketogenic diets
00:11:44 - Lifestyle Ketogenic Diet
00:22:54 - Biomarkers and hyperlipidemia
00:25:59 - Micronutrients and supplementation
00:29:58 - Exogenous Ketones
00:52:07 - What's the optimal level of circulating ketones? 
01:09:51 - Exercise performance and anti-catabolic effects
01:30:57 - Brain and memory
01:38:59 - Intermittent Fasting
01:48:04 - Neurodegenerative diseases
01:54:27 - Migraines
02:00:39 - Autoimmune disease
02:02:37 - Cancer
02:18:26 - Carnivore diet
02:24:45 - Dom's lifestyle habits
02:28:10 - Measuring ketones (see also 52:07)
02:40:10 - Learn more about Dom
  2. @hugechimp [2 likes]: LOVE LOVE LOVE DR RHONDA!
  3. @lukekay7952 [1 likes]: Rhonda I have the feeling you are a little biased against the 'Carnivore' diet. You only talk about it when you're having a conversation with people who are not 'pro' carnivore. May I suggest having a podcast conversation with  Dr. Georgia Ede? Well she's pro Keto for brain health reasons.
  4. @DA-uz8qb [1 likes]: Dom's insight, around 7:30, is poignant. It takes a while to transition from a non-ketogenic, high-carbohydrate diet to ketogenic diets, as the enzymes and other protein structures involved in efficient ketone processing 'catch up' to the global switch in primary fuel source. 

I have heard from multiple sources that it can take many months to be "keto adapted", and that is assuming strict adherence to a ketogenic diet during those months. I imagine this transition will be easier, in general, if diet was not extremely metabolically damaging for years on-end (see: high veg oil, high carb, high sugar), but nonetheless, it WILL take time. 

The point is: in the transition process, on a high fat diet, your blood will be replete with ketone bodies floating around, so much so that there will be an excess of ketone supply vs. ketone demand/metabolic processing ability. Your machinery has not caught up yet. Ketones like acetone and b-OHB will be shed through the breath (acetone) and in the urine (b-OHB). All this to say, a measurably high ketone level may reflect an INEFFICIENCY in ketone metabolism, rather than something that is inherently better than a lower level of ketones in the blood (as is seen in later, "keto adapted" state).

So perhaps the take-home point, which he makes a couple seconds later, is that in sustained ketogenic nutrition, INSULIN remains low, excess glucose is allowed to be metabolized and discarded, and the preferred, abundant and healthier fuel is now metabolized ad libitum. And the more you can stay in a state where primary and majority of metabolic need is met with fatty acids and ketones, the better.
  5. @msgirl01 [1 likes]: 1 one of the few guests  that can keep u w RP
He's awesome!!  ❤
  6. @plumbthumbs9584 [1 likes]: Great video.  Really appreciate the critical information presented graphically.  Fantastic learning aid.
  7. @patriciaboyette1358 [1 likes]: Awesome!! Thanks!!!
  8. @Chris-tw8fu [1 likes]: According  to Zoe Harcombe we do not need fiber at all
  9. @MichaelGlyn-fu2io [1 likes]: Dominic D'Agostino is a straight up Super Bad Ass! 

Tim Ferriss even put him in his Book Tools For Titans. Which I Highly recommend for anyone try to upgrade themselves.
  10. @Slowfooted22: Great episode. Unfortunate choice of seating arrangement given the high slit skirt.
  11. @Slowfooted22: Thanks for all the references!
  12. @jaco5790: bro learnt some manners this time by not mansplaining like the last interview
  13. @BeliSetip: Fluctuating audio levels are driving me nuts, but the content is keeping me glued to my headphones.
Hopefully you're using Auto Gain Control or similar these days (2 years later :)
Giving up at 90min
  14. @NoahSteckley: Generally I strongly dismiss this whole “titrate slowly” stuff. Silly.
  15. @msgirl01: Intermittent intermittent fasting
I like it
  16. @fragelicious: I know when I'm in Ketosis because my eyes open wider (nice bug eyed feeling) and my energy levels are so undepletable, that energy levels at 4pm are the same as my energy at 9am. I have never knocked myself out of Ketosis with dark, low glycemic greens. But I also prefer to eat them uncooked. Keto since my research initially ended in 2018, listening to Dom, He sold me the car.
  17. @advertiserfriendlyusername5362: How to do the keto diet optimally.



Get some duct tape and tape keys to your toes. You're welcome!
  18. @advertiserfriendlyusername5362: 00:00 Dat unfortunately shaped cactus, tho! 😭
  19. @Char_603: Is there a video foran older man combining keto with weight training, looking to gain 5 lbs of muscle....?
  20. @tylert4271: Get Dr Paul saladino on the podcast

- Ketone effects on the brain: APOE-4, vascular dementia, ischemia and epilepsy: Kind: captions Language: en [Dom]: Well, so you're referring to the Henderson paper where they looked at... [Rhonda]: Both papers. [Dom]: ...Axona AC-1202? So the finding was in that study, which is relatively small, that at least not with the diet, but using a ketone supplement that was formulated with 20 grams of medium-chain triglycerides. So they gave to their patients, I think, just once a day. And they did show fairly convincingly that the elevation of beta-hydroxybutyrate correlated with an improvement in cognitive function, but that correlation was not observed in the ApoE4 positive group, which was a little bit...it was kind of surprising. I would like to see that study done using the ketogenic diet or maybe the ketogenic diet formulated with ketone supplementation. So, the question is...it did not have a negative effect, but the question is why didn't it have a positive effect? [Rhonda]: Was there not another study where they actually did the ketone supplement, beta-hydroxybutyrate? I thought there was, but I could be mistaken just from my lack understanding because that would shed some more light. [Dom]: Yeah, well, they used caprylic triglycerides, C8, which kind of makes a lot of ketones, relatively speaking. [Rhonda]: Unless the ApoE is changing the way you're making ketones, right? [Dom]: With fatty acids, yeah. [Rhonda]: But they measured, you said they measured beta-hydroxybutyrate in everyone and the levels were the same because it's like I want to understand why there was no positive benefit in ApoE4 carriers because that's the one thing that...it seems so promising, right, that these ketone, potentially ketone supplements or a ketogenic diet can help modulate Alzheimer's disease. [Dom]: Yeah, we...and I think you could do it in different ways. My student presented yesterday, she presented this week, but she graduated with her Ph.D. yesterday and her work showed that there's a remarkable increase in blood flow, and previous work has shown that ketone bodies can increase brain blood flow by 30% to 40%. So that's another, when you have vascular dementia, when you have a decreased, that being, staying in a state of nutritional ketogenesis... [Rhonda]: Or just brain injury in general. [Dom]: Yeah, it can have a profound effect. [Rhonda]: Did she understand any of the mechanisms or do you know? Can you talk about it? [Dom]: Yeah, we're looking at that. Well, we did ischemic wounds, which I mean, I guess you could kind of relate to an aged brain, right, with clogged arteries. We did a Doppler blood flow measurement and showed that it spiked up considerably when we can elevate ketones. One of the things, it was not dependent upon VEGF. So we looked at all the different factors, so VEGF was not increased in the wound. We looked at a couple of different other things that we thought would be increased. Well, the one thing that stood out in the data was adenosine. So adenosine levels are significantly elevated. Now adenosine is sort of thought to make us sleepy. You know, when we drink coffee, it's like an adenosine receptor antagonist. [Rhonda]: No way. [Dom]: There's high levels of ATP, sort of, being used and we think that they may be causing an elevation of adenosine, but we really have to delve into the metabolomics to understand why that's happening. Regardless, adenosine is a very powerful vasodilator, and it's in higher concentrations, significantly, in the blood and that may be increasing the profusion of tissues, peripheral tissues, and I think that was it. [Rhonda]: That's great. Did it have any effect on blood-brain barrier at all as you look at that? [Dom]: We haven't looked at that. My colleague has been, kind of, looking at that a little bit. We know with fasting and the ketogenic diet that you can increase permeability to the blood-brain barrier. Things get through faster. [Rhonda]: You mean ketosis through fasting or both, combining the two? [Dom]: Well, yeah, sort of, yeah, fasting-induced ketosis or even the ketogenic diet can help increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier to a wide variety of things. So if you are, sort of, the implications from his perspective that if you're getting a chemotherapeutic drug, if you're getting some kind of drug that needs to cross the blood-brain barrier that's impaired in some way, you might be able to get that across faster in a state of fasting ketosis or the ketogenic diet. So maybe if you're fasting maybe there's just less stuff in your blood, there's competition of things getting through and your blood's sort of clear and you introduce the drug and you get more rapid transport because there's co-transporters and other things or things that might be in their diet that may be impeding transport, there's multiple independent lines of evidence to suggest that being in a state of ketosis can help better transport things across, but when we talk about permeabilizing the blood-brain barrier, that's like a bad thing, right, making it more permeable. In general, though, you get a knockdown of neural inflammation from the diet and from therapeutic ketosis, which is something the epilepsy world is very interested in. So there's a PET scan technique that allows us to look at neural inflammation in the brain and we know that...this is a conference that I recently came from, that maybe an excellent predictor of when someone's going to have a seizure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sabby123456789 [1 likes]: I am an ApoE4 carrier and a sterol hyperabsorber.

I will continue to eat saturated fat and cholesterol and then have my doctor give me whatever medications I need to lower my cholesterol.

This is because I do not enjoy eating olive oil, avocados, lean meat, fish, and vegetables.
  2. @sabby123456789 [1 likes]: Ketogenic diets are usually high in saturated fat, but for ApoE4 carriers, we must also be low on saturated fat and instead be on a ketogenic diet of monounsaturated fats and omega-3s.

But if I do not like eating avocados, olive oil, fish, and lean meat, what can I eat to prevent heart disease and Alzheimer's?
  3. @jakehayes1345 [1 likes]: huh... as an Apoe4 carrier not the news I was hoping for.
  4. @FoundMyFitnessClips: Watch the full episode:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ7pSXIWHrI
 
FoundMyFitness episode page:
https://www.foundmyfitness.com/episodes/dominic-dagostino
 
More clips from this guest:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrGxo-5Uw8gKoHER5oPn--l-wvde-2bxE
  5. @dustyfeller: Ketosis increased brain blood flow >30% (Doppler). Adenosine elevated; may be the cause of increased perfusion. BBB > permeability. transport appears to be more efficient while in ketosis.
  6. @timmothyburke: I have found that I go through periods where I’m so chilled out I think by GABA levels that I can’t even get any work done, it’s like I’m high
  7. @thunderrushmovie8834: I admit it...I'm just here for the chick!

- Can Ketones Help the Brain When Glucose Fails? | Dominic D’Agostino, Ph.D.: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about Alzheimer's disease. So, equally devastating, much longer tail, >> but in my mind seems somewhat easier to address through metabolic therapies because >> at least in the subset of those patients for whom an energetic crisis is at the core and I don't think that that's all cases. I think it's a I think that's also a very heterogeneous disease. But at least one subset of these people are probably in an energetic crisis. what what do we know about the current research and what's the current state of affairs for using ketogenic therapies? >> Yeah. Well, uh you're familiar with the Alzheimer's drugs, right? And you know, uh there's been not a whole lot of movement there. We have the antibodies, you know, you go to antibody therapy, you're talking 50k at least, you know, hundreds of thousands of dollars, you have the potential for side effects like cerebral hemorrhage and things like that. and they move the needle maybe for prevention. Uh a hallmark characteristic of Alzheimer's disease is glucose hypom metabolism. So that is actually being part of the criteria for evaluating. Uh my thoughts are that in communicating with hundreds of people with Alzheimer's and communicating with people that do dietary therapies is that there's a subset of people with Alzheimer's disease or let's just call it dementia, right? because Alzheimer's is still pretty fuzzy diagnosis you know uh clinically and we have the f we have the PET scans to look at amaloid and then there's palwal and and other things u but I think I think it's better to put it under the umbrella of you know uh mild cognitive impairment I think it's important to focus on that and advance Alzheimer's disease so a ubiquitous characteristic is glucose hypom metabolism so uh we are under I've always been under sort of the the impression that uh the accumulation of amaloid and towel are a consequence our downstream epipenomenon of inflammation. I think inflammation is the major driver the more and that wasn't even on my radar probably the last time we talked or maybe 10 years ago >> but I do think that uh systemic inflammation leads to neuroinflammation and uh you know we know that if we take mice or if we take humans or take mice and inject LPS we can rapidly cause uh amaloid progression like so those studies have been done so uh metabolic based therapies, ketogenic therapies, you know, diet, these things u not only change metabolic physiology and brain energy metabolism, but they change they reduce systemic inflammation. And I don't know if you measure your, you know, inflammatory markers like HSCP, mine is even non-detectable. You know, I I'll even do things like work out really hard and go and it's pretty much low. It always was elevated when I lived in an undersea environment and was breathing hypercapnic, you know, under a lot of stress. But I but I think uh the advantage of ketogenic metabolic therapies for Alzheimer's disease is uh really hinging upon suppressing inflammation, improving glucose metabolism and and elevating ketones to increase uh symptomatically brain energy metabolism. Uh so I think >> of those would you say that the that the latter is the most important that it's the alternative fuel source that is the most important and what again let's go back to I I haven't paid any attention to this what's happening in clinical trials this is a much easier thing to test >> so has someone done the experiment where you take people in the earliest stages of dementia or in you know modest stages of of MCI mild cognitive impairment who are progressing towards dementia and you randomize them to standard of care versus the exact same standard of care plus a KD. Has that experiment been done cleanly in a randomized fashion? >> Those experiments like many things are ongoing and uh and I think you need you have the acute effects. So I I think what we can say that acutely if we elevate ketones in the context of a cognitive deficit we can improve cognition under a battery of different uh exams. But the question that investigators are after is that if you do a an amaloid PET scan, you know, at at baseline and two years, 5 years, 10 years, that is of the highest interest because amaloid is basically that's how you you know that's the prerequisite for having Alzheimer's disease. So those studies are ongoing and I'm connected with some investigators that are doing it and some that have done more acute studies and uh the feedback is that I think there's a subset of people most people respond favorably but there's also a subset of people that are hyperresponders and you can have with Alzheimer's disease there's like you know vascular dementia it could be a blood flow problem it could be excess glutamate problem it could be a number of different things that are amendable to uh being reversed or mitigated through ketone metabolic therapy. So, >> so patient selection is going to matter. >> Yeah, I think it's going to be huge. So, I think uh and I don't think they've done this yet is that inclusion criteria should be patients that uh present with remarkable glucose hypom metabolism. So, I think that's that's really an important key uh because I mean we know there's people who have brains that are chuck full of amaloid that have are completely sharp and are completely normal. So the amaloid hypothesis has a lot of baggage with it right. So I think tal maybe I think amaloid and we have ptal that we can look at but there's other things in the pipeline. I think the p75 uh receptor uh agonist or amplifier looks pretty promising. Those studies are ongoing. uh and then you know for prevention I think some of these things the uh antibodies do have applications but they also come with a lot of baggage with uh not only the cost and accessibility but cerebral hemorrhage >> something you have to have to consider. So the lowhanging fruit would be a a dietary or more likely uh with this population a a an a ketone metabolic therapy intervention that could be a ketogenic formula that could also you know have a number of different co-actors and other things that can be but like there's lactate, there's creatine monohydrate, there's uh you know there's alpha ketoglutarate but no one has and and this is a problem with funding agencies. They don't want to fund a formula. You know, there's some work done with MCT. Sam Henderson published in 2008 when the molecule was AC202. So, but if you look at the patent, it was just capryillic triglyceride and actually improved mini mental status exam and Dr. Mary Newport kind of saw that and gave her her husband coconut oil and MCT oil and he improved and a case report with Dr. Vichch being one of the co-authors on that was published just a ketogenic intervention and they followed that was the longest case report for years followed his progression and stabilization he ended up succumbing to the disease but she got many more years with him you know through ketogenic intervention so uh I think we have to you know think about uh putting together a comprehensive metabolic based formula and and Dale Bredesen has been you know spearheading some things and looking at more of a comprehensive approach. Dr. Steven Kunain has been kind of working on MCTs and other ketogenic agents for Alzheimer's. Also did a dual PET scan where you do a glucose ketone PET scan and showed and published that you know as we age our capacity to use glucose decreases over time but that does not happen with ketones. So our abil our brain's ability to use ketones over time is preserved. Uh so that's an important distinction and a good uh foundational framework for the rationale for doing ketone metabolic therapy. But I think you'll probably have more benefit by thinking about it as a comprehensive metabolic therapy where you can target different things. And I think you know there's another a number of different molecules like alphagpc but no one does anything with formulations. They're pretty much always doing a funding agency is not going to >> What do you think is the state-of-the-art with alpha GPC just in general for normal cognitive enhancement? >> Yeah, I don't it's hard because I always take it with like something else, but I've used it by itself and it kind of gave me a headache when I when I took it. So, and I didn't really notice any I think it has the ability to be beneficial in the context of cognitive deficit, you know, like many things. And I do think that ketones are, you know, listen, everything that we study is in the context of environmental stress or some kind of deficit, right? And that's where ketones shine and they just tend to work. Uh, but I mean, just speaking personally, I think they give you an extra booth boost because they're a source of energy. >> What do you think they're best taken with? >> Ketones in general. >> Oh, no, sorry. Alpha. >> Alpha GPC. Um, >> I think it works good with caffeine. So alphag GPC, MCT and caffeine and maybe theanine too which is u has like a little bit of a gabaurgic effect. Uh that describes a product called a keto brain. So that's uh a pretty good product that is kind of a staple product for me. Uh I ran out of it. I kind of miss it. So I'm going to reminds me I have to go buy that. But it's been sort of what I sip on. I put that into my coffee and sort of when I'm working on grants or giving lectures, I just need long periods of cognitive. But I think alpha GPC cause maybe a little bit of too much uh uh just makes me a little bit too hyperfocused and a little too stimulated and I think it maybe can affect my sleep uh too. So I think people I use that as situationally just as I use fasting now. So I use fasting very situationally and that's what I recommend to people. It shouldn't be your default. I shouldn't be like, you know, fasting every day because I think the more you do it, uh, the easier it gets. But I think you can actually maybe derive more benefits situationally if you have an inflammation event. Like there's a person, two people that reached out to me that has shingles or uh herpes simplex flare up and then they fast then then it works for that or they have a GI, you know, some kind of GI issue or some kind of >> or if they're traveling or for me when I'm just, you know, bogged down with a lot of uh paperwork, grant reviews, writing grants or something, I'll I'll fast through for half of the day or more of the day and I'm just sharper, you know, just using situationally. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vegeta420z [2 likes]: Was just typing Low hanging fruit is Creatine.
Then he mentioned it, I take a minimum of 5 grams creatine every day.
  2. @doubleuenbeeeh [2 likes]: "works good"
  3. @tukity [1 likes]: Interesting... Fasting situationally
  4. @djjf45: He is so focused on the symptoms, he forgot to focus on the cause.  Study people on ultra processed foods and processed foods (incl. store bought meat) vs. people on a whole foods organic diet. bet you'll find those amyloid precursers aren't as relevant in them.

- Dr. Dominic D'Agostino: The Ketogenic Diet, Ketone Supplements, Fat Loss, And Cognitive Performance: Kind: captions Language: en here we go dr dom d'agostino i'm so glad to connect with you again we are now what was that five maybe more than five years ago when i talked to you on the phone to find out about what this whole ketogenic diet thing was now you're sitting back in your in your in your chair in the lab at the university of south florida and uh have watched it turn into a sensation so i think part of this show we're gonna have to set some things straight because uh some of it's gotten out of hand i'm sure you're uh have some things to shake your head about but you've been doing great research for so long so maybe the first thing we should start with is uh you could tell us about the work that you've been doing for the past decade and longer and then um what is this uh ketogenic diet and some of the amazing metabolic benefits that you and the other researchers have discovered yeah glad to fill you in on that and uh yeah thanks for having me brad appreciate it so it was uh about in about 2007 or eight i became interested in the ketogenic diet for our work that was funded by the department of defense and specifically the office of navy research which is a component of the department of defense and my role is looking at mitigation strategies for oxygen toxicity seizures which is a limitation for navy seal divers using a closed circuit rebreather so uh we developed some unique technologies like microscopes inside hyperbaric chambers environmental chambers and allowed us to look at look at the effects of metabolism on brain cells and i was looking at a variety of different things and ketones were a side project that i had because i found out the ketogenic diets used for epilepsy and other seizure disorders so i thought you know maybe it would be good to try it for this uh long story short we we the military i would say looked at a lot of different drugs and we looked at various drugs and nothing really came close to nutritional ketosis and then later we developed exogenous ketones and they became very effective tools for neuro protection in the context of oxygen toxicity seizures so that was like over 10 years ago and now we've branched off into looking at things like cancer things like uh rare metabolic diseases wound healing glycemic control lowering blood glucose and then exercise performance so we're looking at nutritional ketosis in the context of not only disease processes but really enhancing and preserving metabolic resilience in extreme environments and that's kind of if i had to describe you know the thrust of what i do it's really preserving safety and performance resilience in these extreme environments so it all started the impetus was these navy seal divers were having real trouble using the rebreather maybe you can describe what that is and the ketones came in because as a sound bite they improve oxygen delivery to the brain so they kind of make it less difficult to uh to struggle same with the epileptic caesar patients that have been using the diet for over 100 years right yeah there's a lot kind of going on with nutritional ketosis and i'll kind of sum it up so oxygen in the air that we breathe is at 20 percent but a closed closed-circuit rebreather like a dragger rebreather is actually a completely closed circuit and uh to avert the enemy uh seeing you in the water for stealth mode there are no bubbles when you're swimming underwater so if you can envision swimming across the lake to you know sneak up on the enemy plant a mine you know attack a ship something like that uh you won't see the enemy coming if they're uh wearing a closed circuit rebreather i'm looking out over my pond right now and i can track alligators i see the bubble trail going across and it just came to mind uh i was out on my paddle uh stand up paddle board yesterday and i was watching bubbles come to me and the alligator was coming to me across uh he's just a small alligators i wasn't afraid but it's kind of like the same scenario right so no bubbles there's a stealth component the disadvantage of using a closed circuit rebreather is that uh if you go down to just 50 feet of seawater within 10 to 15 minutes according to the navy dive tables you can have oxygen toxicity so the rebreathers are typically used not for deep diving but for stealth operations just you know 10 15 20 feet below but if the water has high visibility and very clear and you have an overhead like a helicopter or something like that you've got to dive down deeper to get out of sight right so so that's that's a limitation having a seizure underwater it's not very good for the mission so uh we don't at this current time well at the time i was researching it we didn't know how to predict or how to mitigate oxygen toxicity seizures we're looking at physiological biomarkers like uh you know eeg on the brain and things like that that's a little bit hard that we can do that in the lab but out in the field that's hard but you can wear a monitor and look at things like um heart rate variability you can look at you know breathing patterns you can look at uh body temperature two tends to dip and breathing be kind of becomes erratic before you have a seizure so we're looking at physiological biomarkers we're looking at biochemical biomarkers and that's a whole other aspect of what i do but the main thrust of what i do is preventing these seizures from happening in the first place and the ketogenic diet had a super track record i i went through a nutrition program in my undergrad at rutgers university and kind of studied nutrition and knew about keto diets and low carb diets but i did not know that they had a hundred year history of being used as a medical therapy for epilepsy so i thought it would be pretty cool i did my phd in neuroscience and physiology i thought it would be cool if i could get nutrition science back into my research program and essentially that's what i did you know about 12 13 years ago and started looking at uh different metabolites and altering our metabolic physiology to change our brain energy metabolism so that's really what happens with a ketogenic diet is that you're switching a fuel source it's not like you're switching totally from glucose to ketones but when you elevate ketones in the blood by virtue of the metabolic processes that happen you're also lowering blood glucose elevating ketones and that actually changes the brain energy systems uh and then ketones have anti-inflammatory effects they affect different signaling molecules and also neurotransmitters so they lower glutamate and they elevate gaba and there are it's multifactorial the effects of ketones are not just an energy and they do play a role in oxygen too but they don't decrease the oxygen or increase the oxygen in the brain they increase brain blood flow but what they do and this was the first observation of ketones is that they reduce oxygen free radicals which are also called reactive oxygen species so this was the first observation underneath a microscope where i developed a technique in hippocampal brain slices the hippocampus is we think where the seizures start to reduce superoxide anion and in the context of high oxygen you see a big burst of reactive oxygen species but if you have ketones you know in the media then are in the solution that the brain cells are in uh there's a much less uh elevation of reactive oxygen species so this was the first observation and it was indicative of enhanced mitochondrial function essentially what we saw was the preservation of mitochondrial activity and metabolic processes in the context when metabolism typically shuts down and the cell dies so the cells were able to stay alive and the mitochondria were working with high efficiency as evidenced you know by reduced superoxide anion so that kicked off this whole idea of hey how do we implement the ketogenic diet the military was not very keen in you know using a high fat ketogenic diet so uh we worked on delivering developing testing and ultimately delivering a ketogenic supplement in the form of ketone esters and ketone salts which we're really focusing on now and even things like mct which is added to the the formulations that we're working on wow so if you're a science student taking notes now we've pulled out some some tidbits that are extremely important and applicable to everyone if you can get your mitochondria functioning better if you can produce less reactive oxygen species especially in the brain we're talking about sailing down the the path of life with a minimized risk of cognitive decline dementia alzheimer's everyday better for focus mental clarity all those kind of things so this must have been exciting when you uh kind of move through the path of trying to help the the divers sneak up on the ships and plant a bomb to hey this could be you know a life-changing thing especially in the realm of disease and and of course also in peak performance and we'll talk about weight loss shortly but um it seemed like you were kind of peeling this onion off and probably getting more and more excited in the lab over the over the decade plus that this stuff was coming out yeah that's a that's a pretty good observation and and summary of of the effects you know it does have implications for things like alzheimer's and actually the the military that was a bit of a hard pitch to get them to buy into this idea of therapeutic ketosis because ketones had there's a lot of negative connotations associated with being in ketosis because of diabetic ketoacidosis but the i had colleagues at the bird alzheimer's institute which is on the university of south florida campus and the alzheimer's association actually funded a project looking at ketogenesis for preventing as a therapy for alzheimer's disease so you had a phd student uh melanie brownlow who's kind of moved on and doing some really cool things now but she did her phd project looking at the the effects of ketogenic diets on alzheimer's disease model and uh probably the most interesting data that came out of that research funded by the alzheimer's association was that these animals had remarkably enhanced motor function and exercise performance when we put them on a treadmill like device called a roto rod which is like a little wheel that they run on but they not only have to keep up with the speed of the wheel they also have to maintain their balance the data when you look at the you didn't even need statistics to sort of say wow that the you know the performance was was much higher in the alzheimer's disease model we implemented nutritional ketosis in the alzheimer's model after they got significant disease processes so we were not able to reverse the amyloid and the tau because that has already started but other labs implemented nutritional ketosis earlier and saw that they could delay the accumulation of the the two proteins that are implicated in the etiology of alzheimer's disease which is the amyloid beta uh toxic protein and the tau protein we didn't actually see that in our studies because we started a little bit later but we did see the the phenotype of the animal was remarkably changed in that it was it was much more robust energetically from a motor performance point of view so that was really refreshing because my research with the navy was just starting up and it was like you have something that undoubtedly can prevent seizures and is neuroprotective but you have something that could potentially also enhance performance so then it became even more interesting and applying nutritional ketosis to diseases of motor function so like als and you know we're working with a wide variety of different diseases where impairment of motor function is part of the symptom of the disease and we're conducting you know research on that now uh you you've been sub comment about it's it's not all or nothing here so we're not like switching into this realm of being a ketone burning machine and departing forever from uh the baseline of you know today we're burning uh mostly glucose in the brain because of our diets uh but you're making a transition where you're becoming i guess predominant in ketones if you're really serious about it and strict on the diet versus are we more or less almost entirely burning glucose unless we do some dietary modification yeah that's a really good point because pretty much everything i see out there when people are pitching the ketogenic diet or ketones in that shark tank okay yeah yeah yeah exactly that you're switching you know a hundred percent from glucose to ketones if you eat zero sugar and zero carbohydrates your glucose does not drop to zero so that's like really and when you fast for even 40 days like your glucose does not drop to zero there are very powerful homeostatic mechanisms that maintain blood glucose within very tight regulation in a normal healthy person between say three millimolar which is down to like maybe 60 ish to like a hundred milligrams per deciliter and it's very rare in a fasting state to be outside of that uh although with with a really strict ketogenic diet or fasting you can dip down into the 40s and 50s maybe even occasionally into the 30s with really long fasts but uh and in in that context with the low glucose the ketones are elevated and they are supplying an alternative energy substrate to the brain so you are and what's super interesting in a whole other field of study is that in the case of insulin shock or type 1 diabetes or hypoglycemia subjects who undergo prolonged fasting if you inject them with insulin to drop glucose down into a level that would be universally fatal they are asymptomatic for hypoglycemia and they don't go into a seizure they don't go into a coma these are studies done by george cahill at harvard medical school the fellow in the lab at the time was dr oliver uh owen this study was published in 1967 really caught my attention and i almost didn't believe it because uh it contrasted a lot of things that i thought i knew about the brain and it sparked a big interest to me that if this was real then the brain can run on this alternative energy uh fuel and it the implications were pretty remarkable that you could provide alternative energy you know for alzheimer's disease parkinson's disease als ms a wide range of metabolic disorders that some of them we study including glucose transporter type one deficiency syndrome that's a mouthful uh pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency syndrome so actually in those two cases the ketogenic diet is the standard of care and without it the you know the patients would die so actually they need to maintain a certain level of ketones to stay alive and to function and to prevent seizures and things like that so i was looking at more the broader implications of all these things that people were not studying and there seemed to be a pretty good scientific rationale for expanding it beyond the use of epilepsy and that has become you know the major motivation behind what i do but not what i do per se because i oversee the research but what my students do because they're really the phd students the med students i have undergrads i even have high school students they're in the trenches doing the research and they're really excited about this research and we're publishing and we're getting the information out there so it's been a real whirlwind trip going down this path and it's been very exciting for me and for the people in the lab so you mentioned this cahill study from harvard back in the 60s and i know it was highly regarded one reason being that it's very difficult to replicate because the people were basically starving for a long time and so we can go look back but we can't be doing this left and right because of the rules now but you've kind of taken it deep yourself uh i i heard you mentioned some of some of your personal experimentation so um let's focus on that a little bit about how how difficult it is to study things like um how the body does in starvation or extreme carbohydrate calorie restriction and then some of the stuff that you pulled out from from messing around yeah i you know i like to immerse myself in the research that i'm doing and and that typically involves you know fasting ketogenic diets and exogenous ketones and calorie restriction and you know all the above so you know i come to find out like you you can't even do a fasting study where you're injecting insulin in a fasted state uh to animals although you know back in 1967 if you know you had a uh institutional review board and an influential uh you know professor you could get this past presumably you know for a human study but in our lab what we observe is that if you implement a ketogenic diet you inadvertently usually produce produces state of mild calorie restriction so that further sort of enhances in in rodents mice and rats and if you feed them you know rodent chow they like humans they basically overeat and then they gain weight as they get older and they become insulin resistant and they just you know they put on adiposity intraomental fat which contribute to metabolic syndrome and things like that so some of the first observations were that a mild calorie restriction also enhanced like performance and you had saw like a lot of benefits from that but and we saw a benefit even in the context of cancer with mild calorie restriction but if you calorie restrict a ketogenic diet then your ketones are elevated and that provides further benefits above and beyond what you'd get from just calorie restriction and we know like a lot of people will say well the ketogenic diet works for weight loss and other things simply because you're it's all about calories and calories out we know from the context of epilepsy research that a lot more is happening with the ketogenic diet than just calorie restriction right because it's changing the brain energy metabolism and preventing seizure and calorie restriction alone does not do that fasting will but you have to take it to extremes to control seizures a well-formulated medical ketogenic diet can control seizures equally or as good as fasting so uh so in our lab you know we we did a variety of things we developed ketone esters and there's a variety of different ketone molecules we could talk about and then i also became interested in this idea like you could take a ketone molecule and combine it with an electrolyte like sodium and potassium and magnesium and you know calcium why don't we develop a balanced electrolyte formulation you know similar to electrolyte products that are on the market but instead of combining the electrolyte with like chloride like sodium chloride we do sodium beta hydroxybutyrate or magnesium beta hydroxybutyrate so i kind of had this idea nobody was doing it and i had a chemist that was very good outside of academia which is a good thing in many ways because academia is very very slow when it comes to exploratory science and getting things off the ground and running so we were able to you know develop these ketone molecules that were like new entities and i started testing them on myself and i realized that i could be in a very low hypoglycemic state and would be in a fasting you know i can produce that state through a variety of ways maybe some i will not discuss but what i observed is that uh that i could produce you know a state of hypoglycemia that would typically put someone into a coma but if my ketones were elevated i was not only not only asymptomatic for hypoglycemia i felt very lucid and cognitively shark so then you know we were actually doing funding funded research at the time but i totally bought into this idea which has come you know proven to be true that if you do elevate ketones it provides a remarkable energetic boost to the brain and this has tremendous implications for disease processes yes but i think also for the everyday person looking to get sort of an edge in regard to cognitive function you know metabolic resilience um there's a lot of things that happen when you're doing things like intermittent fasting in the ketogenic diet you're shifting your metabolism over to burning fat and ketones but what we discovered is that if you administer exogenous ketones my thinking was that you had to first convert your metabolism over and you had to fast for a period of time or use a ketogenic diet to get the benefits of ketones but this was not the case because we took rats that were eating a standard high carbohydrate diet and we administered a ketone ester for our first study that we published and uh they were completely naive to ketones or the ketogenic diet and then we put them inside the hyperbaric chamber we pressurized it to five atmospheres of oxygen which produces a seizure within five minutes and i remember the first rat we're all standing around the chamber there's a little window poured in there and we have a camera set up and we're also pulling 14 channels of data off the rack because they have biosensors on the rat and on the brain too and an hour goes by and we're staring at the rat you know in the chamber and it's grooming itself it's acting like normal you know we had never seen that before so we're thinking you know this could be a little bit of a backstory we actually tested a few different ketogenic molecules that didn't have an effect but then we developed a particular ketone ester that elevated acetoacetate and beta hydroxybutyrate in a one-to-one combination and then that particular entity became very anti-convulsant neuroprotective we administered this and we did another animal and another animal another animal and saw the same thing every time and uh and then we'd wash out the molecule and then we administer water as a control and then have a seizure in like five minutes and you know but when they're in a state of ketosis you know there was almost a 600 increase in their resilience to this extreme environment where all of those rats would have been dead a long time ago uh if they were not in a state of ketosis so and that was about you know 2010 we observed this and then that kicked off a whole series of different you know experiments and and collaborations um and new molecules other other investigators jumped on this opportunity a variety of different companies jumped on the opportunity started developing different ketone supplements and things like that but i think it was those observations and then speaking about it on different podcasts and stuff that sparked a lot of interest you can get into a state of ketosis and advanced ketosis as seen by the the k health study by starving for a long period of time or taking carbs down to extremely low you've heard people talk about under 50 grams a day which by most accounts is really low and you can work hard and get there or you can consume these supplements and immediately uh experience the benefits like you're discussing with the rat yep yeah that that's the case you know i was a little bit um i was skeptical that this would happen and uh the original protocol that i wanted to do was to put the animals on exogenous ketones for like a week but we were not able to synthesize enough of it to like you know do the original so i jumped the gun so to speak and was like well let's just let's just give one dose and put put the ketones into that 5 millimolar range and then put the rat in the chamber and see what happens um you know i did i did this with a beta hydroxybutyry ester and other molecules and uh and didn't see an effect including one three butane diol which breaks down to ketones we actually the molecule that was most neuroprotective was one three butane diol acetoacetate diester if you want the chemical name uh but now we've used a variety of different molecules we do find that when we combine that molecule with mct oil there's a further boost in the uh in the neuroprotective effects and it also more the oil delays the gastric absorption in a way that extends the pharmacokinetic profile in pharmacology we say it shifts it to the right right there's an elevation of ketones and then that elevation is preserved over hours instead of just like an hour and a half or so so you get many hours of that so there's different formulations that we use to that would basically the formulation when it's administered just prior to a mission would give neural protection over a period of hours uh and and safety and resilience over a period of hours so yeah we um i kind of i talked with the late dr beech and dr george cahill and dr theodore van italy all these people were icons remained to remain icons in the field of fasting in the field of ketogenic diets and dr veach was really the one who was developing and testing ketone esters you know before i even got into this field so i like to give credit to him and uh dr richard veach actually worked under uh hans kreb the krebs cycle so he was a student of hans crow very knowledgeable and there's also a remarkable individual henry brewing grabber at case western and he actually gave me the recipe to synthesize the other ketone ester that we ended up testing and being most efficacious so so these ideas you know people say i'm the keto king and i developed these things but it was really other people and consulting with other people and many of them were very generous with their time on the phone uh i've met with many of them in different you know meetings and things like that and it's a good thing i did at the time because many of them you know are are not here now so they're kind of up in their age but they did this research like years ago and no one really picked up and followed up on it in a very robust way that and i was thinking and i think because ketones had a negative stigma to it but if you just look at the physiology and nowadays a lot of people focus on nutritional biochemistry but the people in nutrition nowadays and i don't want to make a blanket statement they may not have an appreciation for metabolic physiology so physiology is really integrating it all and instead of medical like with nutritional biochemistry it's like knowing the pathways of vitamin k synthesis certain things like so but with nutritional physiology you really understand what's going on so uh that my physiology background gave me an appreciation for the work that these icons did and it's like someone's got to follow up on it and i was like my department is a physiology pharmacology so it was a little bit people were thinking it was academic suicide to transition from drug research to uh uh you know nutritional high fat diet research so there's some some eye brows were raised and saying this is not a very good field to go into if you want to get tenure at a medical college so but but it ended up panning out because i knew it would work because it worked experimentally and if something works and the science is good eventually a funding agency would recognize it and uh support your support my students you know to continue doing the research so the number of people interested in the protective benefits is fewer than those interested in fat loss and all the things that have made keto become this cultural sensation and uh the latest dietary trend and i wonder kind of um you know your reflections right now on how these divergent paths have gone i mean we're still you're still doing great work with the the space group and the navy seals and all that and then we're also seeing um everywhere we look people uh slimming up with their ketone pills and their this and that so um let's let's see what you think about all that yeah it's a i'm glad you brought that up because there's a lot of misinformation and a lot of hype behind the ketogenic diet and claims behind certain supplements so the large majority of ketone supplements that are out there like the ones you probably see on shark tank and things like that are so underdosed and we say what do we say like fairy dusted with a very small amount of ketones and and we've analyzed some of these things and there are things besides ketones in their ketone formulation that are things they can't even identify so i would say impurities so they lack potency they lack purity and they lack tolerability so this is like the main problem that i see with ketone supplements out there uh there's really only a few supplements that when people ask me of what i would recommend there's a couple companies that are pretty good most of them are medical you know companies uh making it for medical foods that are actually pure like ketone esters and ketone salts audacious nutrition product keto start is very good and there's a few others out there that i think are up and coming but i'd have to do an analysis of the purity and the potency and things like that but some of the things that we got sent to the lab that we did you know mass spec on they look kind of scary on on paper because it was spikes in the mass spec of things that shouldn't be there uh so i think it's really important to if you're if you are going to use ketone supplements and they could be a great adjuvant to the ketogenic diet they could help one transition into the ketogenic diet and the ketogenic diet is a great weight loss tool and it's also great for lowering your blood glucose and you know achieving body composition alterations that are favorable in the context of weight loss so we've published that and uh but it's just one tool you know that you can use and it doesn't necessarily have to be a clinical ketogenic diet that it's used for epilepsy it just has to have a level of carbohydrate restriction that can produce some of these you know benefits uh before we go off the supplement topic and then focus in on weight loss a couple other questions one of them how the heck are impurities getting into the product i mean the the manufacturer or the marketer is obviously ordering them from some supply laboratory that you would expect has product standards and they're doing their own mass spectrometry but is this i know this is heard to be a common problem in the supplement industry yeah well there's a cut-off for things like heavy metals and you know i found certain certain products were like borderline on heavy metals whereas others were just basically non-detectable so you want you want you know a certificate of analysis that does a complete you know analysis of that and the synthesis pathways for ketone esters are a bit more involved so you could have a variety of different solvents and other things in there that we couldn't really identify with the ketone esters although you could do we actually do a very simple distillation we do uh you know i'll tell you it's 1 3 butane diol and tert-butyl acetyl acetate it's a transesterification just high heat and high vacuum and it's basically there's really not a way to get too many impurities with that way unless you burn something like that you overcook it uh but with the ketone salts impurity it's very simple chemistry to make ketone salts and i'm going in the direction of ketone salts now because uh you can formulate a balanced electrolyte formulation with ketone salts that are tolerable and potent and approaching that of a ketone ester and the big big thing is that they taste good so you can make a ketone salt product that actually tastes like you know high c and you know i have ketone esters in the lab i have them at home you know i can take whatever i want but you know and in the beginning there's like a mystique to it and it's a novel thing it's like whoa look how high and get my ketones but for someone who's just using it on a daily basis it's like blood glucose like you don't you're not trying to achieve a 10 millimolar uh blood glucose or you know a 100 and uh you know 60 milligrams per deciliter to have more energy right there's a a point of diminished returns and the same thing happens with ketones if your ketones my experience is i feel best at about 1.5 to maybe two between i'd say between one and two millimolar and that's giving your brain a boost if you look at the physiology between ten and twenty percent so a one millimolar elevation of ketones is about a ten percent boost in available brain energy uh substrate so uh so that you know i kind of think about it like that whereas if i push it to five millimolar that becomes a metabolic acidosis that the body has to deal with so you're actually the body's working hard to sort of uh it's dumping bicarb in the system through the renal pathway it's like you have to compensate for the ph shift when you spike your ketones really high and and i think that could be that could be beneficial for someone who has a metabolic disorder like glucose transporter deficiency or epilepsy or but i actually you know we see it in pair performance uh it it has a negative effect whereas if you have a healthy individual or even someone who's just like you know not so metabolically you know enhanced or whatever staying within that one to two millimolar range and the good news is that this can be achieved with the ketone supplements that are on the market you just want to be careful in particular with the ones that you choose and medium chain triglycerides are a great mct oil are great too because they are a simple molecule found in nature and it's actually getting your body to produce the ketones but the ideal formulation is like you know getting mct and combining it with the ketone salts uh although i don't always do that sometimes i just take ketone salts like during the day and uh and i i you know experience a lot of benefits with that and we do this in animal models and we do this in humans and we see nice benefits from that so you're doing this for a temporary cognitive boost and then if the individual's really interested in going further they can adhere to the diet protocols where they're for quite a bit of time elevating their ketones into that sweet spot i mean the cutoff point for actually being a ketogenic would be is it is it 0.5 millimolars that you're trying to get above to say okay now now i'm getting some some progress here yeah that's a clinically that's the cut off 0.5 millimolar uh blood beta hydroxybutyrate so you know it would be difficult to achieve that almost impossible with like a standard american diet unless you have a super early dinner and then the next day you eat your your first meal at about 12 noon and then you'll start to get up towards that if you're exercising or something like that but uh and then it's probably important to mention that the ketone salt products come in different forms right there's the d enantiomer so there's like you know beta hydroxybutyrate comes and it's a mirror image there's the l in the d form and this becomes kind of interesting in the d beta hydroxybutyrate is the primary ketone molecule that the body makes we do have an enzyme called a racinase enzyme that can convert the d to the l but when you take most ketone supplements it's a combination of the d and the l form the l form will eventually gradually transition to the d form so over over time and i think of the l form as kind of like a time release form of the d uh and also the ketones the d and the l ket uh l beta hydroxybutyrate provide energy but d probably has a more favorable energetic profile than the l beta hydroxybutyrate although the d gets burnt up really quickly for fuel whereas the l-beta hydroxybutyrate sticks around longer because it just gets metabolized a lot slower but the advantage to that is that it's hitting a lot of the signaling pathways so the d and the l for example suppress the nlrp3 inflammasome so the important thing is that they have anti-inflammatory properties both of them but the l sticks around longer so it may have greater anti-inflammatory effects and it also has epigenetic effects that are favorable so it activates gene pathways have can provide the body with resistance to oxidative stress and now we know of something called beta-hydroxybutyrolation so beta-hydroxybutyrate the ketone molecule can directly interact with the histones which play a role in activating certain genes expression of certain genes uh there's scientific rationale that the l may be doing that to a greater capacity than the d just because it doesn't get oxidized as fast so we're interested in that and we're actually looking you know doing some experiments to to look into this so um so i think so i bring that up because when you measure ketones you're only measuring the commercial meters on the market only measure the d beta hydroxybutyrate so if you consume a supplement that's an enantiomeric mix of dnl and you're getting an elevation of one millimolar you're actually getting an elevation of two millimolar of ketones because you're only measuring quantitatively the d beta hydroxybutyrate hopefully that didn't confuse everybody but uh but i think uh i think that the important thing is that racemic beta hydroxybutyrate as sold as ketone salts are not a bad thing and i think they may actually be a good thing and most of our research has actually used the racemic forms and showed some pretty remarkable effects uh so most people are looking to achieve goals like fat reduction maybe some some peak performance attributes for the extreme athletes and the the endurance athletes especially uh limiting their carbs so they can transition over to increase fat burning as we saw in the faster study and so forth but for the broad listenership and enthusiast you describe the supplements as sort of a a helper to help you transition over into ketone burning but in general we have to go focus on some dietary modification let's talk about some of the the high points of that and then also sort out some of the confusion about do i have to do this all the time for the rest of my life or for the next six months and not miss a single not binge on any carb or can there be some sort of intermittent use of the ketogenic diet as a tool for fat reduction and the peripheral benefits yeah there's a lot to unpack there but i think what we can say is that to achieve a maximum state of ketosis and keto adaptation which is shifting your metabolism to oxidizing preferentially more fat and ketones there has to be a reduction in the hormone insulin and a reduction in glucose availability and that needs to be protracted in a way that augments the liberation of fat from adipose tissue uh so when you suppress the hormone insulin then you elevate things like glucagon catecholamines which are things like adrenaline and that mobilizes more fatty acids for fuel your peripheral tissues start using in a very high capacity these fats for fuel same thing happens if you're fasting but you can replicate that with carbohydrate restriction the brain on the other hand does not use fat very good as an energy source although it can use medium chain triglycerides it can cross the blood-brain barrier but essentially what happens is that to fill the energetic gap you have elevated beta oxidation of fatty acids in the liver and that generates these ketones that spill into the blood and then the ketones cross the blood-brain barrier and maintain high energy in the central nervous system which is top priority for our physiology to the state that i just explained can happen intermittently or it can happen in a protracted way the more the more you stay in a state of ketosis the more adaptations will be associated with that so the more you do the faster you'll transition the easier it gets and probably the more benefits you'll derive from it one thing i could say is that in our animal models and i think this applies to humans that if you take rats and put them on a ketogenic diet or you do like intermittent fasting and things like and get them in a state of ketosis and then put them back on a high sugar high carbohydrate diet uh for a couple weeks and then put them back on a ketogenic diet they had a a quicker elevation of ketones something like 30 or 30 to 50 percent faster so there appears to be what i call like a metabolic memory so if we train our muscles you know to get to a certain strength level for example on the bench press you know and it might take like three years to get there and then we take three months off and we're back to our starting point it's not going to take another three years to get back into that so i think we can train our metabolism over time and this involves an upregulation of transporter mechanisms enzyme mechanisms and also what i call the ketolytic you know enzymes which are keto like enzymes within the mitochondria in the cell that actually uh play a role in converting the ketones to energy atp or energy currency all these things are elevated when we're on a ketogenic diet and then there are certain gene pathways that need to kick on and signaling pathways there there are many things we don't understand but what we do have an appreciation for now is that when you do it and you maintain a state of ketosis and then get out of ketosis you can get back into ketosis much quicker if you've been there before and i think that's really important oh my gosh i remember uh using the term bucket list in our book the keto reset diet mark sisson and i and you were so helpful with uh getting us teed up to to to plunge into the subject back in 2017 uh we described it as a as a bucket list objective so everybody at least try to you know do some dietary restriction and see see if you can up regulate fat burning even if it's for a short duration or you kind of trend a little higher than the ketogenic cut off but yeah you're fine tuning your fat burning mechanisms and it's a wonderful experience i should ask you you know i went deep into this doing the book research and was tracking my blood ketones every day i was getting scar tissue on some of my fingers and writing down all the numbers and and seeing how it related to doing workouts periods of fasting uh the the carbohydrate content of the meals and uh i think it was after after a while um i wasn't getting the the blood ketone values were sort of dropping and it was difficult for me to even get past that 0.5 millimolar cutoff even though maybe you can correct me or say hey something was off with your approach but even though i was saying going on an 18-hour fast having a couple a string of ketogenic aligned meals and then testing my blood the following day thinking i was going to break records and there it was at 0.6 or 0.4 or something i'm going man what does the guy got to do to put up some numbers here yeah another really good topic you bring up the blood levels of ketones are a function of ketone production and ketone utilization so what we do see uh and this actually uh dr veach told me this like a long long time ago like well over a decade ago athletes will use ketones much quicker than like a sedentary person and probably get more benefits too because an athlete experiences something called post-exercise ketosis so they're they are essentially fat adapted they intermittently go into a state of ketosis and if you do a ketone tolerance test and i just made up that term because i like it and i think it it it describes actually what's going on if you administer a bolus of ketones to a sedentary couch potato person their ketones are elevated for a long period of time whereas if you administer a bolus of ketone esters or salt to an advanced athlete they clear it very quickly from the blood so probably because they have more monocarboxyl acid transporters and you're an athlete many people may be listening to this are an athlete and many many athletes that i've and i've communicated with hundreds if not thousands are you know sometimes they get have a problem getting into and sustaining a a high state of ketosis and uh and come to find out you know when you administer ketones they clear them from the blood pretty quick so there's a couple things going on that could affect ketone production one is that some people have a pretty large increase in glucagon glucagon is not something we we measure a lot we're measuring it now in our studies uh we have a clinical trial and i'm going with florida medical clinic and uh and i measured you know it myself typically what happens especially in athletes they'll have a really large suppression of the hormone insulin but in elevation and glucagon and glucagon will increase gluconeogenesis so some athletes will have a persistently elevated they won't have a reduction in glucose i could say but their glucose levels will remain like 85 90 maybe even 100 upon waking which is something called the dawn effect we could talk about but uh that's largely uh a result of an elevated it could be an elevation of cortisol but more likely contributor is an elevation of glucagon so glucagon being sustained in elevated glucagon is the sort of counter regulatory hormone with insulin so you lower insulin you enhance fat oxidation fat burning is off the charts right one thing that enhances fat oxidation but also gluconeogenesis is glucagon which is the counter regulatory hormone and in athletes you know it could be because they're just really hard charging individuals and they just they work out a lot or you tend to see higher levels of glucagon and the glucagon is actually making you know stored glycogen in the liver more available if you're on a ketogenic diet and you start exercising you can see a big burst in your blood glucose and that's the glucagon and catecholamines actually liberating the glycogen but you're also you know liberating and mobilizing fatty acids for fuels but but i think the short answer is that the reduction in blood ketones that some athletes see is a consequence of higher ketone utilization and also an elevation of the counter regulatory hormones like glucagon and catecholamines right you don't need to have this high level of ketones because the glucose is still there to burn thanks to the liberating of the fuel high glucagon and so forth and that brings up another question uh i was speculating at times with all my experimentation relating to diet exercise fasting and exercise carbohydrate intake and recovery and so forth that uh if i'm doing a lot of fasting and carb restriction it's technically a stressor to the body and then i go do a sprint workout and i come home and instead of slamming a high performance smoothie that has carbs that has protein i'm fasting for more hours i'm getting a spike in adrenaline right because i got to get the energy from somewhere and could this be contributory an excess amount of stress factors that affects my recovery oh i forgot to throw in that i'm 56 years old doing these crazy sprint workouts and high jumping uh pretending i'm on the high school varsity team and so that was one i i wondered what your opinion would be on that and then maybe as a throw in add-on question could ketone supplements come to the rescue here in the recovery period to provide me with this wonderful clean burning fuel source yeah well first thing you look great for 56 wow you're like mark you and mark sisson man you guys are like defying you know the age the normal age so 56 is a new 25 30 or whatever but uh but yeah to to get to your point i think uh being in a protracted state of carbohydrate restriction low glucose low insulin high glucagon is probably not favorable definitely not favorable for recovery so um what i like to do is just i save all my carbohydrates for nighttime so i have a big salad and uh at night time uh i do eat at night not right before bed but i try to eliminate you know two hours before but i have i always have berries like i cannot i can count on one hand the number of times i had not had berries in the last year so i have like wild blueberries and raspberries and things like that and i mix that in with like this little keto pudding thing that i make at nighttime so i typically have a little bit of fruit and vegetables and maybe upwards of like a hundred grams of carbs and for me uh high fiber and for me that's enough i think to enhance recovery i work out in the evening typically late afternoon evening so uh then we have dinner then we take the dogs for a walk and we do kind of some more low intensity activity if you want to call it that and then at night time uh you know in the early mid evening you know i'll have what will be the majority of my carbohydrates but during the day i have basically like no carbohydrate so i think it's it's can be advantageous for being fat adapted to uh to do the exercise in the context of low insulin and you know low glucose and then you're really tapping into immobilizing fat for fuel uh it's good to train that way train low keep your body hungry for glucose so that's i mean if i have to stay in one way you know keep protein higher moderate especially the older we get the more protein we need protein at about you know 1.5 grams per kilogram to 2 grams per kilogram so 200 pound guy 200 that's you know some people will say that's too high but uh for athletes i think you really do need that to on a ketogenic diet a low carb diet to preserve and maintain that muscle and you know into that two grams per kilogram range if you want to build muscle for the average person if you're below 1.5 it's hard to build muscle and and hard to even sustain it you know if you're kind of a hard-charging athlete so i think that's important to consider so back to the the weight loss question and the benefits of the ketogenic diet for weight loss you've said that the big ones are suppression of appetite and then restriction of choice of foods and this seems to be such wonderful advice uh but it's not as sellable as saying hey you can go out and eat all the bacon and butter you want as long as you cut the carbs you're going to lose weight and by the way take some of these pills too so i think we need to uh clarify this with that comment you made reminded me of dr herman poncer coming on in his his recent book burn where he's saying look it's just it's just all about the calories and there's no in other words i think he said every diet known to mankind is essentially a gimmick and it's just to get you to adhere to it and get your nutrition and i think we we need to you know sort this out from a big picture perspective but uh being able to suppress appetite and enjoy the heck out of your your meals um is is a strong you know it's a strong vote uh to to something that's sustainable and will actually work yeah so there's a lot of debate on this and we like a lot of you know things firing on twitter and things like that so i go against the grain if you will by the majority of the low carb field and i do believe that calories matter right and i believe that the benefit of low carb and ketogenic diets are kind of like two-fold or three-fold really so when you take someone who's eating a standard american diet and really just not tracking anything and you put them on a low-carb diet then they start tracking at least something they're tracking carbs they're paying attention to labels they're more cognizant of what they're eating and that in and of itself is a behavioral that will translate to to some form of restriction usually and it's a behavioral modification that will help assist uh weight loss and maintain that weight loss if they continue with tracking so tracking alone and it could be any diet just tracking so that and then another level of of enhancement of weight loss is actually tracking a diet that is a low-carb diet or a ketogenic diet so you could calorie restrict a high carbohydrate diet [Music] and you know calorie restrict calorie restrict a keto diet or relative to a low uh high carbohydrate diet uh the hormones are going to be quite different you know you will have a suppression of insulin if you restrict uh calorie restrict a high carbohydrate diet and you'll have a more robust decrease in insulin and glucose and probably elevation of glucagon and some other hormones that we're measuring now the jury's still out no one really has done an unambiguously perfect study on this but generally what you see is that like a higher protein like high protein low carb high fat diet has a greater appetite suppressing effect through changing hormones various hormones in the body but probably resulting to some extent by reducing glycemic variability there is no doubt in my mind that you could take two diets a high carb diet and a low carb diet and then calorie restrict it you're going to see much tighter reduction in glycemic variability with the low carb diet and i think that you know at least in type 2 diabetics i don't know why it wouldn't happen in normal healthy people but in type 2 diabetics that typically translates to uh reduction in uh appetite you know there's an appetite suppressing effect and better cognitive you know effects and more energy and things like that uh the studies on this are not that great but that's that's the general consensus although many people would debate that with me that's surprising that there's not a lot of studies on it and what would be the studies there's not a whole lot of good studies that clamp calories clamp calories so you have very high attention to you know oversight over calorie intake with a low carb diet versus a high carb diet and to look at hormones and appetite regulation and a variety of other things but the general consensus is that low-carb diets have a mild advantage over over that and and that's due to a wide variety i do think that like my opinion is that a low-carb diet is uh and i don't want to put it in a negative context it's uh it's some people the low-carb diet is hypo palatable and it reduces the hedonic response to eating so i'm comfortable with saying that's that statement when you eliminate the combination of sugar and carbohydrates it's not triggering that dopamine response you just do not want to eat as much of a low carbohydrate diet as you would with a high carbohydrate diet and that in and of itself will reduce total calories over time and improve your metabolic health and many metabolic parameters so that's a really important thing there's many people in low carb community we'll just kind of shrug that off and it's like yeah that may happen but the big thing is that it's the hormones you know that you're suppressing the hormone insulin which happens to a greater extent with low carbohydrate diets at least acutely in response to a meal the high carb can may say well you have to look at insulin over a 24-hour period not just right after a meal you know and i think you know we don't have continuous insulin monitors and then we could do that so we just have fasting insulin and i have to say that when i did a higher carbohydrate diet and then i measured my fasting insulin it really wasn't uh much different you know if i controlled for calories although my insulin would spike quite high right after a uh a high carb meal and that's that's most certainly shutting off the fat burning process so i think that's probably not favorable but what i would feel if i eat you know carbohydrates in the form of bread or pasta or starches or sugar is that i feel great you know right after the meal but about an hour to two hours a half or i would have that dip i would get a little bit shaky and it would just screw up my whole mental flow low carb diets ketogenic diets completely abolish that postprandial dip and uh that pays big dividends if you're you need a four or five hour stretch to work on a grant or you're doing something that involves a lot of cognitive you know capacity over time so so i've learned to just accept this diet not only study it in my research but actually transition to actually following the very thing that i'm studying myself hey how about that that's it that'll help you get tenure look at this guy he's walking his talk i think it helped for sure yeah um if the listeners don't know about your extreme athletic achievements and and devotion i think we should we should touch on that a little bit and uh in the meanwhile you can tell us tell us about your your deadlifting feat that you did coming off of extended fast i guess to again walk your talk and and show up on the on the tenure track but um i'm also wondering if there's uh an additional variable relating to your training regimen when it comes to cracking that code about dropping excess body fat yeah uh well that the deadlift thing yeah about like 10 years ago i became very interested in this idea of fasting and changing you know brain energy metabolism so after a uh seven day fast uh i tested my strength you know not with a brutal long workout but just you know uh i warmed up of course and just you know deadlifted 500 for 10 and then six plates or another set so but that was within like what i was used to doing and i found that it didn't feel any uh it didn't feel any heavier after you know fasting for for seven days uh not to say i could you know keep doing that workout for a whole hour or two it was just a test for my overall strength uh so i found that to be really unexpected uh and i went into it thinking you know i was warming up and then 135 oh it's easy 225 315 405 and then five plates and then it's just like i just kept going with the reps and it was just wow that this is this is remarkable i've not eaten anything for seven days and it didn't feel that much heavier uh so not maybe not everybody would have that experience but a lot do because a lot of heard that and you know kind of fasted and and nowadays i do fasting for three days maybe every quarter and i do like a deadlift test at the end and can do you know the same amount that you know that's that's pretty much i don't think that fasting is you know an ideal tool for putting on muscle but it just goes to show you that the body can adapt quite well and i do think that i i adapted well to that seven-day fasting protocol because i had been in a state of ketosis for a year or two prior to attempting that so uh i think if you're on a high carb diet your high carb athlete and then you just completely stop eating your body is running on glucose and you're going to have a painful transition into that prolonged fasting state whereas it was almost effortless the third day was a little bit hard you know but it was more of a behavioral thing i just enjoyed the process of eating but my blood work looked great you know i did blood work i did i tested a bunch of things and and continued to do really demanding week of writing grants and teaching and things like that and everything went super smooth if anything i was a lot more productive because i didn't have to prepare meals clean up you know eat the meal so it saved me a lot of time during that week so now i i do it three times uh three or four times a year i do these three day fast and i just sort of task load myself to read a lot of papers and get a lot of you know office work done i don't task myself with a lot of physical activity during that time because fasting is i think of it nowadays is kind of rest reset transition the body and then you know ease back into eating and then get back into training once i get back into eating but i will test my strength at the end of it and i do low low cardio low impact stuff during the actual fast to transition into a greater degree of ketosis during the actual fast so your blood ketone levels i'm sure are rising up to be pretty high especially at the end of three days but is your glucose pretty stable due to in part due to your athletic commitment and your your good metabolic function yeah the glucose will typically uh by the second day get down into the mid to high 60s and then the low 60s by the third day that has been pretty consistent with the last couple three day fast and i mean to get back to that point of beta hydroxybutyrate my blood ketone levels will you know on a normal day they just stay at about one millimolar but in the fasting state they don't pop up to three four five they actually stay around like two or two point five or something like that so they don't shoot up very high at all and in the morning there might be 0.5 or even one in a three-day fasting state so this is what i see but what i also see is that my breath ketones so readout health makes an fda approved device called the biosense meter and uh i just uh i'm about to do a blog on it actually it had it was in our last newsletter description of the biosense so the biosense meter is really a better in the context of a calorie restriction or fasting state is a better indicator of your fat burning in your state of ketosis your breath ketones i originally got interested in breath ketones because breath ketones correlated with seizure control but the more and i've pricked my finger thousands of times measuring blood ketones and i would see during activity they would go down like after a walk when they should be going up i shouldn't produce but i was using them as fuel but my breath ketones would go up and i would smell it on my breath and i could just feel i was in a high state of ketosis but it wasn't showing on the blood meter and uh and the more i looked into this i realized you know the breath ketones in the state of fasting or calorie is a much more fulfilling and accurate assessment and now the device is quantitative because it gives you a number which correlates so the breath ketone measurements is actually what i prefer during fasting or if i'm trying doing a weight loss uh and if you're on a eu caloric diet which means your calories you know maintenance level calories the blood ketones and the breath ketones correlate well so there's breath ketones are measured in ace like levels of acetone like 10 aces aces will correlate to one millimolar beta hydroxybutyrate and that's that's very consistent with a eu caloric maintenance ketogenic diet but once you start fasting the breath ketones climb and climb and climb and then the blood ketones kind of stay where they're at or they don't go anywhere and i knew that that was not you know that's not happening uh i know that i knew i was in a state of higher state of ketosis but i was just using more ketones for energy because i had i was in a calorie deficit state so i'm just you know pulling more ketones out of the blood if you want using the member energy whereas i was blowing off at the tone the acetone that i could taste it is basically those carbons are all carbons from body fat and so that's the way i think about it it's like when you're in a you can just taste it you can smell it you're like in a state of and that acetone is pure fat and kind of but you're blowing pure fat out of the body so uh i could feel it but it wasn't showing on the blood ketone meter so i'm a big fan it took me a while to warm up to using this breath ketone device and i used a couple before i settled on the biosense but uh now i'm interested in actually doing some research to back up some of these observations you're our guy just researching everything testing everything i got to say dom you you look good yourself i i mean you you're a for an academic you're a big strong guy but um you have lost quite a bit of muscle mass on purpose and and trim down you look like a different person but tell us about that journey and how you feel today at a um a little more uh carrying around a little less muscle yeah yeah i lost probably 10 years ago at this time uh 2011. i was just looking at a picture it was right about 2 35 so right now i'm 216 i have to say that i do feel better just being a little late i'm a little bit i'm over six foot like six foot so i'm kind of a tall and maybe somewhat lanky guy but i have a pretty big frame and uh i do notice i become more interested in my biomarkers of health like blood pressure triglycerides hemoglobin a1c these are things that i like compete against myself to try to improve these numbers because i'm thinking about longevity and i try to maintain a certain level of strength and the basic compound movements and i think that's important for longevity because muscle is like you know i talk about like muscle currency so the more it's it's really good to have a strength reserve and a muscle reserve so i make sure that i can like deadlift three times my body weight and bench a certain amount things like that so i can't move the amount of weight that i did when i was heavier of course but i feel like i can move a certain percentage of my body weight better and do it for more reps than i could when i was heavier so i think and also uh i'm a big fan of like body weight movements so it took a year off and didn't lift any weights but it was doing chin-ups and dips and a variety of different ways for push-ups and things like that so i would say about half of my workout routine is actually using my body weight for i do weighted chin ups weighted dips push-ups things like that but then i do deadlifts and squats but that pretty much encompasses all my workout and i just work out with weights about twice a week and it's real quick like 20 minutes maybe twice a week and then in between those pretty pretty hardcore workouts you're walking the dogs and just filling in with uh minor body weight things or yeah yeah and i do a lot of work around the house too we live on a farm here and we made a little island out in our lake and this weekend i was literally pulling out the uh cattails and it was like it was i told my wife it was like dead lifting for three to four hours pulling the cattails off and then walking up the incline of the the island and then like putting them on the top and i was just doing that i was like completely exhausted it was like the biggest work so i do stuff like that we have a lot of land we have cows on the land and there's a lot of fence like about to almost two miles of fence and there's always falling down and knocking the fence down so i'm out there with a chainsaw cutting stuff up you know repairing the fence doing it's like usually about 15-20 hours a week just doing that and that kind of keeps me in shape and i do walk the dogs every day sometimes twice a day and then i squeeze in two weightlifting workouts a week to just keep that strength maintenance the farm life for dom dagostino thank you so much for all these insights it was a a wild journey through the the world of ketones and more uh where can people connect further with you yeah thanks for asking uh ketonutrition.org so all one word keto nutrition.org check out our blog which hits many topics everything from the ketogenic diet for cancer we have guest writers for example registered dietitians that work with patients that you know have their links to their services there but we delve into many topics that we discussed here but in a much deeper way in the blog and sign up for our newsletter too in the newsletter i usually uh tell people about what i'm doing you know and then a month or two later i'll do a blog about it or something like that so our newsletter our products that we like experiments that i'm doing you know and usually an important research topic that is sort of you know new research that's coming out we'll do we'll highlight it in the newsletter fantastic thank you dom thank you listeners that's a wrap

- Ketogenic Diet Explained - The TRUTH with Dom D'Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys back with another video log and very special guest today I've known this guy for 10 years now at least Timmy I mean we met a little over 10 years ago but I go back to the bhagavata compact yeah yeah so this is Professor Dom D'Agostino and Dom is known as basically one of the foremost researchers of the key to Ching Dai in the world and like I said we we first met online on the bodybuilding.com forms you would be PD five five five Sarah I'm done like that yeah yeah and I was a straight flex back in those days and you know I remember we were going to meet at a scientific conference and everybody kept saying and good luckily good luck like try it train together tomorrow strong guy and I see him like doing chest flies with 120s a man-crush was forever bored so but that's not me we're not here to reminisce today we're here to talk about the ketogenic diet because I get a lot of questions from you guys about the ketogenic diet and also get a lot of misunderstanding of my position on the ketogenic diet sale ain't you you hate the ketogenic diet or you said the ketogenic diet doesn't work and that's not true but first and I actually had a ton of people saying how can you be friends with Tom like he promotes the ketogenic diet I said I'm not anti Aikido I'm not anti intermittent fasting I'm not anti I'm only anti [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's the only thing I'm anti for so but I figured you know what better way to to kind of like educate people than to have somebody who is perceived as anti keto with somebody who's perceived as protein or a keto fits all applications yeah yeah exactly yeah I think people think these polarizing opinions tend to create a of an online community that debate each other and it's entertaining to some degree but kind of sad because they're us interpreting the big picture yeah so let's let's talk about it first so first off kind of give us the brief background of like how you got involved the queue genic diet and specifically its applications like cancer or seizures Alzheimer's like how did you kind of combine us well when I met you what was I was studying I was presenting do you remember actually is presenting the cancer yeah yeah so my original work was as a postdoctoral fellow after I did my PhD in neuroscience looking at effects of hypoxia my brain was to look at the effects of hyperoxia on the brain and that causes oxygen toxicity seizures and we don't don't have a way to predict or prevent oxygen toxicity which is a limitation for hyperbaric oxygen therapy and also Navy SEAL divers that use a closed-circuit rebreather and so the first grant that I got was to basically develop technologies that allow us to from a cellular and molecular level understand high pressure oxygen does to cells and in the process of developing the technologies and using it on a broad array of cell lines we discovered that one of the things was that high oxygen can be damaging and actually can kill cancer cells and another sort of thing that we discovered was that or through my searching around kind of what do people do that have tonic-clonic seizures what do they do when drugs don't work what are their options and when it was a ketogenic diet which at the time and this goes back in was ten ten years ago I thought I knew what the ketogenic diet was actually but in looking further I realized that it was primarily a very high fat diet a classical heating to die is 90 percent fat and it's big misconception a lot of people have especially it's not a high-protein diet so at the time the modified ketogenic diet that was sort of further developed and advanced by Eric Cassavetes on top ken's didn't really exist yet so so this ketogenic diet appeared to be very effective for you know managing seizures independent of the etiology so independent of how these powerful seizures were produced had an anti-seizure anticonvulsant effect or neuro protective effect against oxygen toxicity it would it would appear and the experts were telling me that it would be a good thing to study so in the process what was the mechanism for that of the ketogenic diet yeah preventing seizures so that's it's interesting because there's not one mechanism it's many different mechanisms working in synchrony so some of the things that we study are well without getting into the weeds I think the it's it's important to acknowledge that ketones are a source of energy that your brain runs on when you're on a ketogenic diet so and they provide a source of energy for the brain but they also have things like anti-inflammatory effects on the brain they activate genes they when you're in a state of ketosis it causes your brain to maintain homeostasis under conditions or would otherwise have a neuro metabolic failure which would be high pressure oxygen or if you have a brain tumor or if you have hypoglycemia so if you go to hypoglycemic shock with for example an injection of insulin would drop your blood glucose and you go hypoglycemic it was observed back in 1967 and fasting patients that when they were given a dose of insulin that would be universally fatal that people who had fasted were asymptomatic for most of all I RVs have come yes that study actually was a powerful motivator for me to actually look at ketones as a neuro protective substance and maybe exogenous forms to is what we study that study was done by dr. George Cahill and Oliver Owen was a clinician Network than a lab at the time so which is very interesting they fasted patients for 40 days and did a series of studies on them and in a clinical setting that was apparently approved by IRB they injected 20 I use of insulin and brought glucose down to down to 1 to 2 milli molar Wow which causes seizures coma and could be fatal but subjects were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia and they didn't have brain damage so which was amazing and this is was in the medical literature and other similar reports like that so it gave me it was a personal to become the reason they're not going into the hug glycemic shock when you when you give a big load of insulin and you drive blood glucose down is that because if you're just using glucose if that's your primary fuel that fuel also just runs out yeah and and whereas ketones give you an alternate fuel to switch to starving your brain of its primary source of energy and prior to 1965 it was thought that the brain could only use glucose exclusively as a source of energy and and in 1967 I think when that got published it literally kind of changed our view of brain energy metabolism so ketones could make the brain very resilient against extreme hypoglycemia and it appears to make the brain stabilize brain energy metabolism and neurotransmission which means the balance in our transmitters under conditions that would typically call the seizure and that could be neurotoxic agents what we study high pressure oxygen which cause oxygen toxicity seizures and you know the etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown and it's caused by many different things and it seems to work almost universally across all different seizure types as well so with that understanding and I became interested and I mean I guess you could say even obsessed with understanding you know how can we leverage this alternative energy fuel that only is kind of produced in our body under very extreme circumstances of prolonged fasting or starvation or this draconian ketogenic diet that was like eating you know Crisco and large and a little bit of protein just and you know maintaining a large tan but the diet has evolved significantly since the traditional kinetic dies very hard to get to do that because you're almost always going to get too much protein and carbohydrate you're literally eating even something like bacon is probably a little too high protein for a 90% fat diet you know yeah you've only got a like butter or peanut butter is even to high-carbon to fat sources not be completely keto so people don't realize that this is it's actually a like no the modify kita checked on Johanna talk was little reason yeah yeah this is not it's not necessarily an easy thing to environment to create this what he's trying to say I need don't want to try to implement it for the metabolic management of a clinical disorder without the use of skilled dietician registered dietitian so in a registered dietitian that's savvy with the Keefe junk diet because they're kind of low and far between it's gonna be hard to be nutritionally balanced yeah so much faster so carbohydrate that's one of the major drawbacks is you know vitamin and mineral deficiencies and whatnot but obviously and contain supplement for that too yeah so I've interrupted please continue we have I mean all really valid points ok so I was saying like how I got into this yeah this idea of you know understanding why these seizures occur but I get more importantly actually developing a mitigation strategy or a countermeasure to make you know special-operations died being safer and to not impair their performance so antiepileptic drugs could be an option to prevent the potential for option toxicity seizures but obviously they impaired performance and potentially safety - so the ketogenic diet seemed like a pretty good option at the time our program manager who's more or less control trolling the money and the grants didn't really like the idea of this high-fat ketogenic diet and a warfighter so kind of reached out and said your idea may have some merit if you develop a ketogenic diet in a drug right or you know send it send this of reporters and some ideas on how to do that but on their defense I mean they may be looking from a field operational perspective they may just be in a situation where they don't have access to that and implementation right so if you got a warfighter who needs to go down and do a mission so the key tank diet takes 24 maybe 72 hours or more to get into a state of ketosis yes the same thing with fasting with an exogenous ketone you know supplement ester or salt or whatever you could be in ketosis within an hour and then maintain that for hours to come so that was sort of the idea and he was observed that you know people had been studying this actually those you know I saw that agencies like DARPA were funding labs at for example National Institutes of Health dr. Richard each former student of Homs CREB the Krebs cycle and a researchers at Oxford University were doing some fantastic you know work looking at the effects on exercise and other things in the heart so that motivated me to determine what type of exogenous ketone could be synthesized and formulated and we wanted to evaluate that in the lab that I show you today using various model systems and to vet out what what types of ketones would have would be most neuroprotective and anti you know anticonvulsant so in the process of doing that you know we discovered a ketone ester that was very potent in its ability to prevent seizures and then since then I would say you know we're working with a wide variety of exogenous ketones that are formulated in different ways and then that are in and up themselves you know exotic even and these these are formulated together to even be more potent and they have different applications so the main the only clinical application for the huge ranked diet when I started studying this with pediatric epilepsy hmm but if you do a Google search you know you see extremely large increase in people searching about the ketogenic diet for other application things like autism things like it's a course type-2 diabetes may be the low-hanging fruit for people that can follow the ketogenic diet and a whole host of neurological disorders - and even just enhancing maybe brain energy and cognition and do you think the company there's a common thread of providing some kind of alternative fuel source obviously we have something like diabetes you know type 1 diabetes you know they can't really use glucose and so they have to use exogenous insulin so if you had some used ketogenic they theoretically could minimize or even discard insulin use because you provide that alternate fuel I risk you run you know a type a type 1 diabetic can't run the risk of diabetic ketoacidosis right so without insulin you have run away ketogenesis and you have the scenario where you have hyperglycemia and high ketones and that creates the acidosis and could be fatal that's a very dangerous situation but if you are if you do have type 1 diabetes and you follow a low-carb even a ketogenic diet approach that will significantly reduce your dependence on insulin to where you are using instead of 20 IU's a day you could be used 2 to 4 IU's a day and have much tighter blood glucose whenever you're using less insulin to manage type 1 diabetes and control your glucose to me that's and I want to be clear - a lot of people make a big deal about like ketogenic diet and ketoacidosis that is only a situation where you have high insulin with high ketones in type 1 diabetics so yes insulin in some rare cases it can you know in kids they can become mildly you know cute acidotic but usually you can correct that with electrolytes and fluids and things like that but it's pretty much exclusively only a situation that would occur with insulin insufficiency that is you know characteristic of type 1 diabetes so it's not a concern nutritional ketosis is distinctly different than diabetic you I suppose they are two separate things completely by the most part talk about telefon so you kind of by accidents don't belong the anti-cancer effects yeah the ketogenic time can you explain a little bit about why you think the ketogenic type or exogenous ketones seem to have at least some cell lines that you studied anti-tumor effect so there's a variety of different reasons and it is for complex and relatively complex and relatively simple so it's been kind of beautiful turning it out don't down forgot you so some of the initial observations when I was in touring you in the lab we observed that cancer cells over produce oxygen free radicals in response to graded levels of oxygenation so simply put like we studied a broad array of cell lines and we expose them to different levels of oxygen and a particular cell line that we were working with called u87 leo glioblastoma cells are you 87 mg cells these cells were kind of interesting because at the time I didn't fully acknowledge you know that they came from a patient you know I just where he was using them as an immortalized cell line to test various technologies for different reasons but we observed that when exposed to oxygen they over produce free radicals and it damages the membrane and trigger cell death and I didn't know why that was occurring and when I delved into it I kind of discovered that cells cancer cells that are particularly aggressive and glycolytic which we were working with a brain tumor cell line had what we would call Warburg phenotype and Otto Warburg was a biochemist almost 100 years ago and kind of discovered metabolic differences between cells normal cells and cancer cells and his sort of theory or have been shown and a wide variety of cancer cells probably 80 to 90 percent is that they have defective mitochondria or impaired oxidative phosphorylation which is how mitochondria make energy of the cancer cells and they have compensatory fermentation and this basically means that they utilize substances outside independent of the mitochondria to make energy to make ATP glycolysis and substrate level phosphorylation to make ATP so they are not you know using because they have damaged mitochondria they revert back to a more archaic energy system and there's various things that are turned on within the cell when it becomes damaged so as a normal cell gets damaged or various genes are turned on oncogenes that can damage the mitochondria and as a normal cell transformed into a cancer cell it relies less on oxidated phosphorylation from the mitochondria and more on substrate level phosphorylation glycolysis that occur outside the mitochondria so so that brings me to the point where when we expose these cancer cells to high levels of oxygen because the mitochondria are damaged in a way but the damage and glycolysis create an advantage for the cancer himself so I'll kind of that's the whole other thing that you get but and that's some debates around that but as the cancer cells as they as the mitochondria utilize oxygen and they spit out I guess you would say a proportionally higher amount of oxygen free radicals so I didn't know why this was happening and as a figure I saw lots of mitochondria in cancer cells but I didn't realize you know they had high rates of reactive oxygen species that they actually use for their growth and proliferation but cancer cells typically grow in a low oxygen environment so if we produce a high oxygen environment that could be a way to increase oxidative stress so that's the whole kind of using high oxygen but more importantly coming back to ketones is that it was obvious to me that I knew that ketones were metabolized exclusively in the mitochondria to make ATP and if cancer cells have damaged mitochondria then in theory then they couldn't really shouldn't be able to use ketones effectively as a source of energy as much as normal healthy cells so so cancer cells have so there's a qualitative and a quantitative effect here so cancer cells have less mitochondria and they'll in the mitochondria that they have are defective in a way where they do not have the oxidative phosphorylation capacity to make ATP so kind of going back to that providing an alternative yeah alternative fuels substrate if yeah essentially kind of starving cancer I guess would be probably in a layman's way of yeah putting it but also providing healthy cells with a alternative substrate of fuel exactly additional ketosis and they'd be an effective approach we think of it as a kind of like an adjuvant so something that can help you know slow down the growth of cancer and it does it through a number of ways probably the three biggest being it limits glucose availability so you virtually eliminate or significantly attenuate the spikes in glucose that would typically happen with a carbohydrate feedings and those spikes and glucose are usually accompanied by spikes and insulin and we know all scientists all cancer biologists will pretty much tell you that the levels of glucose and and the levels of insulin for the most part can drive cancer growth and deliberations that their major mitogens that drive cancer growth and proliferation so these are significantly attenuated with a ketogenic diet and further decreased with calorie restriction which is in some cases is an important part of the ketogenic diet and you have an elevation of ketones which is a little more controversial ketones are not great fuel for most cancer cells that especially they have damaged mitochondria some cancer cell lines do Express keto lytic enzymes and may use ketones as a source of energy but ketones have also been shown to inhibit various glycolytic pathway so they may even further suppress the cancer cells ability to use glucose as a fuel and so you see more of the aggressive cell lines they have my message phenotype yeah so I guess you know what that doesn't work for all no I think more indolent cancers things that like don't show up hot on a PET scan are probably things ourselves that are not rapidly dividing are not tumors that are growing fast anyway I think there would be less responsive if responsive at all to the ketogenic diet so there are some cancer cell lines that have been shown to use fatty acids as a source of energy and if you're feeding your body fat all right is that fueling cancer that's a question that we have and that we're looking into it's important to acknowledge though that when you go on a ketogenic diet typically your your blood levels of fat go down so I know my triglycerides got you know are cut in half actually they were like almost 100 and now they're like 30 or 40 right so basically get better mm-hmm tabla is in exactly so eating a high fat ketogenic diet actually lowers the fats in my blood so if I did you know if someone does have a cancer that is feeding off fat for energy one of the biggest the most effective ways to lower your triglyceride levels would be to go on a carbohydrate restricted ketogenic diet because when you're eating carbohydrates your body will burn the carbohydrates and spare the fats so the fats will be in your blood and we'll be feeding the tissues potentially cancer cells that are thriving on fat so this would be in the context I'm also an overall caloric restriction exactly so that was my next thing and I believe I mean you have better insight into this but I think things like intermittent fasting things like the ketogenic diet you know the ketogenic diet or carbohydrate restriction these things to me personally and you know people that I communicate with make a calorie deficit feasible make it easier and I think that's probably the major advantage from maybe a body composition point of view is because if you don't have spikes and glucose and insulin you're not going to have fluctuations in your energy level you're probably not going to have big cravings so if you do go hypoglycemic you're not gonna go you're not going to feel it because the ketones are elevated kind of keeping your brain happy and energized and I think for me that's why I could stay here so lanes intermittent fasting right now I didn't haha since AC he's like he's alert he's functioning better than I've ever seen him before so he just admitted to me he said four shots of whiskey before this and I ate early this morning so I'm going on about 12 hours of fasting so I don't do it we found some one things I did in graduate school yeah some of my research actually showed that if you look I always used to eat every two hours you know yeah in a vital point in time if I went more than two hours or two or three hours I would get hungry yeah I said well I couldn't eat less frequently because I get hungry well one of my research studies basically kind of said to me looking at protein synthetic refractoriness that eating that often was possibly counterproductive so I switched to eating every four to five hours and actually found that I didn't get nearly as hungry because my body is getting ramping up those endogenous systems that deal with you know Bukhatir genesis or fuel mobilization but yeah I mean what you the point you make about caloric restriction is great and I think we both limit how much then you know name your name your diet you know intermittent fasting ketogenic paleo vegan all these things work but they work because they create a caloric restriction right in terms of body composition sorry there's no tomato bollock advantage that the ketogenic do I get asked that question a lot if you're in state of heavy ketosis all day there may be maybe a hundred calories of acetyl acetate and the ketones urine but that's really not much at all and it's not enhancing your metabolism in a way that's giving you a metabolic advantage the big advantage is that it's controlling your appetite I think hmm and instead of your apps I controlling you you know which was the case with me when I was eating quite frequently pretty much with rice and fish or rice and chicken yeah 100 hundred yeah I mean there was a study done in 2007 I think it was an American Journal of Clinical Nutrition at Arizona State some people argued it wasn't long enough those six weeks was Johnston and they looked at ketogenic versus non ketogenic and they found that body compound comes for the same but very much everything was the same and so I think what that says is you know do what you like you know if you if you prefer a ketogenic lifestyle then it's not going to harm you you know like there's a some people say like we were at the ISSN conference years ago and somebody's making a big deal about you know if you're on a ketogenic diet your performance is gonna drop off and I say I actually jumped in so with that that's just not true if you're Tom endurance you know and once your key to adapted it should be relatively the same you know like I mean I go to the gym I haven't been there but yeah well you've done it when your if your calories are sufficient unless you're well you train high volume so might workouts are typically at the most maybe 45 minutes and I'm not depleting my glycogen yeah so I mean the Coolidge Inuk is you still have glycogen because you make glucose from protein it also will want to store it because you're training yeah and because you're using mostly fats for fuel you could store that glycogen yeah and even I mean during a workout you know you using a little bit of glucose obviously it's an aerobic I do you might be running a little bit lower on muscle glycogen but primarily the glycogen is going to be lower primarily in your liver and not so much of your liver glycogen is probably a little less for sure but muscle glycogen pretty much stays topped off unless you're at a calorie deficit and if you're supplementing you know I do advise like people who start KJ diets is to supplement things like creatine monohydrate which may help them in them because you have a diuretic effect it may be a loss of some electrolytes that may hit you initially when you get to the gym and a drop in your blood volume you become hypovolemic you're gonna have things like orthostatic hypotension agenting diet because when insulin gets low and it stays low when you're eating ketogenic you dump sodium with it so insulin causes sodium retention right so that's why when you're low carb and you eat a lot of carbs and you blow up you're not getting fat you're retaining a water because that sodium is causing the reabsorption of a lot of water and retention of water so these are kind of things that people may not you know fully acknowledge but when you go key to joint you got to drink lots of water lots of sodium to maintain the water I think even taking creatine from my personal experience loading up on creatine when you start helps too and that's that's great points and I think you know what we would say is like basically do what you prefer we code the body composition becomes a performance and I do it you preference thing - yeah right I like you know but understanding that like I would tell people that if you are going to go to a ketogenic lifestyle to do so with the understanding that it is a lifestyle and that if you were going to be somebody who's going to be trying it oh I want to do ketogenic for two weeks or three weeks or whatever it's probably that'd be good to be kicking yourself in out of ketosis you know here and there you're not going to get the full benefits of it because you really have to adhere and sustain to it for a period of time - really for all the full benefits to manifest so the longer you do it there's a learning curve the easier it gets and the more benefits you derive from it so you really got to stick with it for a period of time and then after that you can decide and the erence is an individual thing and the number one thing for dietary successes adherence that's it so for some people like me I do better with more flexibility and the more foods I could like I love my ice cream I love you know but I can include that I can be restricted and so far as you know and so far as tracking us some people that is more restrictive to them yeah psychologically to have to track and do those sorts of things whereas they can say you know what if I eat Kida genic I'm gonna itself restrict because it's gonna be hard to overeat when I'm completely eliminating on food ground now you can't do it I am ketogenic ice cream and Kyojin oh yeah so that's the world of but there's a lot of industries popping up now that are making ketogenic brownies you know ketogenic cookies keto cookie you know go brownie look that up these are things I think I every single night a ketogenic brownie Akito cookie and no foods how to create a whole line of like really low carb things so so there's there's an emerging market right now that actually making these comfort foods that would make follow a ketogenic diet feasible and enjoyable and not hard at all so I think that's what to do that's what didn't yeah five years ago so now that exists and keep in mind again these are not high-protein foods these are low to moderate protein low carb high fat so you know not necessarily from my macro people out there not necessarily macro friendly especially if you're restricting fat but real quick one more the point I wanted to cover cuz this is something that came up recently you time on ketogenic products so there was a study done where they gave ketone esters to cyclists and they saw a drop in performance yeah and you know a lot of people have been taking the study plastering all over Facebook and and to me when I when I looked at this f you know I always say like I said to you it would make sense that alternative fuel source might provide some advantages and there was there were some other studies that showed that they did provide some advantages and I you know when when research is contradictory my first inclination is not saying well somebody's made this up well my first thing is to go okay let's look at the study design so can you what would do you have any comments or anything that could explain the differences between the studies in terms of performance yeah I think so I you know I know this I think it's a good example of what not to do so home if I'm going to compete in a race or you know expect to use a substance that I would call an ERG agenda Kade and expect to have a and increase in performance I would want to test that agent on myself to assess my tolerant tolerance to it my tolerability and probably do a dose response to figure out what I can tolerate and and how to use it right so you wouldn't want to run a marathon and take a new substance that would upset your stomach and then expect you perform deaf performance enhancement you know using it and that's kind of what we get with a study and I understand the reasons why I think they associated the ingestion of the ketone ester with a GI upset these things are expensive to produce they're made in limited quantities you don't want to spend you know you know money on ten liters of ketone ester to figure out what's optimized you know so and that's I learn a lot from looking at these studies because I'm working in various capacities to assist different labs to to understand so there's many different types of ketones out there dozens of different varieties of ketones ketones salts and these things are formulated in different ways and even different types of ketones esters I can think of you know a half a dozen different so I think what we need to understand as a community I'm primarily working on therapeutic applications but also some performance applications is to vet out what types of ketones actually may have an organic effect and to understand their dose response curves and their tolerability and to firmly studying in the population from a pharmacokinetic standpoint and tolerability before actually you know giving it to a subject and expecting them to perform better in an exercise test but and it's definitely I've had people who don't take caffeine during training all the sudden they're there before meat they want to do a big thing of caffeine and I'm like yeah bad idea you know no idea what its gonna do like and even if it works the way it's supposed to you might be shaky you might not know how to handle you know like it's not a good idea it's you know it's probably good to understand how you respond and then taper it yeah or something like that I did the same thing with glucose so I'm on a ketogenic diet been on a Kijang diet for like eight or nine years so I wanted to I was testing different ketone esters and a different ketone supplements and I wanted to figure out what kind of performance advantage I would have if I took sixty grams of glucose with the ketone ester and when I did that I took the glucose it made me absolutely sick to my stomach again nausea and cramps and my blood glucose I got the shakes I remember it gave me a kind of a flashback of when I used to eat carbs and I went hypoglycemic I would start sweating and shaking and I got this this reaction so it's kind of an idea you know this I don't really need to train with something and test it especially if you're going to test it and you know do a study on it it's know is it it's also like new different competitions like you wouldn't just buy a new belt that you've never used before there's that on the day of Nationals you know or use a diuretic yeah yeah so I know you promote like water restriction and not drinking Oh somebody we got the gangster glasses coming down over dog I mean we her I mean you know I'm sure you hear and I were back when I used to you know follow bodybuilding that you know people would come up to the time of competition and they would enjoy and get cramps and all these side effects and never had to use the diuretic before yeah well they change 80 different variables and then they wonder why they don't look as good at competition as they did in the gym and it's like well duh you know or even water restriction or water or drinking a lot of cutting sodium or all these different things you know you don't expect a positive outcome if you introduce some that's new to your physiology right a new kind of literally a turn into fuel yeah and and there's a lot of look you can look at anything that I'll just give one example before we finish up you know I saw a poster and he be a few years back access the home we went to so 10 years ago and it showed that people who are following a high carb diet we're better at clearing the glucose challenge than the high fat diet and they could see their conclusion was that the a high fat diet impairs insulin sensitivity I said I walked route to the goseck this isn't what your data says at all what it says is these people are better adapted to glucose metabolism yeah and these people are going to adapt to the fat metabolism and you challenge them with glucose of course they didn't clear it well do the reverse challenge both groups with a fat challenge and see which one clears it faster and I promise you it'll be the group that has so it's just it's whatever your body's adapted to people ask me all the time like like for example do just body comp make a difference between you know carbohydrates or fats protein and calories equated we don't think so but I think one thing that's important to say is whatever carb fat breakdown you choose be consistent with that because even if you're not ketogenic if you're fluctuating wildly from higher fat to lower fat higher carb lower carb from day to day I think that's probably gonna be really hard for your body to get into rhythm and get adapted to it perform well with maybe I do I mean I promote you know this idea of metabolic flexibility too so I think it may be good to do intermittent ketosis so follow the ITO genic diet for a period of time to maybe get some of the body composition changes and that literally makes you know changes in your physiology that I believe you know carries over I mean you've probably did appliance that I remember you tell me like the first time you die it gets easier every time like your body kind of knows what to do and sort of the same thing I could say the same thing with fasting right so the first time you class is kind of hard so you know the first time you do it it's very painful but then when you do it again it's like your body knows kind of what to do it almost feel you it feels like your body knows what to do it's literally not only painless but kind of enjoyable well it's PTSD yeah there's you know people do fasting for different reasons yeah actually I did it you know initially because I wanted to understand is Hawaii because it's a fasting ketosis fasting I mean I could do a whole podcast on why fasting it's anabolic do you want to do oh well do that tomorrow told me all the time but well so if they're gonna be set insulin sensitivity to some extent that could be yeah so I guess people just give them a quick breakdown like what'd you do what'd you recommend for a ketogenic diet for the modified you J done okay well I don't recommend people do what I do that's so but what I do and feedback from other people things that have worked is that the classical ketogenic diet is something that you don't want to do unless you're metabolically managing like epilepsy or another that's a clinical ketogenic diet that you need consultant form and medical medical advice work so I personally follow a modified ketogenic diet the macronutrient ratios vary from about 25 percent to 30 some days you know up to 35 percent the balance of calories being from a mix of different types of fats and and my carbohydrates come from green vegetable salads cauliflower mashed potatoes you know asparagus I have a little bit of berries every night probably because that's cauliflower mash potatoes he means he takes CallFire steams the crap out of it and makes it like mashed potato yeah nothing to use mashed potatoes as a source yeah so what I advice to people is like pick the foods write down the food if you want to do the ketogenic diet write down the foods that you like and actually take those foods and make it into a ketogenic diet it's a lot easier than if you like chicken and steak and things like that so you get steak that's fatty cut you get chicken with the skin on it you get fatty fish if you like mashed potatoes do cauliflower mashed potatoes if you like you know brownies get Akito brownie get keto cookies so these foods are emerging too but typically kind of pick the foods that you like the low carb version and add fat to it so when you when you cook your spinach or broccoli you can put lots of butter on it when you do your salad don't use the non-fat dressing use like maybe an NCT based oil which and medium chain triglycerides are ketogenic fats that can help your body boost and ketones so there are little tricks you know and there's tons of ketogenic diet books out there that have recipes there's you know website my website keto Nutrition orgy has lots of resources on there and a half dozen or more different different books that allow you any person really to implement the ketogenic diet and in ways that I think are palatable and enjoyable cool well I don't do the kajmak diet I love my I love my carb foods but I think what I want to close with is that you know there is no one-size-fits-all and everything is tools in the tool belt and if I had some kind of metabolic abnormality like cancer like see like seizures epilepsy Alzheimer's you know are type one diabetes I would consider a ketogenic diet because it is a tool in a tool belt and I think you guys always need to remember like let's not throw the baby out with the bathwater right just because some people irresponsibly promote the ketogenic diet and give it properties it doesn't have it doesn't mean it's a complete waste of time and I see this too much in nutritional science just like I wouldn't say fasting is necessarily a waste you know we don't know everything so everything's tools in the tool belt in arts to cancer I just want to interject a real quick so the ketogenic diet is not a cure for cancer so make that very clear I promote it whenever we study the ketogenic diet it's an adjuvant to something else so it can further augment the therapeutic efficacy of standard of care therapies which you should do if your type of cancer is has been shown to be responsive to standard of care by all means you know use the standard care therapies the things that we study are relatively resistant to standard of care of metastatic cancer brain cancer but we are studying the ketogenic diet or what we call nutritional ketosis diet and supplementation as an adjuvant the standard of care - grape to enhance it saying I've never heard you say it's a cure people put down those words in come on yeah well thanks Dom we appreciate this as an awesome in here and what did you say they could find you again the keto nutrition all one word orgy so I have a lot of resources on there there's consultants there's clinical trials there's how-to books there's doctors on there a lot of information about what we talked about today thanks man appreciate his life round

  Top Comments:
  1. @White-b3z [27 likes]: I struggled with the keto diet too much, I just felt exhausted. We are supposed to enjoy the food we eat and with keto that's close to impossible. That's why I tried the Agoge diet and it works great.
  2. @Datingdumb [20 likes]: By far the best diet is the Agoge diet because it works great and is easy to follow. Keto is simply harmful and hard to stick with.
  3. @truthbetold6496 [2 likes]: This is amazing. Once you are keto adapted with electrolytes creatine you will be fine. But its true that keto offers no anabolic advantage. This is why i follow layne etc... nothing but the truth
  4. @Manny-gf9gm [1 likes]: Keto works...but keeping protein high carbs low is best
  5. @SPM-tv [1 likes]: I am anti that hat Layne
  6. @chadrandazzo2305 [1 likes]: Probably the only keto proponent I take seriously, awesome video!
  7. @jordanpostle8641: 8 years later and he is in fact anti keto and hates the diets.
  8. @steelfalconx2000: Layne looks so different with glasses on. Great conversation guys!
  9. @cactuscanine3531: “I’m anti bullshit” needs to be a t shirt
  10. @theragingepileptic: Keto gave me iron overload. Horrible diet.
  11. @CRD69: Fasting is easier for me starting from ketosis. Going directly from carbs to fasting is grueling.
  12. @asianmyth1716: i think flexible dieting is the best route for fat loss..it is nearly impossible for large majority of people to stay on ketogenic diet.like layne said..its a life style...well good luck for those choosing this life style.i  like my fruit veg ice cream peanut butter choc...i can eat all that and still keep losing fat..I always qoute layne ...its all comes down to calories deficit homies...
  13. @neophate: Lyne u hate everything seriously you are just a suckers
  14. @FeedTheTroll88: Our guy is a terrible interviewer.  When you have a guest most people want to hear from them, or else why have them on?  Still it was good to introduce this guest so other can look him up if interested.
  15. @FeedTheTroll88: I can do keto standing on my head until my wife brings home donuts or bakes muffins and cookies and pies for family and friends.
  16. @FeedTheTroll88: This intro music reminds me of Jim Henson’s “The Storyteller” series…
  17. @royal_thakur5183: GOOd
  18. @Thekoreancouponer: Why is this an interview without mics??? Its so hard to hear you both. 😒
  19. @deadpres9534: How about the chance of mental retardation and the fact that it can destroy the way your body works forever? These 2 points? Anyone? I have had biology professors tell me that it can do those things.
  20. @xelionizer: Thanks! This is very informative! The only appeal I have for future interviews, would be to have better audio;) cheers m8

- Supercharge Your Brain and Body: Inside the World of Ketones and Neuroperformance: Kind: captions Language: en if your body is a factory and it's used to running off a glucose based metabolism carbohydrate metabolism and you dramatically limit carbohydrate availability suppress the hormone insulin it's not like you're going to be burning fat at an accelerated rate and making ketones it's going to take a long time there's so many things that need to adjust to be even able to tolerate a carbohydrate restricted diet a high fat diet over time and then you have energy systems there's going to be a required adaptation over time to get benefits over a ketogenic diet [Music] [Applause] well Dominic here we are on the know your physio podcast I've had the chance to digest your work online and some of your you know some of your research over the past few years actually that I've been following you and what I'm most impressed by because you have without a doubt objectively an extremely impressive resume and you're so accomplished in this field but what I'm most impressed by is your ability to distill this information and your ability well your passion for enabling this in your personal health and well-being and I can tell that the research is really a part of your lifestyle and I think that's one of the most valuable things that I try to accomplish in this format on this podcast for my listeners is helping them enable a lot of the science because I think a lot of people will take old science that is now finally established and by the time that they Implement these habits it's like there's new stuff and you're always on top of it you're always doing more research and you're fighting for the citizen time scientist so I want to welcome you on the show and I hope we can explore a conversation that gives these folks more incentive and more data more evidence to improve the quality of life thank you I appreciate being on and I appreciate what you're doing with education Outreach too it's a big part of kind of what I've been doing just being on podcasts we I host the metabolic link podcast and also a conference the metabolic Health Summit uh which is really uh early on I didn't know I was going to go in that direction because I kind of hated public speaking but we realized this information is important to get out and it's fun to share especially if you could do both at the same time you know it's like and give other people the platform to talk about it so I appreciate you giving me this platform to speak about it absolutely it's my pleasure and if we can start with metabolic Health how would you define metabolic health and specifically what does everyone need to know about metabolic health I think most people might be maybe I don't know intimidated by the the verbiage there the wording what does it actually mean and how can people appreciate that definition uh I like to kind of from a really broad term just do it cardio metabolic health and anything that's going to be healthy and optimal for your cardiovascular system is also going to be you know uh ideal for your brain so my my training is physiology and Neuroscience and uh what's good for your heart it's good for your brain so I think it's really important uh to longitudinally know like you know over time if you don't have Baseline blood work like a comprehensive metabolic panel uh CMP or CBC you know your listeners definitely need to go out and do that like you know if you have health care if you have health insurance that's covered at least once a year sometimes twice a year so go and get that done and in addition to a comprehensive metabolic panel on CBC you should also do add a number of different things that is not really going to cost that much like your your fasting insulin your hemoglobin A1c uh your you know your cholesterol APO B is probably important too it might be like 50 bucks to add APO B um and probably I like to tell people to add to high sensity C-reactive protein HS you know hscrp uh and know your blood pressure of course and and also get a dexa skin Stan scan sorry uh so to look at your body composition that's going to be really important and also your bone mineral density over time and I've seen in particular in women that have contacted me how it goes down I think that's due to some you know different diets that they're on uh or caloric restriction or just losing body mass can impact your bone mineral density so but taking a step back yeah metabolic health is something that you don't want to make it too complicated right so it's probably at its most simple level is just like your body composition and then your Fitness level and that could be your VO2 max or can you do you know if you're a guy can you do 40 push-ups if you're a girl can you do like 10 push-ups pull-ups things like that so these are very Baseline what I consider kind of functional uh biomarkers so there's functional biomarkers then there's blood biomarkers and then there's things like you know your VO2 max and uh body composition you know biomarkers dexa so these are all things uh that you should know and you should have a baseline because as you age you know when I was in when I was your age in my 20s and 30s you know I didn't care about these things but now as I'm approaching 50 you know I realize man it would be great to have a dexo when I was 20. I did have actually blood work in my teens I was on uh a drug for acne so I had to get like routine blood work so I kept all that I always ask my doctor for uh for like you know blood work so I could just keep it and I have a record of all that so I can look back to see what my liver enzymes were and things like that so I would encourage people listening to this just to get Baseline measurements and that's going to be value if you if you really value your health especially metabolic Health which is the foundation of your personal health that that data is going to be important and once we take this data and we start to make certain Lifestyle Changes what can we feel as far as let's say improving metabolic healthy besides seeing the markers on paper change how does it feel to improve your metabolic health yeah that's probably the most important thing right it's like how when you go to a doctor you know you're maybe your hormones could be low or things could be out of whack but the most important thing that he's focused on at least in modern medicines like how do you feel right so you are going to feel as your metabolic Health improves your body's ability to uh convert macronutrients proteins carbohydrates and fats into energy currency ATP this is like the most simple description will improve right it's our ability to make energy at the level of the mitochondria improves and our metabolic health is tightly coupled to what we study in the lab which is mitochondrial Health right so we have different tools we can measure mitochondria the seahorse biosciences we can look at mitochondrial ATP production Ross production uh under different conditions where we feed cells animals and humans different macronutrients and then we look at outcome measures uh so we know that we could uh even at the level of the cell if we improve the energy flow of the cell by optimizing what the cell is eating meaning giving it different nutrients and then we hit that cell even in an in vitro preparation with stress it could be hypoxia it could be hyperoxia it could be an oxidative stress challenge it could be high levels of glutamate or potassium or something like that when that when the bioenergetic state of the cell is optimized and the cell can make ATP and also produce you can stabilize the bioenergetic state of the cell in the context of a of a oxidative stress environment and what we do is like we challenge it with hypercapnia hyperoxia things like that uh that is that will have a translational effect you know in my career I've moved from cell based systems to animal systems and now we do human studies right so it is very obvious to me that if you can alter metabolic Health but also the the various metabolites that the body is using for energy that you can confer protection and produce what we call in you know military medicine we call it uh performance resilience so being able to achieve and maintain the same outcome and task uh you know whether that be cognitive function tasks you're not using like the NASA TLX we have the NIH toolbox we have different you know functional things that we do in various operational you know studies if we can preserve that the function of that task under extreme environments uh knowing what causes your performance to decrease and then understanding that from a fundamental level then we can work back and create a countermeasure what we call a mitigation strategy to Target those things that are being impact acted by that extreme environment that stress that lack of sleep that low level of oxygen high level of oxygen so that's how we and this has it's very kind of a niche research but it has major implications for people you know for athletes for people everybody's under stress right in some way or another they're lacking sleep or whatever so a lot of the stuff that we do in our lab which is mostly DOD onr funded uh has implications and you know for for the everyday person for the athlete and for many people that you work with too and so if you're looking at this from a cellular level if you're if you're isolating the cells if you're giving them these stressors and understanding how they work and how you can optimize from that perspective I mean how effectively does this translate on the systemic or the the human level like what's the correlation there how uh strong is the relationship between our cellular function and our total body Wellness yeah uh that's a great question and not as well as you would think in regards to uh say for example I guess I'll give you two examples because I study a lot of the research that we do is in seizures and we also do we have quite an active research program in cancer so we've been able to like basically arrest and stop cancer growth and proliferation and you know various cell lines you know glioblastoma cell lines even things that grow rapidly and we've moved that to animal models and we can get a pretty robust effect but you know we've cured cancer in cells we've cured cancer and animal models uh and we develop metabolic-based approaches and many of these things we realize uh in in cells cell based systems and in animal models as a standalone therapy they're quite effective but I think once we move to humans I think they have a very negligible fact unless they're actually uh kind of combined together right so a dietary intervention that targets you know insulin igf-1 lowers glucose elevates ketones uh is not going to cure cancer and some people are talking about fasting or the huge anxiety curing cancer and that's very unfortunate and kind of have to do a lot of damage control actually some of our research gets misinterpreted and gets promoted that way but at the very best you know dietary interventions in from the cells and animal-based systems can function as maybe an adjuvant or a way to further augment the therapeutic efficacy of standard of care they could be radiation chemo or an immune-based therapy like checkpoint Inhibitors pd1 inhibitors for example I think there's a tremendous potential there so on the other hand that's in cancer so very you know not not super good trans translatability but you know animal-based studies are informative but not predictive however studies that are done on various seizure models so the anti-epileptic drugs for example and uh actually have very good translatability from animal models of seizures to humans so that would be almost the other end of the spectrum you know essentially things that work in humans work in animals and anti-epileptic therapies that work in animals tend to work quite well in humans so Alzheimer's disease that would be kind of like the same situation as cancer I mean we can you know we can arrest amyloid plaque and Tau and and you know do a lot of therapeutic things with these uh transgenic animal models of of Alzheimer's disease but not very not very efficacious so maybe from your audience would be interested in performance so we're at the level now where we're like testing different things in Road models and we see that for example if we put animals on a ketogenic diet or give them Ketone supplementation they could run 20 25 you know longer on a roto-rod device which is like a treadmill I do not think that's going to translate to humans I think the things that we there's a lot of if you look at Ketone supplements and ketogenic diets there is we study seizures and therapeutic applications but it seems like the mainstream biohacking Community is really about cognitive performance too but they're also about like physical performance and you know we've we develop various ketogenic agents and we work with ketogenic agents that do have the potential to augment performance but we study this performance outcome in the context of an extreme environment so we produce a deficit and then we do the ketogenic intervention to preserve performance in the context of a deficit uh however so a lot of marketing people and a lot of people are selling Key Don't Ketone supplements and other things to optimize when a person is like has a normal healthy you know function physiologically and they don't have a pre-existing condition that significantly impairs their cognitive or physical performance not too many things are really going to enhance I mean caffeine will creatine uh so I I am actually of the opinion that exogenous ketones will enhance exercise performance and cognitive performance but I think it's going to be kind of small uh the data I mean there's just enough data but I think the exogenous ketones which is something that I study is probably like the next creatine when I was in 1992 I bought my first bottle of creatine from Twin lab I remember because I was playing football at the time and it was like this new supplement and you know it offered a very small benefit maybe my bench press went up like two or three reps with like 225 or something like that after about a month or so of using it um so you know it was an observable thing and I think once we understand and optimize the formulation of various uh energy metabolites I'm also interested in lactate Alpha L polylactate which is something that I think could be combined with creatine and ketones and formulated in different ways so you have like a dual fuel system that's something that I'm working on um so I think there's a lot of potential there for these metabolic-based therapies but also metabolic based formulations that can augment exercise performance specifically under different uh in the context of different stressors and as far as the null benefit of exogenous Keys the research support it's not on an individual basis I mean you know you you on the camp that that is for exogenous ketones are you comparing that to endogenous production like if I'm fasted is there no net benefit if I take additional you know exogenous is that what you mean or you mean just in general there's no benefit to exogenous ketones like adding in a ketone supplement yeah well I would actually say like in the context of things that I study there's significant benefits to ketones uh in the context of like you know if you're not having a seizure but if you're using a rebreather and Diving down the 50 feet and you know your uh your partial pressure of your you know your brain is going up uh that's going to cause some stress so we know that that ketones essentially have anti-convulsant effects and that's the accepted application of the ketogenic diet is for drug refractory epilepsy so it works through a gabaergic mechanism through glutamic acid decarboxylate so you make a lot more Gaba relative to glutamate uh it suppresses oxidative stress it does these things so it tends to that effect is very observable and robust in the context of extreme environments if someone was to consume exogenous ketones and they're like keto adapted if I was the everyday person and I wanted to use exogenous ketones in a race I would at least three to six months out start experimenting with them in small amounts during my training and then you can see how your body can adapt to it like during your training right you don't want to uh if you read about athletes that are running Ultra marathons on a ketogenic diet you don't want to start that you know a month out your performance is going to tank pretty fast but there is I know it gets criticized a lot but there is something to keto adaptation right so it's just like if you have a factory making a certain thing if your body is a factory and it's used to running off a glucose based time to adapt to even to adapt to having a palatable diet where you can get enough energy and be able to digest the lipase enzyme the pancreatic ends the bile things like that there's so many things that need to adjust to be even able to tolerate a carbohydrate restricted diet a high fat diet over time and then you have energy systems where you have you know the production of ketones ketolytic enzymes Ketone Transporters like monocarboxylic acid Transporters are upregulated pretty significant secondly like 15 like 50 percent at the level of the blood-brain barrier uh and things like that so um you there's gonna be a required over a ketogenic diet so that brings up the idea of doing whatever diet you're following and and I think there are side effects to a ketogenic diet whereas you know a standard Mediterranean low carb diet not so much where you could just follow your own diet and then consume exogenous ketones I'm imp I prefer Ketone electrolytes uh with sodium potassium calcium magnesium uh actually similar to the uh supplement element so I use a supplement but instead of the electrolytes are bound to Beta hydroxybutyrate so you deliver the electrolytes and that's a good thing uh and then it's also it's ionically bound to Beta hydroxybutyrate which is a ketone molecule and then it liberates the energy and it liberates the electrolyte and there's no carbohydrate no sugar or whatever so these things can be very helpful you know to restore preserve electrolytes and also give your body uh to elevate an energy metabolite in your blood in the millimolar concentrations which actually represents a significant amount of you know usable energy because whatever blood level you have of beta hydroxybutyrate that will go across the blood-brain barrier and your brain will have free access to it you know once you get up to like six or seven or eight millimolar then it becomes kind of rate limiting but if you can elevate your beta if your beta hydroxybutyrate is one millimolar your brain is deriving about 10 percent of its energy from ketones so you could put it in that context if you look at the Dual pet scan where you look at Ketone and glucose PET Imaging studies which suggest that so so what I'm saying is like that people that are trying to experiment with ketogenic diets and Ketone supplements I think they should start out very slow and start titrating these things in maybe just use medium chain triglycerides some people can't tolerate them or to add like a ketone electrolyte and small concentrations and then ramp up and then just you know if you're using device to measure your activity looking at your heart rate you know some studies that I did going back over 10 years ago one of the things when I was formulating these things I'm sure you know Peter attia I went to Peter Attias and stayed at his house and then we woke up he got on a metabolic car and he maintained 180 Watts on a bike and then you know I gave them a ketone formulation and then he maintained that 180 Watts but he did it consuming less oxygen so Like Oxygen consumption went down I think like 10 or whatever yeah yeah so yeah shifted as our cue in a way but he was his oxygen content uh went down significantly so while maintaining 180 Watts so his metabolic efficiency uh increased and he was already on a ketogenic diet though so I mean you could say that but we did uh you know as he's riding the bike I'm stabbing his finger making blood measurements and that was I think his ketones went up just like maybe 1.5 or 2 millimolar off sauce so uh we've never we always wanted to follow up and do like a trial like a a more comprehensive trial but I was just my focus has always been therapeutic applications of these things but but that's an example right so it's like uh he was following his diet and then he just simply added exogenous ketones and he was very methodical about you know doing it in this way he was like no we're going to design it I'm going to maintain 180 watts and we're just going to look at oxygen consumption so so I do think that there's something to be said and maybe not everybody will experience this but you know the late Dr Richard Veach who is a student of Han's crib did his whole neighbor on yeah Ketone Aid is part of that yeah there's a little bit of yeah so Ketone Aid I think is the brainchild so that's one that's r13 butane dial beta hydroxybutyrate monoester I love ketones yeah so Ketone Aid and so we've the very first um the very first Ketone that we studied in the lab was r13 butane dial beta hydroxybutyrate monoester and that did not prevent seizures so I didn't give up though but what we found is that when you elevate ketones it needs to be in a ratio of beta hydroxybutyrate to acetoacetate to keep the redox ratio so we got another uh formulation from Case Western from Henry Bruning Grabber and that was one three butane dial acetoacetate diester which produces the that and so most of the research that we do is actually on Ketone Esters and I do think they're tremendous therapeutic applications my only issue with exogenous ketones in the form of Esters and I have to be careful because a lot of my Blended research is with Ester so I don't want to you know talk negatively about them too much I do think there's a lot of applications but you have the one three butane dial so one three butane dial as you know is a Dye alcohol it's a glyco it's a glycol molecule and then when you metabolize one three butane dial it goes through the alcohol dehydrogenase pathway so you do produce a toxic aldehyde and also your liver enzymes so if you consume it at a you know if you consume multiple Doses and you're doing blood work you've probably seen that your liver enzymes will go up right so like mine my liver enzymes astlt are usually about in the low 20s but if I consume one three butane dial 30 to 50 grams per day for two weeks those liver enzymes will double so I mean you could double it drinking two or three beers per day so you know it's a mild stress but I worry about people who are older who may not have like you know hepatic detoxification potential so so it is putting a stress on the liver it's also so I I think I like exogenous ketones in the form of Ketone Esters to be used acutely for things like CNS oxygen toxicity and for like you know therapeutic applications but if someone's going to use ketones on a daily basis I would suggest using a beta hydroxybutyrate uh electrolyte salt and that way you know you're not you don't have to force the liver to metabolize the one three butane dial than to make to make the ketones so you just have the ionic bond but yeah I think so you have Ketone salts you have Ketone Esters you could also have a glycerol Trieste or acetoacetate or beta hydroxybutyrate and then you have uh the free acid form of beta hydroxybutyrate which is usually sold in like a in like a liquid medium and then one three butane dial which is kind of being sold as a ketone Ester but it's really not it's a it's a ketogenic dye alcohol and then you have something called uh medium chain triglycerides which is caprylic or capric triglyceride which is a C8 or C10 uh ketogenic fat so all these things are out there we I'm kind of agnostic to all them but they're all tools in the toolbox and what we do is we take and then we have you know a whole library of like dozens of different keto molecules but these are like the basics ones that I mentioning that I think all are commercially available that I just mentioned but we like to formulate them and titrate them and use them in different animal models of disease and also different scenarios for performance right or different operational activities and I think this is a very nascent area of research that I got into God like 15 years ago and I was like the kind of people thought that like I started this research but Dr vitra is doing it for a long time and many people were doing it they just weren't very public about it uh but I did maybe kick it off in different directions right so like we're studying probably a dozen or more different applications of therapeutic ketosis and I do think there's tremendous potential therapeutically but also for health optimization and then prevention of certain disease States including insulin resistance type 2 diabetes things like that and does do you are you do you believe that in order to improve metabolic flexibility sustainably for the long term that people should in fact try to change their lifestyle and their diet uh rather than just kind of adding in ketos and helping for the best like for the average person are you more yeah are you more for a lifestyle change rather than adding and adding those in what's the what's the difference there like what are you potentially taking away from if you just take the ketones and cross your fingers versus actually challenging your body to do this endogenously you know naturally yeah well I don't I you know obviously I'm not one or the other I'm a huge fan of the diet actually my original proposals to the Department of Defense was the ketogenic diet and there was a lot of pushback about you can't give a Warfighter a high fat diet they're not going to adapt it's going to be you know cardiovascular risks all those things so they basically tasked me and said well go back to the drawing board and come up with some kind of ketogenic strategy which is a ketogenic diet and a pill right so I looked into that and one of the first things that came across you know through PubMed and searching this was two deoxy glucose so 2dioxic glucose is a hexokinase inhibitor so by inhibiting glycolysis then you're forcing the mitochondria to you know inhibit glycolysis and then burn fatty acids for fuel it is actually it's being used in in seizure studies so it accelerates the body's adaptation response to ketones in a way yeah almost like an sglt2 inhibitor right so by eliminating glucose you limit glucose availability and simply by doing limiting glucose availability and uh lowering the the hormone insulin whenever you lower glucose availability or it's excretion then your insulin is going to be lower and the production of ketones or is tightly correlated with suppression of the hormone insulin and then there's some definitely some therapeutic benefits especially in people with hyperinsulinemia or type 2 diabetes so uh you know you know I don't want to get too much on a tangent but it was like you know we had to search for ways to produce therapeutic ketosis and what we have shown is that you can put animals on a standard diet high carbohydrate diet do a an intergastric gavage of ketones and then you do get remarkable effects on glycemic control on seizure uh actually some cancer models show show benefits so I was skeptical that this was going to be the case I talked to uh Dr Richard Veitch at the time and you'd always call me stupid he's like no stupid your body can use ketones we're like genetically designed and through periods of fasting that the metabolic Machinery is there to use ketones anytime because I was under the impression that you follow ketogenic diet and over a period of time you adapt to it uh but he was very adamant of course you know he had many patents and the Ketone Ester too even before I was tinkering with this stuff but he was very adamant that you could just drink ketones and then get the metabolic benefits of ketones and I was very skeptical so uh and some of the initial studies in our lab showed no if actually some animals were seizing faster and I was like I I don't think this is going to work and then then I talked to a person that was running the NIH metabolomics core and he was kind of convincing me that you know you need to have a redox balance in the brain and you have to deliver the ketones on your certain ratios so I had a very difficult time finding someone to make this particular Ketone Ester so I reached out to a chemist who had like a very had a very interesting background in designing molecules for performance enhancement right so a very well-known chemist so in that field not in Academia so but he was able to make long story he was able to synthesize this particular Ketone molecule that would Elevate beta hydroxybutyrate in acetino acidate and then our very our very first experiment the animals had amazing resilience to hyperoxic stress and then we ended up using this in a variety of different studies so the the message here is that not all ketones are created equal certain ketones will have favorable effects in disease models and some disease models and some disease models may have no effect actually maybe do more harm than good so we really do and I actually believe Ketone Esters should kind of be a drug we've killed a lot of animals unfortunately and I don't want to make light of the situation but you could quickly kill an animal by not even injecting an IP but actually doing an intra gastric gavage of like beta hydroxybutyrate well monoester one three butane dial or the diastere especially these things are very potent and you have runaway ketosis and you you can't have respiratory or renal compensation with the levels of ketones that you produce the the auto regulatory mechanisms are just completely overwhelmed and the animal will die of of ketoacidosis so the this occurs especially in mice because their metabolism so fast about seven times faster but also in rats to so we observe it so it actually made me very cautious in regard to and I've probably consumed more exogenous ketones than anyone on the planet and I have I have the utmost confidence saying that I've had many gallons of Ketone Esters go through me and buried a wide array of different experimental molecules you know in testing but I you know I test in very small dosages and I do blood work and things like that so I do it in a very methodical controlled fashion but I it's given me an appreciation for for things that they can do and things that they can't do and also some of the harm that they could cause too so we're very cautious when uh I talk about the research and the and the extrapolated implications for for humans using this stuff I do think there needs to be some regulation not so much with the Ketone electrolyte salts or like MCT oils or things like that but or even the free acid because it's kind of a ketone electrolyte salt will be self-limiting just based upon the mineral load like your GI can only absorb so much right so Ketone Esters will dose dependently put you into ketoacidosis so you have to be uh you the volume has to be pretty high you know to do that but but these things are you know I know people are experimenting with them out there and typically what will happen is you'll just start throwing up you know if you take too much of a ketone Ester even one three butane dial but but I caution people you know because I get so many questions uh from people using it for applications that don't necessarily you know study but uh but I do think it's a very nascent area of research and I do think you're you're keep an eye on this because uh 10 years ago you go on PubMed or you go on clinicaltrials.gov let's use clinicaltrops.gov and you type in Ketone supplement and you might have like three studies you go to clinicaltrials.gov right now type in Ketone supplement you're going to have like a hundred studies if you go to PubMed and type it in you're going to see an exponential rise in studies on this like just for example cancer like 10 years ago if you type in cancer Ketone even ketogenic diet and clinicaltrials.gov you might have two studies now there's something like 48 studies and that's cancer that's like something that's kind of marginalized you know and uh and I I think the ketogenic diet can be a great adjuvant it could help things like pi3 kinase Inhibitors work better because you have a counter regulatory elevation insulin when you use these drugs so I think I think they could augment certain metabolic-based pharmaceutical Therapies I think that's a fascinating area of research also coupling ketosis with checkpoint Inhibitors and I think is a very uh fruitful area of research I think a lot needs to be done in that area and also things like Parkinson's disease Alzheimer's disease you know oxidative stress in the brain is driving it and ketones for example like with Parkinson's disease monoamine oxidase can drive especially if you have high levels of iron and some people have higher levels of iron for example in this substantia Niagara that could drive the Fenton reaction and then you know people can get those neurons are selectively vulnerable to oxidative stress and a lot of work has been done in cell-based systems and animal models to show that ketones are neuroprotective and especially for oxidative stress conditions so I actually have a uh an anecdote that I want to share with you about this but before I get there you keep mentioning uh seizures and my question for you is you know what is the underlying mechanism there as to how ketos can support that because what I want people to understand here is that it's not like you're not going to see a benefit if you don't suffer with seizures it's just like that's the proof in the pudding that something's working properly so what can we say about the underlying mechanism that anyone can appreciate from that perspective whether they have seizures or not yeah good question um the etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown and it's multifactorial right so kind of the same could be said for Alzheimer's although some people may debate that so let's talk about seizure so seizures could be caused by I mean we study seizures from glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome right so that's like you they're lacking the glut 1 transporter at the blood-brain barrier so their brain is starved of energy and that triggers seizures and then when the child is put into ketosis with a ketogenic diet uh the ketones then restore brain energy metabolism and that suppresses the seizures however some people have I mean there's so many different reasons that you could have a channelopathy like a potassium channel that doesn't uh you know when potassium channels close then uh that actually caused the membrane potential depolarization right so you could have that so you could interestingly I think the important thing is that independent of the etiology ketogenic diet therapy controls seizures like temporal lobe seizures absence seizures uh Lennox Gusto dravay uh syndrome uh a wide variety we study Kabuki syndrome we study pump syndrome we study Angelman syndrome like we study all these different things and the ketogenic diet has very remarkable anti-epileptic neuroprotective effects independent of the etiology of the seizure and that's that's like really incredibly remarkable to me that's what brought me to it also what brought me to it was the Hollywood producer Jim Abrams of the Charlie foundation and the movie he did with Meryl Streep so Meryl Streep did a movie about the ketogenic diet it's called first Do no harm and I watched this and I was like Wow and I started digging in and then I discovered the center of Johns Hopkins John Freeman the late John Freeman at the time he passed away in 2012 but uh uh his uh Protege is Dr Eric kossoff who runs the neurology epilepsy clinic at Johns Hopkins and Eric kossoff wrote a book called the ketogenic diet for Pediatric epilepsy now it's called the ketogenic diet for Pediatric pediatric epilepsy and other disorders and he's actually it's proven to be efficacious for adults with epilepsy two um so so I'm it's a long-winded answer to your your ads like what is the what's causing epilepsy we don't know but then again the ketogenic diet doesn't work through a single mechanism it works through many different mechanisms in Synergy so it lowers reactive oxygen species it changes the bioenergetic energy production in the brain it stimulates glutamic acid decarboxylase which converts more glutamate to Gaba it works a big part of what we do research on is adenosine receptor signaling it's a adenosine it inhibits the nlrp3 inflammazone so when that gets activated things like il1 beta go up uh and a big part of what we're doing now is actually looking at beta hydroxybutylation so so ketones so the metabolic control of epigenetics is pretty robust so lactate can actually influence epigenetics so beta hydroxybutyrate can influence different enzymes called histone the acetylases and through hdac inhibition they could alter genetic programs and have epigenetic effects and then through beta hydroxybutylation the beta hydroxybutyrate can directly interact with the histones and alter gene expression in ways that are neuroprotected and even anticonvulsant so we're studying that in the context of Kabuki syndrome right now it's a PhD dissertation project to one of my students if you look at ketosis as having being involved in all these different mechanisms and those mechanisms having all these benefits can you make the argument that lifestyle change therefore gives you more benefits than exogenous supplementation does the exogenous implementation work through these mechanisms the same way that lifestyle change does there are overlap it's a good question I get this a lot and it's like the obvious question too right and it deserves a very very thorough answer right like your question is a very good one and it deserves an incredibly nuanced articulate answer but the reality is that we do not have the human outcome data uh for me to even speculate on that so I was just blown away that you could actually like gavage you could you could give animals straight up ketones and have all these effects like I was just I was like no let's do this over again let's do this over again well because too the I guess it was more convincing to me because the first experiments didn't work you know the Ketone the beta hydroxybutyrate monoester did not work with seizures but I think it has other applications that are very remarkable uh so I became like a true I was like okay I knew it I'm not going to get funding for this project and then then we went in another Direction uh so I I have an immense appreciation for the potential to acutely alter energy metabolism and the potential therapeutic effects and also performance effects that you could but if you from an evolutionary perspective the only way that we could get into that level of ketosis is like fasting seven to ten days right so I could administer a ketone Ester I could pull blood on you and it looks like you fasted for a week which is pretty remarkable uh and so the obvious question is that if you're eating a normal diet and then you ingest these ketones like where does the glucose go and where you know and that's I think this is a really important conversation what I'm about to say right now so I think high doses of exogenous ketones can cause energy toxicity and this can do more harm than good and I think that's an important message for people who are consuming exogenous ketones trying to get to like chasing Ketone levels trying to get to three four five millimolar your body is not going to be able to use that unless you're like doing an all-out Sprint or something like if you're just sitting at your desk and elevating your ketones even two to three millimolar your body is working to get rid of those things it's creating a metabolic acidosis and through renal compensation you have to eliminate these things through ketoneuria but I think actually more importantly we eliminate these things by counter regulatory mechanisms so there's ketoneuria but also as ketones Elevate the ketones cause the pancreas to release some insulin and then the insulin shuts off lipolysis and also shuts off the ketogenesis and that's a negative effect of using Ketone Esters so I just presented some data on Ketone salts and Ketone Esters and if you take a ketone Ester and shoot your Ketone levels up a Delta of two millimolar it causes an increase in insulin if you get the same level of elevation of beta hydroxybutary with a ketone electrolyte salt that's balanced electrolytes you get the benefits of the ketones in circulation but it doesn't trigger the counter-regulatory Ketone induced insulin release from the pancreas and even glucagon we measure glucon doesn't really change that much so but if you go higher than that than you do so I would I'm I'm and I've had to change my tune on this a lot uh but I do think you know for certain therapeutic applications you may need to go to three to four even five millimolar per glut 1D for example so my recommendation would be to use a ketone electrolyte get no more than one millimolar somewhere like one is kind of like 1.5 to 1 is kind of the sweet spot for me stay between one and two and that way you're not triggering an increase in insulin so I have a whole whole stack here of insulin tests and a lot of people don't measure insulin uh but it's something I've measured like hundreds if not thousands of times and and coupling that with my CGM my continuous glucose monitor and that gives me a lot of insight into you know uh how macronutrients impact uh my insulin is always pretty low like three to four but if I take a dose of Ketone Esters it can shoot up to six to eight right which is still not bad I mean you know we do studies where we have people with insulin that's like 30 one guy's a hundred so and he's you know he observably has no overt really you know negative effects that we can see but uh but you don't if you want to be in a fat burning mode if you want to be have maximal metabolic flexibility you want to be able to use metabolic substrates without triggering a counter regulatory physiological response and my background trained uh in as physiologists so I was trained by an APS you know physiologist who is like the dean of research at Rutgers University and she really instilled in me like Neuroscience could be important but you need to understand physiology so she would drill in you know systems physiology mammalian physiology so I always view metabolism a lot of people who train in nutrition just basically get they it's they're like nutrition biochemists but I believe that if we really fundamentally want to understand nutrition we have to understand nutrition physiology that is the most important thing and then so I first learned physiology uh through medical school and then PhD training and then uh and then did my PhD dissertation work in Neuroscience doing patch clamp electrophysiology actually wholesale perforated patch clamp electrophysiology where you record from neurons in a special way using Nystatin and then you actually can feed the neurons different types of energy sources and then you basically look to see how they respond under different levels of oxygen and doing that work with hypoxia gave me an appreciation for I never really thought about what my brain is using for fuel right or that it could use anything other than glucose uh in grad school in my postdoc I was really mostly dialed in on lactate you know developing ways to increase lactate production but then I got steered into ketones so I do think there's tremendous applications for creating formulations that are alternative energy sources that people can use you know and there's things that are commercially available creatine monohydrate you know uh different amino acids uh Alpha L polylactate different Ketone formulations that I talked about so these are like the low-hanging fruit that people can purchase they're relatively inexpensive I think if you're just going to Tinker with them and then add them to your regi there's not going to be any randomized clinical trials soon right so you have to be your n of one data so it goes back to this idea of getting as much Baseline data as possible if you're one of these people who really want to optimize their performance and and health longevity too and so what you're describing here is that essentially there's a there's a trade-off if you take something like you know straight Ketone just straight let's say you know beta hydroxybutyrate et cetera and so it do you believe that high performers can get away with the occasional supplementation or something that brings their ketones way up just for like a one-off event and then let's say otherwise just taking a ketone salt or going by endogenous means to establish ketosis is that do you think I think they could get away with it I just don't think you know they have to do the measurements to show if it's going to be optimal or not is it increasing their performance I think it has an equally high potential chance for decreasing performance right uh you know we've dosed animals in ways that decrease their performance if you hit the sweet spot you know so I encourage people to experiment with them uh like I said we we always study therapeutic ketosis in the context of a disease process or a significant decrement so that could be an extreme environment you know an impairment of a metabolic process we're doing glycogen storage disease type 2 right now and you know seeing some interesting data from that so uh I'd really I think there are other things out there too that if you're dialed in on performance that could be worth it uh but I just think I I do think potentially that throwing in a large dose of a ketone Ester that's going to put a metabolic strain on your body uh you know because your body has to uh if if your energy output is coupled with your intake that could but if you have an energy toxicity so it does take some time for your liver to metabolize and when you're exercising really hard a lot of the blood flow is kind of limited to the organs and goes to your muscles so that's in some ways like limiting hepatic uh metabolism uh you know I'll say this we I don't think we publish this but you know we gavage rats Sprague Dolly and Fisher rats for periods of time and then we take out all the livers and then we do you know uh histology on the liver we we see signs of liver toxicity when we feed these things over long periods of time so there's like more red blood cells in the liver and then the precursors of you know just some mild maybe necrotic pre-necrotic events and that always concerned me and that's why you know I have in my refrigerator and in my day like I have tons of Ketone Esters but I don't use them so I I default to uh to Ketone electrolytes even when I have all the options right I mean part of it's kind of like taste too right um oh yeah so the beta oxibutorate is nasty yeah yeah it's kind of nut it says one three butane dial they're never I'll tell you I mean I've been in this world for you know almost two decades now I don't think they're ever gonna flavor you can put it like I have capsules made that we're using in a clinical trial and that's you need to do that if you have a you need to have a control right so we have like just a vegetable oil as a control uh we had not seed oil we used not that I had like a big fan of like you know dizzing seed oils but I think we use like light olive oil instead of like you know a seed oil uh but yeah so we have to when we do studies we have to put these things in capsules or otherwise you know our participants are not going to consume and uh back to this uh anecdote that I wanted to share with you you mentioned how this can be promising for things like you know Parkinson's and Alzheimer's um I actually did a genetic test and I do blood regularly and I found that um I actually have a genetic predisposition for Parkinson's and I have a genetic predispositions for hemochromatosis so I store too much iron on top of that I have an early diagnosis of ADD and I took medication for it for years and this is actually how I fell in love with all this science because I wanted to you know support my body and be authentic in my ability and um I found that fasting has helped me tremendously um I found that you know uh fasting mimicking diet so a generally low carb sometimes often ketogenic especially on like rest days uh low carb diet and I've also found that if I take you know ketones either right before bed or before a podcast like this that my mental acuity and my mental endurance in a way is is enhanced now I don't know how much of this is Placebo I don't know how much of this is actually warranted mechanistically and can be supported by research but do you think that generally someone like me is headed in the right direction with these predispositions by using both the lifestyle and the ketones together absolutely I think it needs to be a combination of two I also think the two are kind of synergistic so like one and one equals three right so you're doing like an exercise intervention you know just lifestyle diet and then also supplements and uh I don't know what am I taking here oh so yeah I use this product called a keto start which is a ketone electrolyte and um I got an email the other day remind because you just mentioned ADHD someone said this is I got off Adderall and this the keto star is my new Adderall so the keto start plus has caffeine but it's only like 60 milligrams so it's probably not the caffeine but I have people that reach out to me and said I have many people reach out to me and said I got got off these ADHD medications and like Adderall basically like I don't know if butane is basically amphetamine right yeah I know for 10 years over 10 years wow until I was 18 I'm 26 now I've been off it for eight years and through lifestyle change I've accomplished more than I ever would on Adderall oh that's amazing you know when I first met and you probably know him Lane Norton he's a good one of course he's actually coming over this weekend we're gonna hang out but uh but when we met he I think he was just like getting off Adderall or I'd just gotten off of it and it was yeah I I know he's suffering with ADD actually I actually have a podcast coming up with him in a few in a few months okay I wanted to talk about you know this stuff with him I don't know if that's public knowledge but now it is I guess but uh but I you know I think he's pretty yeah I think he's he's been talking about it online yeah he's talked about it yeah he might have not talk about Adderall but he at the time and I didn't know what Adderall was and I looked it up because I was asking about ephedrine right and I was like yeah I'm cutting I'm thinking about using like ephedrine caffeine stack and I was like have you ever tried a bedroom and yeah I was using like small dosages this is when you could get ephedrine this is like this was a long time ago when we met he was like a grad student at the time maybe your post yeah he was a grad student uh and uh now he's like Dom I'm on it you know I I was on Adderall I got off Adderall and I was like I didn't know exactly what it was and I looked it up and I'm like damn it is amphetamine oh my gosh yeah and I just mentioned that because I've gotten many emails especially over the last five years about people some of them on the diet but actually it's been more so that they're taking the Ketone supplements and it's helped their focus and they've been able to whether they have a preconceived idea that this is going to help me and then they do it and then they believe it uh but I do I didn't expect it yeah maybe they didn't and I do feel when I when I when my ketones get up a little bit too high I almost feel a little bit too stimulated so that's why two I just dial it back like right now I'm sitting at like 1.5 millimeter and that's kind of like my sweet sweet spot if I get a little bit higher especially this time of day I start to get a little bit too hyper but uh but I learned to sort of adjust it but I've also I also supplement ketones because if I follow a very strict ketogenic diet my APO B and my LDL become elevated and I do not I know this is a pretty a big topic on uh like in Twitter and on online about you know the lean mass hyper responders and but I'm of the opinion that if I could just add a little bit of carbohydrates in and form us some fruit maybe some vegetables and things like that and it makes me in my protein level is too it's kind of high and it kind of keeps me out of ketosis but then I just add some MCT or just some Ketone supplements throughout the day so I stay in a state of mild ketosis and get all the benefits from the phytonutrients from the fiber for me that's optimal uh some people you know on a carnivore and they you know or on a strict ketogenic diet and they are of the opinion that they don't want to supplement even something like MCT but I I do believe in studying this and communicating with hundreds if not thousands of people I think the ideal diet if I just have to like one diet it's kind of a low carb Mediterranean diet that's low in carbs enough especially that if you do some intermittent fasting that your ketones start to get elevated a little bit and then you just you just kind of top off the tank a little bit and do some finishing touches with a little bit of exogenous ketones periodically and I've experimented with so many different approaches and that's really what works for me and my lifestyle and many people that I consult with yeah and and I know this is anecdotal and uh I want to make sure that we stick to the research but I want to show from our experience how helpful it will be for folks tuning in to tests not guests and to see what works for them and in my case um you know I'll add these things in strategically I try to match my carbon dictate to my activity levels but I and I actually experimented for a while I was fasting every single day like 16 18 hours and I followed a very low carbohydrate diet I did some testing and what I found was that my free testosterone went down my sex hormone binding globulin went up so I had less free testosterone and my CRP was a little elevated so I was overdoing there's a point where I was over doing the the ketosis um and interestingly enough I wanted to ask you about was your weight stable did you lose weight during that because any kind of caloric deficit will lower testosterone and also maybe Elevate USB uh but the other thing the hscrp yeah that's kind of surprising especially mine's always like 0.1 it was an HS or non-detective yeah it was just CRP it was just CRP okay yeah yeah and I did lose a little bit of weight so do you know what your Bible was yeah I can't remember my sexual buying globulin was like 60 something it was pretty high yeah that sounds that sounds kind of high yeah my testosterone is always like uh you know I don't know people say you should supplement here and there I take DHEA and that brings my testosterone from like 400 my testosterone has never really been too high until like 500 if I do like the test like an hour after but I feel like my Androgen receptor density must be high or something because you know I can keep like 225 I'm like six foot it's just as long as I keep my protein levels up high and things like that but I've been down to like my testosterone 290 if I'm do a strict keto and I'm losing weight but then if I go back to like a eucaloric diet or titrate in more protein and calories then it starts to get you know back up into the mid even mid to Upper range a little bit like super well rested and getting in like Surplus calories things like that then right so it's not so much the amount it's also the Androgen receptor density so that of what you have in the body you can actually you know use it um interesting and then uh I did lose you know I did lose some some weight but I think strategically adding in you know carbs especially surrounding activity was very helpful um and I want to ask you about uh ketones before bed because I noticed I do track my you know my my Biometrics with a clinical grade wearable device I use either the aura or the bio strap or whoop or sometimes all of them if I want to get fancy with it and what I've noticed is on nights where I anticipate less sleep this is actually this is something I discovered by accident I for whatever reason I took ketones late at night and I got like six hours typically I got seven and a half eight my HRV skyrocketed and I woke up feeling super refreshed and actually repeated this and now anytime I can I can only afford a few hours actually take the ketones in so I started thinking about this I'm like what's happening I actually noticed my respiratory rate went down so I my hypothesis is well maybe because I was in metabolic ketosis and I shifted the respiratory quotient all of a sudden I am breathing less my there's less sympathetic activity and as you've described there and maybe this is I might be going over the top here but maybe there's an adaptogenic effect again like the gabaergic effect the ketones can facilitate sleep and can further the the parasympathetic activity I these are all very interesting and well thought out like hypotheses that should get could be tested uh there's something called obesity hypoventilation syndrome that people have there's a guy at Johns Hopkins uh Jonathan June I think that studies it and it is interesting there's data from the GPR 109a receptor which is actually the receptor for ketones and when you hit that it actually can suppress sympathetic activation or how actually reduce sympathetic tone so yeah there are you know ketones are kind of almost like a hormone like you know your liver makes it and it gets into circulation and then we have Ketone receptors right uh that receptor when it's activated it decreases sympathetic activity and I actually think that when people when during starvation or during extended fasting when your ketones are elevated there's a pretty sharp reduction after about a week or so in your metabolism and that's partly due to your sympathetic nervous system being suppressed right and then your body temperature starts to go down uh when you do this and I fasted for a week no more than that but you your anxiety levels are like you have like no anxiety like things that would typically trigger like an anxious response in me it's almost like I took a big beta blocker or something like that like I have no uh in many ways I feel emotionally kind of flat until you know I jump start my metabolism back again but there is a remarkable suppression in sympathetic activity and actually an increase in parasympathetic tone with ketosis this has been observed it's been talked about uh but you know some people typically when Publications are written about this it's in the context of an energy deficit so is it the ketones or is it you know just the state of being a calorically restricted when amp kinase is activated mtor goes down like all these different Pathways the insulin igf-1 you know a lot of things are altered in ways that could decrease sympathetic tone but but then you have sympathetic tone goes down but also parasympathetic tone and that's like independent from exercise so that's the only thing I know other than exercise that will sharply like within a week I mean you have to fast but but I guess no one's really done that with exogenous ketones that would be a very interesting study actually we could do that because we measure we do you guys do that I'd love to join you and maybe in the last subject yeah yeah yeah actually no that that's actually a really good thought for a study it's it's something that I've thought about a lot but I tend to think that it's probably mostly attributed to just creating a calorie deficit right I think that's the big driver for suppressing sympathetic tone and um it's almost part of the starvation response I I remember you know anyone like actually if you talk to Lane even about when he was dieting for a competition I remember him telling me he was always cold and I remember he had he was pretty much at the end of his dieting phase when I uh we were somewhere and I was stabbing his finger to get his blood measurements and measure his ketones and he was in this is back in like a long time ago and I remember just remember him saying that you know he was kind of always cold and it was like his speech was even slurred a little bit oh yeah you know which is odd for Lane right but he was like shredded Beyond I mean his his skin was like tissue paper thin at the time so he was at like he was at that point where most people would have stopped a month ago dieting like he was just you know doing that and uh yeah it does you get a pretty profound suppression of your sympathetic nervous system when you diet for and that's that's not in ketosis so he was just his ketones were not very high that was just from a calorie you know calorie deficit we'll we'll do that but I do think that we do know that ketones uh stimulate that receptor that suppresses the sympathetic tone so there could be a ketone dependent effect there and that combined with the gabaergic effect that you described earlier yeah yep yep and that's a real effect actually uh there was literature in humans on a ketogenic diet and then we did a study in an Angelman syndrome Mouse model doing the Ketone Ester and saw we looked at Gad 65 and Gad 67. yeah and those uh uh we just did like a PCR and there's proteins are those you know go up we did westerns for them and their proteins go up and and that's like in two to four weeks you get a pretty big increase in the mechanism or the enzymes that convert the glutamate to Gaba and then um if you did our metabolomic studies too showed uh what what we shared with that glutamate levels don't change you just get a more of a conversion to Gaba and I think that could be therapeutic especially in the context of most neurodegenerative diseases I actually I would say all neurodegenerative diseases are pathophysiologically linked to glutamate hyper excitability or excess glutamate even even Alzheimer's disease which you would think is like there would be less neurotransmitters but there's actually excess glutamate hyper excitability with Alzheimer's disease but traumatic brain injury Parkinson's disease ALS all these different disorders so uh so yeah being able to convert more of that glutamate to Gaba can be therapeutic in a lot of different ways it may contribute to the anxiolytic effect of ketosis which has been observed Even in our studies my my wife is a behavioral neuroscientist she trained in in uh Hungary at summer Weiss University but she uh when she started doing research for us for me in our lab she was gavaging the animals before the seizures and was saying they're much more easier to hold they're much more calm and she was like well we need to do a study on Behavior I wasn't interested in anxiety at the time but we were able to get the equipment the elevated plus Maze and some other things and they had it had a very robust acutely administering ketones and then you put the the rats on an elevated plus maze it's almost like giving them Xanax like they actually spend considerably more time in the open arm uh they're much more social they have less of a exaggerated fear response uh Their Fear responses not triggered as much um so yeah that was we studied we published a series of studies 2016 and then we actually looked at the mechanism uh there was a suggestion that there's an adenosinergic mechanism uh came into play there but also Gala too wow that's fascinating um I'd love to dig into some of those studies and uh and just just check him out and see what I can take away I'm not I'm I'm not a rat but I would I'd love to see how I can maybe uh you know occasionally modify anxiety or even share that with my with my with my community um and I I wanted to ask you here about it you know let's something like fasting or therapeutic ketosis the influence it has on you know bdnf and and kreb in the brain for memory to mental performance and uh degenerative disease prevention uh I've looked at some studies that show that you know fasting for at least 14 hours or so um you get this you know intermittent metabolic uh uh uh shift and how that'll that's really what uh you know it upregulates cred and bdnf in the brain and um I just wanted to get some of your thoughts there you know what can what can be said about fasting and ketosis for memory and and uh and mental performance yeah yeah two things that elevate uh bdnf that I'm aware of are you know aerobic exercise like hard aerobic exercise will Elevate circulating be uh brain derived neurotrophic factor and then uh actually circulating bdnf in blood is fairly correlated with brain bdnf so if you do a blood draw measure bdnf so you can do it that way and then uh so the the authority on this the person who has published that was put on my radar in 2007 or 2006 was Dr Mark Matson and Mark matson's uh he was at the National Institutes of Health I believe he's still there uh I actually interviewed Mark Matson for stem Talk podcast when I used to be the host of the podcast for institute for human and machine cognition ihmc but we delved into this this topic of ketosis fasting and bdnf uh because he published a paper that got me very interested that you know showing fasting dramatically increases bdnf and other factors that could enhance learning memory what we call long-term potentiation uh but he had another study that came out that indicated that the elevation in bdnf from fasting was due to Beta hydroxybutyrate and the mechanisms from my understanding have not been worked out specifically how beta hydroxybutyrate is stimulating you know circulating bdnf to go up but uh the work is and there's it could be multifactorial not maybe not a single mechanism but the general consensus is that fasting and we at least from the Matson uh body of literature which is quite uh quite robust he's got a lot of Publications on this is that fasting induced elevation of ketones uh the ketones are contributing to the elevation of bdnf but I do not think that that has been replicated for example with ketogenic diets or exogenous ketones and I believe I I've looked into this and I just haven't seen that connection there but I do think that uh he believes in that there's research to indicate that fast bdnf elevated by fasting and exercise uh is associated uh correlated with uh beta hydroxybutyrate so maybe beta hydroxybutyrate is just a good indication it's almost like a biomarker that you fasted for a period of time and of course you know high performance Elite level athletes are always getting into ketosis so especially like cyclists that go for four to six to eight hours on a cycle they deplete all their liver glycogen and then their you know mobilizing fatty acids for fuels and they they have post exercise ketosis all the time so uh so that's that could be contributing to that but uh it exercise is the best tool that we have for bringing Health that and then fasting you know maybe exercise coupled with fasting I know Mark Matson likes to go for like running on Trails which is very uh activates your sensory and you have to you know stability and it just it's very there's a little very like sensory overload running through the woods which is I'm kind of getting into now uh if doing that in a fasted state so exercise in a fasted state in an enriched environment is what he does and I tend to be inclined to follow what he does is probably be the the best thing to stimulate you know brain health and bdnf and uh you know this is something that then drives neurogenesis neuroplasticity synaptogenesis so I like to believe that a lot of the fasting that I did over the years has helped me get my brain to where it is today because I depended on you know exogenous you know medication to to to get by in school um and uh you know I curiously I um I'm interested to get your take on what this means for women because I know fasting is just you know women are heavily underrepresented in the research so do women need to take are you versed in how women can approach this based on let's say where they are in their female barrier them or in their cycle uh you know what can they do to get the benefits without neglecting their unique physiology yeah there's no reason women can't get benefits from a low-carb diet they need to be more cautious When approaching like a what I call a prescription ketogenic diet so a ketogenic diet that's quote unquote prescription strength meaning that it mimics what's used clinically uh can cause amenorrhea so there's you know if you look at the literature for epilepsy and Adolescent uh girls there's about a five-fold increase in amenorrhea on girls and that could be there could be a factor of some of the anti-epileptic drugs it's a little bit debated but uh but from my perspective as a physiologist I think the the problems that women can have with low carb diets or ketogenic diets is that the Restriction in protein can alter insulin and Insulin signaling and other metabolic signaling and hormones in ways that could cause amenorrhea but typically and this comes from probably a decade and a half of getting hundreds of emails from women who sending me their blood work and then when I when I probe and ask questions it's like you know they've they're following a diet and then they start a low carb ketogenic diet and then they couple that and then they ramp up their exercise when they're starting their cutting phase or their preparation for an event for a marathon or something like that so it's like you get a double whammy of caloric restriction carbohydrate restriction and coupled with over exercising so that's a that'll put them on a fast track for amenorrhea and not always the case I mean some women are weight stable they're using it for polycystic ovary syndrome or something like that and and maybe having good success with that but in some women like in PCOS sometimes it restores their their cycle and actually balances their hormones uh but women's physiology are more reactive I would say to perturbations in metabolic control or energy status so it's going to perceive an energy deficit and have a reactionary effect you know and that could be uh amenorrhea it could be in women that have been in our lab that tried fasting they actually like they faint or they borderline faint I remember they just have a much more difficult time and I don't know if it's males it just it's kind of like an ego thing or whatever that they can push through it or but I do think males are kind of set up metabolically to uh to basically push through fasting easier uh and women have maybe it's just their blood volume collapses and just through the diuretic naturetic effect they become hypovolemic and they they faint and you know but I really push that you need to get hydration you need to get electrolytes you need to get sodium in things like that uh my wife does not follow a ketogenic diet she can fast for a day but then you know she doesn't like to do that so she does quite well with carbs and uh she probably eats less than since we've been together uh uh but she does communicate with people you know women that that are following ketogenic diets and I just think uh women need to be more cautious with the implementation of a ketogenic diet and it's better to transition if they're not you know you're treating epilepsy or something like that and I've talked to Dr Allison Hall who's one of our clinicians for one of our clinical trial that she's had a lot of success treating like ten thousand you know treating thousands of women uh by uh gradually introducing it over six weeks that you have to do this for long-term sustainment a lot of times it just you fail miserably if you don't have a transitional period so her experience in treating thousands of patients is really says it's super important especially for women to have that six week transitional phase wow and uh I know we can have the whole podcast set aside for just this topic um but I just want to have I have one more question for you I know we're super short on time we're pretty much out of um my last question for you here is you know what are some of the things that you've learned just generally from working with these Elite populations that you think everyone should either dive into learn a little more about or incorporate in their own you know uh Lifestyles or approach to health and well-being you know what are some things have you learned that you think everyone should know about their physiology yeah good question you know if I had to say that I would everybody is a is a very unique metabolic entity and uh and that's there's a lot of there's different hierarchies of you know of research and so I think the N of one is probably one of the best right there's like cohort studies there's case studies but I think the end of one where you're your own control is super important so that's why I would really emphasize that people get Baseline to understand where they're at from metabolic Health perspective from body composition perspective and from a what I call functional biomarker perspective you know like how many push-ups can you do what's your VO2 max what how fast can you run a mile and then from there start implementing you know dietary or supplement protocols that are backed by science and I mean there's some emerging science that we don't have rcts yet right so you want to like ketones for example so you want to delve into that cautiously in a way that you're not going to do any harm but I think from a physiology from speaking as a physiologist we have to know our physiology and that that actually comes back to measuring and I think the more documentation you have now especially for guys and girls out there in their 20s and 30s trust me when you're when you're approaching 50 that date is like gold because that becomes the motivating factor for when you see your body composition change once you you know when your 20s and 30s it's pretty easy to put on muscle and keep it but once you're approaching 50 I mean you got to really work hard and then that data will become the motivating factor for a healthy longevity so so yeah so keep your blood work you know optimize and also if your approach in your training I always did like a linear periodization power lifting template and I thought that was super important for me probably one of the biggest factors in my success in like PhD and just in Academia and in just my fitness goals has been keeping a journal so keeping a journal writing all these biomarkers down writing all my weights down you know and you don't have to get too technical about it you could just write down you know how many grams of protein or how many total calories or but you know I'm gonna work out today and I already wrote down the sets that I'm going to do so I already know in advance what I got to do and it's like you know I'll do that in the morning and then all day in my mind it's like okay yeah 500 for six if I'm gonna say like it'll I'll have the the set in my head the weight that I'll know what the weight feels like and I'll just run it through my head all day you know during different periods so I just pre-program myself to do what I need to do that day and I think that becomes a really important tool and I know Tim Ferriss was really big on that too I remember him mentioning and I have a stack of training Journal a stack of nutrition journals but I have my blood work and my physiology in there too so that's an important aspect of it wonderfully said that's absolutely wonderful and uh I think uh one of the the biggest things that I admire about you is not only do you have knowledge but you're out here busting 500 pounds for for multiple reps in the deadlift so you are you're living proof of uh you know the the how amazing it is to know your physio to apply this to challenge yourself to track every single step of the process you continue on this journey of optimization throughout your life um and I do I'm a fan of Tim Ferriss um anyway uh Dominic this has been absolutely amazing I can't thank you enough for joining us and uh for standing for the research for standing for all the Nuance in the research and helping us you know find Our Truth and um hopefully I can be involved in uh in some future studies at some point I'd be absolutely amazing so thank you so much for your time yeah well I'll keep you up to date on that and also just you know want to direct people to if they have like questions about what I do ketonutrition.org is my website but I'm also a co-host for the metabolic link podcast and also the metabolic Health Summit which is going to be in Clearwater Florida January 25th to 28th I'll be there if you're interested in this topic yeah that'd be awesome to meet you in person and uh yeah just you know for your listeners out there it's going to be basic science clinical science but also human optimization and we're going to have you know a lot of networking opportunities too for people and they like that amazing thank you so much for sharing I'll link to this in the show notes great thank you awesome thanks for having me Andrew yep

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterz53: @58 I think maybe Dom missed the distinction about Free test vs total Testosterone.   I have high total test, but also have high SHBG and lower Free testosterone which I'm trying to deal with.  There's also some complexity in interpreting Free vs biologically available. In my case I think some of this effect is dietary as thee are a number of foods which can affect SHBG.  Still trying to sort.

- Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind: Ketogenic Therapy for Mental Health w/ Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the metabolic link a medical and science focused podcast that explores the common thread of metabolism in health and disease this is where science meets Society hi I'm Dr Georgia Eid I'm a nutritional and metabolic psychiatrist practicing in Massachusetts and I'm the author of a new book called change your diet change your mind I first became interested in the relationship between metabolic health and mental health when I started studying nutrition for the first time for completely different reasons and uh came across information about ketogenic diets uh for epilepsy uh it's been known for over 100 years now that ketogenic diets can stabilize brain chemistry in people with epilepsy and as a psychiatrist who had been prescribing epilepsy medications to people with bipolar disorder for many years it struck me that if a diet could would help with epilepsy could it also help with bipolar disorder and I started to think about epilepsy because there are so many uh so many uh similarities underlying biochemical similarities between epilepsy and bipolar disorder I started to think about uh uh bipolar disorder as a sort of emotional epilepsy and started wondering whether or not a ketogenic diet could be useful in stabilizing brain chemistry in people with mood disorders and so that one thing led to another and I began to study ketogenic diets specifically not just for bipolar disorder but for all aspects of mental health so I first started incorporating nutrition principles into my clinical work in 2009 at that point it really wasn't about ketogenic diets it was about Whole Food principles and you know meeting the the brain's nutritional requirements uh with less toxicity less inflammation less oxidative stress and and then really from there as I studied the ketogenic diet more and more about 2012 2013 was when I started incorporating ketogenic diets into my clinical work uh in private practice and what I started to notice was that regardless of the diagnosis the ketogenic diet seemed to have unique therapeutic benefits that medications that I'd never seen uh possible with medications so uh whether the issue was an attention issue or a memory issue or a mood issue uh concentration issue productivity uh sleep whatever the issue was uh that a ketogenic diet seemed to have uh benefits for almost everybody who was willing to try it uh now certainly it does not work for everybody but the vast majority of people I've worked with over these many years have uh have have benefited in some noticeable and meaningful way to a ketogenic diet if they're willing to follow it in terms of the role that Ketone specifically uh how how it is that ketones specifically uh help mental health uh for example uh for a lot of people who have insulin resistance meaning that over the years uh from eating the wrong way following a high insulin lifestyle that's led to high insulin levels say for example eating too many of the wrong carbohydrates too often over many many years which places a tremendous Demand on our insulin production system and Insulin signaling system over time that can damage uh the insulin signaling system and make it uh more and more difficult for cells throughout the body to respond to insulin's important messages so this includes in the brain so what happens in the brain in people with insulin resistance is that the more insulin resistant they become the harder and harder it is for insulin itself to cross into the brain so glucose still crosses in no questions asked but insulin has a more and more difficult time and so the more insulin resistant you are the lower your brain insulin level can be so what you can see is in people with insulin resistances you can see a brain swimming in a sea of glucose and still be slowly starving to death because the brain can't process glucose to full capacity efficiently without adequate insulin when you then place somebody on a ketogenic diet those ketones will cross easily into the brain and they can bridge that energy gap uh that is left by that sluggish brain glucose processing so now uh now the brain is now running on two fuels some glucose the brain does still need some glucose at all times but all of those sputtering cells that have been trying to get by with not quite adequate glucose uh processing for a long period of time those can come back online and often even within a matter of a few days people will notice a difference in their ability to concentrate their ability to uh think clearly and and a much more stable stable mood and and better mental energy mental Clarity so um the ketones Revitalize the brain's energy Supply in people with insulin resistance metabolic health is simply the how your cells are functioning from dayto day how are they getting their energy how are they taking care of cells how are they clearing away waste products it's really the day-to-day operation system of the cell and so metabolic health is is the the day-to-day operational health of all of your cells so uh of course then it would make sense that that you couldn't have excellent mental health without excellent metabolic health because the brain is full of cells that need to have all of their requirements met so uh when people go on a ketogenic diet it's as though they're shifting their brain's operating system sort of uh uh to to a more efficient mode where all of the pathways not just one pathway here or there the way medications work but all of the you each cell's uh energy production systems operational systems manag M systems Waste Disposal Systems every system of of every single one of those cells is functioning uh uh more efficiently and so when that happens of course the brain will work better and so no matter what kind of a mental health issue you have or how long you've had it you can see substantial improvements in sort of overall brain health and overall and symptoms of a wide variety of mental health disorders so many people underappreciate the powerful role of nutrition in uh in brain health so when when I was in medical school four years of medical school we probably had two or three hours worth of nutrition education and nothing about the relationship between food and the brain and then four years of Psychiatry residency we didn't talk about food once so when I left residency I really never it did not cross my mind uh that the food choices we made were having an impact on our Mental Health and so it wouldn't be until 10 years later after practicing conventionally prescribing medications uh offering Psychotherapy and despite loving my work and really enjoying all the aspects of my work most of my patients weren't getting better and I wasn't alone um my colleagues also some of who had been practicing for decades all of our practices were filling up with patients who weren't getting that much better so uh when when I started studying nutrition and I I I came to the realization like how fundamentally important our food choices are to our brain health um what I learned was that uh all most of the information that we have about nutrition and how to feed our bodies and our brains is incorrect so what what we really need to be thinking about you know we've thought about for so long you know what is a heart healthy diet what is a a diet that's healthy for your waistline we don't usually ask what is a brain healthy diet and a brain healthy diet is very different when you look at the actual science of how cells work and how foods work in the body um what the brain needs in order to produce energy and maintain itself and work properly and maintain its beautiful balance of neurotransmitters and uh all the other important things the brain does is that you need to nourish the brain with all essential nutrients which the standard guidelines do not do you need to protect the brain from damaging ingredients in the diet which our modern guidelines do not do and you need to energize the brain safely over the lifespan in a way that protects brain metabolism and uh which our modern diets do not do and and really that last point about um about uh energizing the brain safely over the lifespan is largely to do with keeping glucose and insulin levels in a healthy range so my hope for the future of mental health uh so the reason I wrote this book it's called change your diet change your mind is because I want people to know how much more control they have over their mental health than they realize and how quickly they can experience really profound changes in the way they think and the way they feel and the way they behave uh if they understand which dietary changes are most worth making and why because so much of what we're told about brain food is is about strategies that do not work putting more blueberries on top of your oatmeal putting flax seeds in your smoothie having more dark choc drinking more red wine these strategies they don't work not only don't they work they actually can work against you uh because there's there's no science behind these strategies and uh this theory that all we need to do is eat more plant Foods more colorful plant Foods full of uh antioxidants um that superfood strategy not only doesn't it work but the foods that we're being told to consume or the products we're being told to consume that are so rich and these antioxidants are usually also loaded either with sugar or with alcohol so for example in the case of dark chocolate sugar in the case of red wine alcohol what you're doing is you might have a tiny little bit of a plant antioxidant plti oxidant inside you know those those Foods or beverages but in the case of chocolate it's surrounded uh by Sugar which is a powerful promoter of oxidative stress which is what we're trying to fight with antioxid in the first place in the case of red wine that little lonely milligram of resveratol that antioxidant red wine that's supposed to be so good for the brain is swimming in a sea of alcohol which is another powerful promoter of oxidative stress that we're trying to fight with antioxidants so I think what people I wish people understood more and what I explained in the book is that you your body doesn't need antioxidants from the outside your cells are equipped with their own internal antioxidants to deal with oxidative stress so the question is why do we have so much excessive oxidative stress in the first place and all that ex excess oxidative stress that we're told to eat more antioxidants for it's coming from the foods we're eating so if you know which foods are causing are the root cause of that oxidative stress and you remove those from the diet then your own internal antioxidant systems can mop up those excess free radicals that that we naturally expect to see from you know eating even a healthy Whole Food's diet there's a certain amount of oxidative stress that we are we are naturally supposed to see when we eat it's part and parcel of food processing but uh so if you take the culprits out of the way and let your body you can let your you can trust your body to do the rest so when people go on a ketogenic diet especially if it's a Whole Food's properly constructed well formulated ketogenic diet the one of the reasons why that is such a powerful antioxid strategy is because it removes so much of the sugar and flour and other refined carbohydrates uh that promote the oxidative stress in the first place so the metabolic Health Summit is important because it focuses on uh really the root causes of most of the chronic mental and physical health diseases we all fear so whether it's depression or Dementia or obesity or cardiovascular disease or fatty liver disease certain forms of cancer um all of these conditions that we think of as normal normal parts of Aging uh all of these conditions which we think uh we have so little control over they're really rooted in uh living a high insulin lifestyle uh and most of metabolic Health has to do with controlling your insulin levels and not about your glucose levels because uh you know as as as so many people who come to this conference already know we're not looking at the right markers we're not we most people uh at least in this country are are are taught to believe that they I mean I think people are starting to understand they do need to pay attention to their blood sugar levels but their blood sugar levels are one that's one of the last dominoes to fall is the fasting blood sugar and that's the test that most people get when they go to their to their Healthcare practitioner uh but by the time your fasting blood sugar level is uh above normal then uh it's it's you already have a significant amount of metabolic damage what you want to know is how much insulin is it taking for you to keep that fasting blood sugar under control and because those High insulin levels are what are damaging your metabolism over time they're damaging your insulin signaling system uh they are slowly silently uh choking off your brain your brain's energy Supply and of course that's going to lead to all kinds of problems uh for every cell in the body not not not uh uh not just the brain cells but uh where it comes to the brain it's it's particular important because one of the diseases we all fear and that we feel we have no control over is Alzheimer's disease when actually we know we've been known for 20 years now that there's a there's a huge uh um uh relationship there's not not just a not just an association between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease there is actually a causal a direct causal relationship between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease and most people don't know that so most people don't know uh that there's already something they can do right now uh that that could dramatically reduce their risk for Alzheimer's disease so the metabolic Health Summit is really important because it helps get the word out to more people uh to pay attention not just to their glucose levels but to their insulin levels to all these other markers of metabolic Health such as you know to pay attention to your waistline and pay attention to your triglyceride levels uh and and uh and maybe maybe even invest in a glucose monitor for a couple of weeks and see what's happening after you eat the breakfast that you think is so healthy for you just just get curious um get and and and and feel empowered to do something to turn things around uh so many of these diseases we're told we have no control over and that all we can do is take more medication or that runs in our families and what the metabolic Health Summit does is it tells people you know this is something we already know how to manage and so you can take control right now and change the course of your future if you have the right information so the metabolic Health Initiative is really important because we need credible science-based evidence-based uh education platforms to help uh clinicians who may be more skeptical or who may uh not have enough information to see how powerful the science is and hear it from from credible sources uh that they can trust and and and then bring that information into their clinical work so um uh and I have experience with this I teach a a training program a CME accredited training program for clinicians in ketogenic diets for mental health and my experience with that uh uh uh having taught that that course for almost four years now is that people are really hungry for this this kind of information people want new strategies to offer their patients they want the information they want to be able to share new Cutting Edge uh ideas and therapies that actually work um and and and and they they they need the information and they need the tools to be able to do it so in so for example with the metabolic Health Initiative which uh you know being run by by you know scientific uh being being run by you know leading clinicians and and researchers in the field scientists in the field that I I think that that will really help to educate the next generation of clinicians so that we it will start to become normal uh and uh to incorporate these kinds of principles into into everyday clinical practice I think very quickly with the help of the metabolic Health Initiative uh people who don't practice this way are going to start to be viewed as uh using outdated outdated strategies and that's exactly what we need to happen thanks for listening to this episode of the metabolic link if you're enjoying this podcast please share subscribe follow and leave us a comment or review on whichever platform you use to tune in we hope you'll join us next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @mjones2619 [17 likes]: So important to know how bad sugar harms the body, it’s also impacts Alzheimer’s and dementia the second diabetes. I’ve been on keto diet for three weeks and my mood and sleep is improving everyday.
  2. @MetabolicHealthSummit [10 likes]: Join us for a live Q&A with Dr. Ede on March 6th! Register here: https://membership.metabolicinitiative.com/georgiaede
  3. @valeriesanchez3074 [4 likes]: Keto with the addition of intermittent fasting does wonders. I personally do a 24 hr fast once a week then eat very low carbs at 12 noon and 5 pm and fast throughout until noon again. Helps to reset insulin sensitivity, heal broken cells, reduce cancer risk, lower blood pressure etc. In another video also mentioned to treat alzheimers , dementia better to perform a 3 day water fast.
Well, long story short, keto + fasting= incredible healing.
  4. @葉瓊鞠 [4 likes]: 一、講座核心內容總結
1. 飲食與腦部代謝的關係
Dr. Ede 強調現代飲食（高糖、高精製碳水、超加工食品）會引發慢性發炎、氧化壓力與胰島素抗性，這些都是導致抑鬱、焦慮、多型鬱躁症等精神狀態的幕後因素 

2. 低碳酮體作為腦部穩定燃料
在飲食導致胰島素升高、細胞阻抗時，腦部能量供應障礙，導致思維不清晰、情緒波動。採用酮體為主燃料的飲食（即生酮飲食）能提供更穩定、清潔的能量來源，有助於提高腦部穩定性與情緒控制 
3. 精神疾病與癲癇之間的相關性
她提到生酮飲食長久以來用於控制癲癇（尤其難治型），同時許多心理健康疾病（如躁鬱症）也涉及神經穩定性失衡。這些類似性使生酮飲食成為一種腦部穩定飲食治療策略 

4. 個人化飲食策略的重要性
並非每個人都適用同一種飲食方式。Dr. Ede 建議從「Quiet Paleo」開始（低敏、低碳、不加調味），若無效再進階至「Quiet Keto」，最後可能演變為「Quiet Carnivore」。透過逐步 reintroduce 食物，找到最適個人化飲食模

5. 飲食對成癮與暴食的潛在幫助
許多案例指出，採生酮或類肉食飲食後，暴食、酒精渴望或賭博衝動等行為顯著改善。這類飲食可協助穩定血糖與情緒，有助於減少衝動性

二、書中重點概念
來自《Change Your Diet, Change Your Mind》一書與講座一致的核心概念包括：

項目	要點說明
胰島素抗性與所謂「腦部第3型糖尿病」	胰島素阻抗時，腦無法有效利用葡萄糖，導致能量短缺與情緒失調 
厭惡植物食物理論	部分植物含抗營養物質（如草酸、苯甲酸、植酸等），可能加重腦部／腸道敏感者的症狀 
Dr. Ronald Hoffman |
營養完整性與動物性食物	建議攝取高品質動物蛋白質、脂肪與適量低碳蔬菜以確保長期腦部營養健康 

三、臨床與實踐建議
若正在考慮飲食介入常見精神症狀（如焦慮、情緒不穩、躁鬱傾向等），建議先諮詢熟悉代謝精神醫學或生酮療法的臨床醫師。

檢測胰島素、空腹血糖、裡脂比、炎症指標等代謝指標，有助於評估生酮飲食是否適合個人情況。

生酮並非一勞永逸，亦需搭配飲食多樣性管理、電解質補充、個人化追蹤。

四、總結
Dr. Ede 的講座與著作共同強調：

飲食是影響腦部能量、神經傳導與情緒穩定的關鍵。

生酮飲食可作為精神疾病的輔助治療策略，特別對於難以控制的情緒或衝動症狀有潛在益處。

強調從簡到嚴漸進個人化飲食調整，並非所有人都適合走到最嚴格的Carnivore。


資料來源
你說：
Quiet Keto 飲食、實際餐單範例

好的！我整理一下 Dr. Georgia Ede 所提到的 Quiet Keto 飲食概念，並附上幾份實際餐單範例，讓你能更清楚了解。

一、Quiet Keto 飲食核心概念
Quiet Keto 是 Ede 博士提出的低刺激、低敏感版本的生酮飲食，目標是：

維持酮症，提供腦部穩定能量

減少潛在發炎與食物過敏原

降低消化與精神負擔

基本原則
極低碳水

碳水攝取量通常低於每日 20 克淨碳水

移除高糖、精製澱粉、水果（少量莓果可後期視情況加回）

中高脂肪

來自天然動物脂肪（牛油、豬油、雞油、鴨油、魚油）、初榨橄欖油、牛油果油等

中等蛋白質

以肉類、魚類、蛋類為主

限制或暫停高敏蔬菜

暫時減少茄科（番茄、茄子、辣椒）、高草酸蔬菜（菠菜、甜菜葉）

常選用低刺激蔬菜（西葫蘆、花椰菜、白菜等）

不使用加工調味料

降低食品添加物與潛在過敏源

逐步重新引入食材

當症狀改善後，可慢慢測試蔬菜、香料、乳製品等耐受度

二、Quiet Keto 實際餐單範例
以下餐單以每日 2～3 餐為範例，可視個人作息調整。

範例 1（初期適應期）
早餐

雞蛋 2 顆，用草飼牛油煎

牛油果半顆

黑咖啡（可加 MCT 油或鮮奶油，若耐受乳製品）

午餐

鹽煎牛小排（油脂不去掉）

清燙四季豆（少量橄欖油拌）

鹽、胡椒簡單調味

晚餐

烤鮭魚（附魚皮）

花椰菜泥（用奶油與鹽調味）

西葫蘆絲拌橄欖油

範例 2（穩定期，可增加食材變化）
早餐

培根 2 片 + 半熟蛋 2 顆

牛油果 1/4 顆

黑咖啡或草本茶

午餐

烤雞腿（保留雞皮）

白花椰菜＋奶油

橄欖油淋少許檸檬汁

晚餐

烤鯖魚或沙丁魚罐頭（橄欖油浸）

青江菜或白菜

少量牛油提香

範例 3（進入長期維持）
早餐（可省略，進行間歇性斷食）

黑咖啡 / 草本茶

MCT 油或牛油咖啡（若適合）

午餐

羊排 200g

烤蘆筍（橄欖油拌）

奶油花椰菜泥

晚餐

烤牛肋條

西葫蘆與香菇（橄欖油炒）

鹽、胡椒調味

三、Quiet Keto 的補充注意事項
電解質補充：生酮初期容易流失鈉、鉀、鎂，可透過鹽水、骨湯或補充劑補足

水分攝取：每日足夠水分，避免脫水與酮流感

追蹤反應：觀察情緒、睡眠、腸胃及能量變化

逐步調整：如症狀穩定，可慢慢測試加入香料、不同蔬菜甚至乳製品
  5. @mataserda212 [4 likes]: What is the best way to contact Dr. Ede?  My wife and I would like to try this ketogenic diet with our son.  We want to monitor him closely for at least  30 days.  We don’t want to eliminate his medications without his doctor’s recommendation.  We would like Dr. Ede’s recommendation.
  6. @Latrelle59 [2 likes]: That's all great but most people can't afford the quality food it takes.
  7. @michelbourassa2369 [2 likes]: Would keto diet help in schizophrenia? Thank you.
  8. @EtienneLeBoeuf [1 likes]: The no 1 biomarker for how well you will age is natural hormone production. When hormones decline health and wellness declines. Sarcopenia arrives loss of bone density and reduced activity levels along with cognitive decline poor moods and increased stress. This is why all biohackers are on TRT to attempt to compensate for this deficit. I went from 334 to 960 in around three months all natural no TRT. This book should be essential reading for all men. Written by a 50s guy with natural T levels higher than most 20s guys
Complete guide to testosterone by james Francis
  9. @jeffcrozier317 [1 likes]: Excellent summary. A keto diet turned my depression around. I had tried virtually every treatment short of ECT, and only a keto diet was effective and durable.
  10. @alessandrodimeo6570 [1 likes]: After day two I felt so down that I had to take a latte macchiato and felt well immediatly, I think I will be doing this until I can live without the milk. (Max 2 per day, so I keep the carbs as low as possible).
  11. @AdamEdwards-m3g [1 likes]: I’m 4 weeks into keto and I’m hoping it helps to alleviate my OCD symptoms.
  12. @bryandaves1005 [1 likes]: Commenting for the algorithm
  13. @laaaiaaiaisa [1 likes]: I'm ADHD and have intolerance (blood tests done) of dairy, egg and yeast, fodmap and histamines. PLUS coeliac disease. Have no idea how to do a keto diet with what I have available..
  14. @nusrathidayatullah5293 [1 likes]: Thank you Dr very appealing and interesting information especially the recent advances in mental health
  15. @dbiswas123 [1 likes]: Thank you for providing such an informative video; I truly appreciate it.
  16. @stanibol [1 likes]: Some good insights there!
All i would add, anyone over 12 years old with weight issues compounded by  mood swing, 'teenage blues", could benefit from parasite cleanse & binders.
Anyone who decide to opt for keto or carnivore diet should do several parasite cleanses thru the year  .  Herbal as well as vet meds .
  17. @kylew.f.7812 [1 likes]: Any suggestions for an MD, psychiatrist, nutritionist, endocrinologist, internist who are aware of your work/research in Houston, TX? None are listed on your website..... I'm 68 year old woman first diagnosed with depression in 1991. Life-long habit of under-eating; recent diagnosis includes ARFID and OCD with hoarding aspect. Focused now on simply eating. Diagnosed pre-diabetic in January 2024. Adopted as infant; learned last year that birth mother died of pancreatic cancer. Thank you, in advance, for any direction. I will be in Massachusetts late April/early May.
  18. @user-xk1ze2dt6h: Thank you !
  19. @ramyapriyadarshini1318: By no
  20. @NikiKrieger: anyone reading this message go find the book the hidden herbs by anette ray. that's the one book that really did it for me

- How Keto Affects Your Brain: Kind: captions Language: en the brain is an energy demanding organ for psychiatric diseases could an intervention that's metabolism base could it actually affect the processes in the brain that produce the disease to begin with in the ketogenic diet the principal metabolic change in our body is that because of the lack of carbohydrates in our diet the lack of sugar our body starts using other substrates to produce energy its which is metabolism to use fat as energy source instead of glucose and it's doing that in a way that it produces chemicals called Ketone bodies acetate acid to acetate and B types butyrate these are produced in the liver get into the bloodstream and from the bloodstream they go up into the brain you're giving the brain a chance of fighting all the toxins everything that is around so the mitochondria has enough time to do it what's supposed to do to clear to get the calcium inside to put the ATP outside to enable faster oxidation ketosis changes our metabolic physiology which changes our brain chemistry it can balance the neurotransmitter systems in the brain balance the energy levels in the brain reduce systemic inflammation which reduces neural inflammation we know inflammation in the brain can trigger psychiatric disorders in schizophrenia in bipolar disease there is a problem with the way the brain utilizes glucose and other aspects of the metabolic Machinery then circumventing that and providing another source of energy in the form of Ketone bodies we might be able to normalize the abnormal cell biology therefore the symptoms this is an evidence-based treatment for epilepsy we have many randomized controlled trials we have two Cochrane reviews we've known for over 100 years that ketogenic diets improve stabilize protect energize the brain the science is already here foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @warren4peace [27 likes]: I didn't know anything  about the KETO diet except it was low in Carbos & High in fat! I thought I would give it a try for a month. WOW! What a difference! Especially in my knee joints! I can now move so much  better, & I can think more clearly! Oh, by the way, I'm 61 yrs. young. Don't let yourself being older stop you!🎉
  2. @view13s [26 likes]: I was in keto for like 8 months and I was able to lose weight. Work hard. Sleep better and even make more money. I got back into carbs and my whole life fell apart in 3 months
  3. @cammymitch [12 likes]: Your articulate explanation of the ketogenic diet's impact on brain health is enlightening. Your insights into the science behind it provide a profound understanding. Incorporating this knowledge into my personal tailored keto plan not only enhanced mental clarity but also contributed to a successful weight loss of 50 pounds. Thank you for sharing this knowledge!

edit: For personalized keto plans, feel free to check my profile
  4. @sombra1111 [11 likes]: You should study what happens to our voice on keto. I've never felt better and everything is perfect on keto, except my voice, which is very, very weak. I'm a singer and I can't sing anymore. I also noticed that almost everybody who's promoting keto has a raspy voice. I don't want to go back to my previous diet but I also need my voice. The thing is, I can't find any help at all with this issue. I see people complaining about the same thing I'm complaining, but they also couldn't find help. I see no other way but to go back to eating carbs and feeling like sh*t because my voice is my job. I feel so frustrated it's hard to put it into words. When I finally found something great in my life, it came with a horrible side effect that turns it into a nightmare. Story of my life.
  5. @st.tribunale7144 [6 likes]: I‘m suffering from severe sensory overload that leads to anxiety, derealization and panic attacks. I tried Keto because I wanted to lose a little weight but suddenly my symptoms got sooo much better, it‘s incredible!🙏🏻
  6. @aoifeboland8100 [4 likes]: I had complex PTSD and its associated anxiety, depression 10 years ago. I recovered. I then got covid in Dec 2022. I developed covid pneumonia and a plural effusion post infection. 7 months in I'd massive brain fog and cognitive impairment. I'm 18 months now into long covid and 6 weeks ago I went on a keto diet. The results have been huge. My memory, cognitive function and overall enegry has improved significantly. I'm staying on it as it's meant I could finally return to work. I take a good probiotic and complex b vitamins (which I had taken since before getting covid) the keto had been the key in my recovery
  7. @speedracerjeff [3 likes]: Keto may be good for those who already experience stress and anxiety. But Keto can and often does give people bad anxiety and panic attacks, esp those who aren’t normally anxious.
  8. @anapadilla7133 [2 likes]: Amazing !!
  9. @CJ-ft9yo [1 likes]: Three days in, and I feel like I do after a really successful meditation
  10. @DaveB-TeleMan [1 likes]: I have just experienced the “lifting of brain fog” phenomenon this morning.
It was as if I was a race car, and my fuel source improved. Cool!
  11. @KK-lg8uz [1 likes]: its almost like if you give a species a diet it didnt evolve on (high carb, plant based) there are negative repercussions. We can observe this with all other species, why do most humans think it doesnt apply to our own species.
  12. @regzlion7334 [1 likes]: Prolonged fasting achieves a significant amount of ketones to be produced from fat storage.
  13. @e.miller8943 [1 likes]: The keto diet results in ketones in the brain because of consumption of large amounts of saturated fat and no sugar spikes. You can do the same thing on a vegan diet by eating large amounts of cocoanut oil and avoiding sugar and refined carbs. What's the difference?
  14. @deathamdx6 [1 likes]: you have mental clarity but you have also high cortisol and your brain works slower cause atp.
  15. @erickeegan5999: I’m only interested in upping my IQ scores
  16. @fayhopeduhaney7196: keto, is the new antidepressant ❤
  17. @radicalrad77: Would it work for everyone though?
  18. @Fröhlich1985: ❤
  19. @cocomoss3105: https://youtu.be/Lu2OvMXfTco?si=HiDERNs_4f_2Gaab
  20. @hannahyun0: brain fog?

- Ketogenic Diets for Mental Health | Dr. Georgia Ede | Metabolic Link Private Feed Episode: Kind: captions Language: en hello I'm Dr Georgia Eid a psychiatrist specializing in nutritional and metabolic Psychiatry the exciting New Field of metabolic Psychiatry is changing not only the way we think about and treat mental illnesses but also the way we feel about them the term metabolic Psychiatry was coined by Dr Shabani Sethi a psychiatrist obesity medicine specialist and clinical researcher who founded the metabolic Psychiatry clinic at Stanford University in her words metabolic Psychiatry is a new Subs specialty focused on targeting and treating metabolic dysfunction to improve mental health outcomes so before we take a closer look at the science of ketogenic diets for mental health let's stop and consider what is the definition of a ketogenic diet my definition anyway is that a ketogenic diet is any way of eating that lowers insulin levels enough to turn on fat burning and generate clinically meaningful levels of ketones in the blood most experts agree that clinically meaningful ketosis begins at serum beta hydroxy furiate levels of 0.5 Millo a typical ketogenic diet is very low in carbohydrate moderate in protein and high in fat many people think of the ketogenic diet as a weight loss diet but it was originally created to stabilize brain chemistry it was originally created to treat people with seizures the evidence behind the use of ketogenic diets for epilepsy is Broad and deep in addition to over a hundred years of clinical experience there are animal studies laboratory studies and more than a dozen randomized control trials which have consistently found that more than 50% of patients experience at least a 50% reduction in seizure activity on a ketogenic diet so it's a very effective intervention and there's a mer in evidence for the use of ketogenic diets and other neurological conditions as well as you can see on the left hand side of this Slide the conditions in bold are the ones that have the most science behind them including randomized control trials which are considered the strongest type of evidence and this robust evidence base in neurology is very good news for Psychiatry because I would argue that the line between neurology and Psychiatry is imaginary the brain is not not divided into neurology cells and Psychiatry cells it is one organ in fact brain conditions considered neurological and brain conditions considered psychiatric share many common underlying features and the four most important the ones that we're going to talk about uh today are imbalances of neurotransmitters like serotonin dopamine glutamate and Gaba which psychiatric medications uh are largely designed to Target except excessive inflammation and oxidative stress which and insulin resistance we'll go into more detail about each one of these shortly but I wanted to first introduce them together on one slide because it just so happens that high blood sugar and high insulin levels can lead to every single one of these underlying biochemical derangements and while there certainly can be other causes I would argue that high glucose and high insulin levels are by far not only the most common drivers of these brain damaging forces but also the easiest to Target with Lifestyle Changes because just as high sugar high insulin diets can lead to all of these problems the ketogenic diet has been shown in scientific studies to address all of these problems so let's explore these major mechanisms in a little more detail uh let's begin with insulin resistance so diets too high in carbohydrate especially refined carbohydrates such as flour sugar juices and cereals require large amounts of insulin and when insulin levels run too high too often the ability for cells to respond to insulin's messages becomes impaired and that's what's called insulin resistance insulin resistance has reached epidemic proportions around the world so for example here in the United States depending on which study you look at and depending on your definition of insulin resistance anywhere between 52 % and 88% of us have insulin resistance insulin resistance is sometimes referred to as pre-diabetes because over time it can eventually lead to high blood glucose levels and type 2 diabetes in susceptible individuals but how does insulin resistance affect the brain glucose crosses the bloodb brain barrier easily without any help from insulin so the higher the blood sugar the higher the brain sugar this is true even in people people with insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes so even people with severe metabolic dysfunction don't need to worry about lowb brain glucose what people with insulin resistance need to worry about is low brain insulin because unfortunately in people with insulin resistance which again is now the growing majority of us chronic overexposure to insulin at the bloodb brain barrier causes insulin resistance of The receptors the insulin receptors uh that sit on the bloodb brain barrier and that are responsible for escorting insulin into the brain so as a person becomes more and more insulin resistant it becomes increasingly difficult for insulin to cross into the brain this means that paradoxically over time the higher the blood insulin the lower the brain insulin this is a huge problem because brain cells cannot process glucose and turn it into energy or use glucose for anything else for that matter without adequate insulin so in people with insulin resistance the brain can be swimming in a sea of glucose and still be starving to death and that dire predicament is what is called cerebral glucose hypometabolism simply sluggish brain glucose processing there are now multiple lines of high quality evidence making a compelling case that this fundamental brain energy crisis is the driving force behind most cases of Alzheimer's disease we now know that Alzheimer's disease is preceded by Decades of gradually slowing brain glucose processing pet scan evidence of cerebral glucose hyper metabolism has been documented in women as young as in their early 20s insulin resistance was recognized as a key causal factor in all Alzheimer's disease as long ago as 2008 leading researchers at Brown University uh led by Dr suzan de lont to begin calling Alzheimer's disease type 3 diabetes we're still learning about how this common problem of sluggish glucose processing influences Neuropsychiatric conditions other than Alzheimer's disease but it stands to reason that a shortage of brain energy could cause all kinds of problems for mood behavior and cognition and in fact Imaging studies do find evidence of brain glucose processing problems in autism major depression bipolar disorder and schizophrenia we now know that insulin resistance is also associated with all of the mental health conditions on this slide which means that people with these conditions are more likely to have insulin resistance than people without these conditions there isn't enough evidence yet to know whether insulin resistance alone can cause these conditions but we are beginning to see that the presence of insulin resistance can make certain psychiatric problems worse and then addressing that insulin resistant can improve those psychiatric symptoms for example Nova Scotia based metabolic psychiatrist Dr Cynthia calin's research has found that people with bipolar disorder who also have insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes which is simply severe endstage insulin resistance are more likely to experience rapid mood cycling more likely to suffer a deteriorating disease course and less likely to respond to the mood stabilizing drug lithium recently her group published a very important study demonstrating that if you can reverse insulin resistance in in this case she used the insulin sensitizing medicine metformin a generic medicine commonly used to treat type 2 diabetes Metformin is a a drug that works by improving insulin resistance if you can reverse insulin resistance with metformin you can make a significant difference in the severity of bipolar depression [Music] symptoms oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @KetoCookbooksCorner [8 likes]: Thank you for shedding light on the connection between ketogenic diet and mental health!
  2. @dannykay3598 [6 likes]: Heard you on Rina’s podcast earlier today. Boy, as you know, sure ain’t fun figuring out our own health care. Thanks to the non med influencers like Rina, I’m on a decent track of  understanding. Your information is like all the Keto/carn docs all rolled into one. You put all the pieces together for me and am sure for others. Thanks so much.
  3. @nagaps7357 [2 likes]: ❤🎉😊🎉❤
  4. @danno1800 [2 likes]: Very well explained — thank you — much appreciated! I have SUBSCRIBED…
  5. @elec3calengr [2 likes]: Please discuss keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀diet and intelligence for students
  6. @stevensandersauthor [1 likes]: Excellent. Thank you.
  7. @Roberto-cg2gr [1 likes]: Please have a research on keto with learning, memory and cognitive function
  8. @p.m.2116 [1 likes]: If your insulin levels are too high you never burn fat?
  9. @Fröhlich1985 [1 likes]: Thank you ❤
  10. @gstlynx [1 likes]: Thanks Doc. Great summary.
  11. @juttawarn1569: Is the keto diet helpful for children with ADHD?
  12. @ozhavusha1928: Amazing thank you Georgia 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙃
  13. @葉瓊鞠: 蛋白質控制於適中，以避免糖質生成（gluconeogenesis）

你抓到了一個很關鍵的點 👍

在 酮飲食 中，蛋白質之所以強調「適中」而不是「高量」，主要原因正是 避免過多蛋白質經由糖質新生（gluconeogenesis）轉換成葡萄糖，❤❤影響酮症維持。

🔍 為什麼蛋白質要適中
糖質新生機制

當攝入蛋白質過多，部分胺基酸（特別是糖生胺基酸，如丙胺酸、絲胺酸、麩醯胺酸）會在肝臟經由糖質新生途徑轉化為葡萄糖。

葡萄糖升高會促進胰島素分泌，降低酮體生成，可能使身體脫離酮症狀態。

適中蛋白的意義

蛋白質足夠維持肌肉、免疫與修復功能，但不過量導致葡萄糖生成超過需求。

多數經典酮飲食的蛋白質比例落在 每公斤理想體重 1.0–1.5 g／天，或總熱量約 15–20%。

⚖ 如何判斷「適中」
舉例：體重 60 kg 成人

❤❤每日蛋白質：約 60–90 g（視活動量、年齡、疾病狀態微調）。

分布來源：👍👍肉類、魚、蛋、適量乳製品（起司、希臘優格）、少量堅果。

臨床參考比例（經典 KD）

💕💕脂肪：蛋白質：碳水 ≈ 4:1（或 3:1，視需求調整）。

❤❤成人精神科應用常採 脂肪比例稍低、蛋白稍高（2:1～3:1），以免營養不足。

💡 實務建議（避免糖質新生過多）
分餐平均攝取蛋白質，避免一次攝入過多。

優先選擇富含脂肪的蛋白來源（如肥魚、帶皮雞腿、❤❤😒😒肥牛、全蛋），減少瘦肉一次性大量攝取。

若活動量大或有肌肉維持需求，可微調蛋白，但仍需監測血酮。
  14. @Cartamandua: I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I've started a keto diet twice and both times in week 2 I felt really depressed to the point that I had to stop.
  15. @npapic1346: 🫡
  16. @Puccilicious: I do not think that a diet will help here. The main problem seems to be a disfunctional blood brain barrier with defect tight junctions. And I think the next few years research should focus on this problem. Because no matter if the disfunction is caused by genetic reasons, drugs like methamphetamin, heroin... certain viruses and bacteria like for example covid19, but also cholera... this is what causes in the first place oxidation of the brain. And if the blood brain barrier is defect no diet can bring any real outcome here.
  17. @dannykay3598: Heard you on Rina’s podcast earlier today. Boy, as you know, sure ain’t fun figuring out our own health care. So glad you did. Thanks to the non med influencers like Rina, I’m on a decent track of  understanding. Famous last words. Your information is like all the Keto/carn docs all rolled into one. You put the missing pieces together for me and am sure for others. Thanks so much.
  18. @HS99876: Thank you
  19. @SouthTomislav: Very good video. Thx
  20. @laurenbuckingham9891: References?

- Interview with Psychiatrist and Ketogenic Nutrition Consultant, Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone its Victoria with metabolic Health Summit and we have a guest who I'm very excited to bring on today because we're gonna be talking about a topic that's not often discussed or should be discussed more I should say mental health her name is dr. Georgia EDA and she's a pretty incredible woman she's a Harvard trained board-certified psychiatrist who specializes in nutrition and college mental health she's also the first psychiatrist at Harvard University Health Services to actually offer nutrition as an alternative to medication so pretty special guest today that we have on and she's gonna be speaking at metabolic health summit if you haven't got your tickets they're going quick make sure you secure those soon at metabolic health summit calm and let's see if she's on here so we can add her in all right let's see if Facebook will cooperate today all right George wants to join the video very excited to have you in dr. Reid come on Victoria hello thank you so much for doing this live video with me today I think it's just one we're so excited to have you as the speaker at metabolic health summit because what you your work and what you've done and the fact that you're incorporating nutrition into the mix when it comes to metabolic health is something that you really don't hear too much about and we couldn't be more honored to have you with us in January as a speaker I'm thrilled that you invited me and in such good company as we were speaking before about this really gonna Brown groundbreaking session you're having at the metabolic health summit with dr. Bredesen and dr. Rowe and dr. Canaan you know all four of us will be speaking about brain health and then there'll be a panel and the discussion afterward and that's that's something new that I haven't seen in other conferences and I'm I think it's I think it's a fabulous idea and I hope that you know people will get a lot out of the combination of the information that she thank you I really appreciate that and it wouldn't be possible without our incredible speakers and we really appreciate what you're bringing to the table and and the important work you do because you know when I first learned about your work as a psychiatrist and really sort of setting a new standard for Harvard Health was you know I was blown away to hear that there was somebody who is actually using food as the powerful tool that it can potentially be for people so I want to talk I want to backtrack a little bit and allow for people to get to know you a little bit better and talk about how this sort of started for you you're you've been a psychiatrist for over 20 years my understanding which is incredible and you've really you incorporate food into working with your clients and but talk about how it started for you personally because I believe it was your your mom who might have inspired this path to begin with right well you know you know I I my interest in food you know goes back a long way to childhood and I you know and I think like most women I thought of food purely as a way to control my weight and I didn't know about low carbohydrate diets until in my 30s when my mom lost 90 pounds on the Atkins diet I always follow sort of the low-fat low-cholesterol high exercise calorie counting plan but anyway she lost 90 pounds and saying that was really you know surprised by that so I I started exploring various versions of low-carbohydrate diets for myself and but I didn't and that and and eventually with some success but I didn't come to become interested in the connection between food and mental health until years later in my early 40s when I was trying to you know I was experimenting with my dad to try to help myself with some other problems that had cropped up for me some kind pain and fatigue and things like that IBS and migraines and StumbleUpon and some other dietary changes that made a big difference for me physically but also happened to my concentration and mood and energy and ways I hadn't even been trying to do so as a psychiatrist I got really curious about that why would this diet that I stumbled on and that now lots of people are stumbling on it's not just a low-carbon it's also important to you know to be careful with your brains and the goons and even certain vegetables sometimes but making sure you're including fat and meat and cholesterol and making changes to the diet that actually the brain really appreciates and so when that happened I I was worried that my new sort of high meat high cholesterol diet was going to kill me so how is this make me feel better when it's not you know all these bad things you hear but continue sorry no no exactly and so and I hadn't studied nutrition before so I was conventionally trained and prescribed medications and and did psychotherapy and so I started studying nutrition really studying nutrition very very deeply and obsessively and I've been doing that for more than 10 years now and it became really clear as you and so many other people now know you just scratched the surface of these nutrition guidelines and there is no science there so I it it's really interesting it's quite quite simple what the brain needs in order to function and so many of the foods that people think of as healthy are actually working against their good mental health and there are really simple changes people can make they can make a big difference and may help people to reduce the need for medications or in some cases even eliminate the need for medications we have so many people on psychiatric medications now and it would be interesting to know how many of those people may not need all of that medication yeah absolutely and you know in the people that you've worked with and incorporating food into the mix what you've seen now how what sort of percentage would you saying just in terms of like how important your food choices are when it comes to you know maybe treating what your whether it's depression or anxiety and things that so many people are dealing with today yeah you know well it couldn't be more important you know we think of we think of mental health problems as chemical imbalances in the brain well where do the brain chemicals come from they come from food and so if you feed your brain properly um then you actually know who you really are what you're really capable of what your personal best is I think when most of us have been feeding our brain the wrong way our entire lives and therefore you know you might think of yourself as an anxious person at heart or you might think of yourself as scattered or depressed or you know you may even have been diagnosed with a serious mental illness or even been hospitalized but you have no idea what you're actually like who you actually are how your brain actually works what symptoms you actually have or don't have until you take all of the foods out that are working against you and put the foods in that will work for you then you know what your real baseline is and for some people their anxiety or depression or ADHD or whatever it is goes away and so I get to work with a person where food has not made a difference it's certainly not the case that everybody can go off of their medication but I everyone I've worked with is willing to try dietary changes it's made a big difference and you know there are all kinds of special tweaks and things involved in working with the medications and so forth but but there's no question that it's a powerful intervention yeah absolutely and it's so interesting that you sort of learned about it later following you know schooling and all of that and what you sort of went through you know mental health impacts so many of us I mean it's it's all over the all around us right and whether it's your family member or you know somebody or maybe you're dealing with it yourself it for me is somebody who you know mental health you know and people in my life it's impacted just knowing that there's a potential out there an option out there that's non-toxic and it's just sort of I mean I say just it is a big deal to change their lifestyle but its food right it's something that we can enjoy and fat tastes good so it's it's actually quite a fun lifestyle but to knowing this for me personally I just become so passionate about trying to get the word out about how food can make such a difference what is that like for you as somebody who's dedicated your life to helping people with mental health in one I can only imagine you probably want to scream from the mountaintop you write some great you know you speak all over the world you write great blogs you could not checked out dr. EADS website as well as Psychology Today I mean you've got some incredible articles out there in the world what is that like for you personally I love it I love it become really really passionate about it and I want to inspire other psychiatrists and nurse practitioners and primary care doctors around the world to incorporate these principles into their practices because what any psychiatrist will tell you is that being a psychiatrist with using conventional means is very challenging medications don't always work in fact often you have to try three four five six different medications before you find something it might actually help and most medications don't help completely and most medications have side effects and there are so many people they don't want to take medication or who can't afford to take medication or who develop side effects and they can't stay on the medication or they want an all-natural approach you know or the medication doesn't work and then what do you do then you're stuck and I've had many many patients over the years where we run out of options or the options that were left with are really a you know a compromise that in order to be able to function go to work or go to school they have to put up with some pretty difficult side-effects sometimes and it's a it's it's having something else to offer people if they were willing to try it is it gives you tremendous it's really empowering for the people you're working with as well as for me to feel like okay there's something else we can do if you're open to it and they and they have the power to make that change which like you said it's so empowering and you feel empowered like hey I can make a difference in my day-to-day life that I'm sure changes their outlook to what they're dealing with and those positive thoughts hopefully will help in the process I can only imagine you know what that sort of chain reaction is like where do you see and I could probably talk to you on this topic for like hours but I'm going to try to reel it in but how do you see this change in more psychiatrists and mental health you know practitioners and whatnot where do you see this change really how is it gonna happen where we're talking about food to these patients more and more and we're talking more openly about mental health and how our daily lifestyle choices make a difference well I do feel like there's a shift happening it's starting to happen and for example just last year professor Felice Jacka from Australia who's my pioneering food and mental health researcher in Australia she launched an organization called the International Society for psychical psychiatry research the first organization of its kind in the world and so I attended their first meeting and it was it was wonderful they were you know people from all over the world to think about this and who and some who have been studying nutrition mental health for a very long time so and that's that organization is is going to grow and and and that organization as part of its mission is to foster new research in the field and so there are more and more papers coming out now about nutrition and psychiatry so that's that's sort of creating a buzz in the academic world where it's it's it's it's okay now to talk about food mental health there actually are connections inflammation oxidation and insulin resistance hormonal imbalance lots of different pathways between food and brain health that are backed up by the literature now so you don't perceived as crazy if you if you recommend some of these the low carb diets or key today diets to patients it's not so strange now so I think that the academic world is coming on board and then I think in the popular others people are starting to write books people are starting to give talks not just me but other people as well psychiatrists and neurologists I'm talking about the importance of food and the brain so it's it's it's starting to it's starting to spill into popular on outlets as well so it's not just the scientists and the researchers who are thinking about it there's it's going to create a demand when people hear that this is possible they're gonna want to work with people who know how to do this and one of the great things as you were saying is that it's empowering you depending on what you're dealing with you may not need a lot of help with this month these things are things people can do on their own without a specialist and so that's really gives people a lot more control you know over their destiny as well yeah absolutely and you even brought up migraines which is something that I personally part of the reason I switched over to a low-carb lifestyles because of that and I know you don't look at yourself and seeing you really don't understand like the power food until you actually kind of go through that shift and see not only is it impacted my life but actually my dog who's an epileptic she went on the diet for most seniors they're completely they're completely bond I mean we control it through a ketogenic diet which is like once you see that kind of big change happen it's really hard to go backwards and I just really respect and admire a lot of the work you're doing and getting the message out about how important food is in when it comes to brain health really excited about your talk if you want to briefly touch on what you're gonna be discussing at metabolic health summit that would be great sure so my talk is about understanding food and talking about nutritional psychiatry as offering new treatment options for people with mental health disorders because most people don't most people still don't know that these are options most people still think of medications and psychotherapy as the cornerstone of mental health treatment and I think ignoring nutrition is is no longer acceptable I think we know too much now to be able to to not put this on the table as an option of course not everybody's gonna want to change their diet but for people who do it can make a tremendous difference so this presentation is going to um it's going to review the what we know now bring everybody up to date about the science of low-carbohydrate ketogenic diets and other diets as well in terms of what the science tells us today about how diet can affect various mental health disorders from bipolar disorder to schizophrenia to depression to ADHD to autism so just review all of that science and let people know where it stands now it's constantly changing and growing which is fantastic and I'll also be including some of basic information general information that a lot of people don't think about beyond low carb and ketogenic diets because I think a lot of people who attend the summit or be interesting to summit may already have may already have heard that low carbon Connect diets may be good for the brain but it's not just about low carbohydrate and improving brain metabolism it's about being careful with your food choices and making sure you understand which foods are working for in which foods are working against you so it's not just about carbohydrates it's also about which fats you eat and what kinds of proteins you eat um so that by the end of the talk I hope people have a lot of information they can use right away that's great I'm thank you for sharing I it's so important to really talk about quality of the foods we eat as well and that's something that you know we're so passionate about it Mykel summit is really getting the science out there you know let's have like nada who's right who's wrong but let's talk about where the science has had it then what that is inclusive of and have a conversation that's you know includes everybody but let's really talk about quality of foods and and you know sort of set the record straight in terms of education around that so I'm really really excited about your talk that's gonna be going down in January just next month it's almost here so what what would you say I'm sure there may be some people watching that you know they suffer from depression or anxiety or have you know battled had a family member battle with mental health issues what would you say in terms of you know I know that your there are other psychiatrists that are starting to you know use food as a tool that that it can be but it's still sort of slow-moving what would you say to somebody who you know really wants to include food as that missing piece for them in their sort of battle with mental health yes so I think it's really important it depends whether you're taking medications or not so if you're not taking medications a lot of these things are things you can do just by learning about which food choices make sense you could read some of the articles that I have out there on Psychology Today they're all free articles or on my website or what watched my talk in January or other talks that are already available online this will be a new talk for a metabolic Health Summit by the way so you know educate yourself about learn what you need to know and make these healthy food choices if you're taking medication though it's a different story especially if you're going to try a little carbohydrate or ketogenic diet because the low carbon ketogenic diets can they what they have a really profound in a good way effect on your metabolism in this very quickly these are really healthy changes but if you're taking medications these metabolic changes inside the inside your body that happened when you get off the carbohydrates they can affect your medication levels and they can cause some side effects in some cases so depending on the medication so it's important for taking a medication you're going to change your diet especially for low carbon ketogenic diet you want to make sure you talk to whoever's prescribing your medication first and and and you know if if they're not and either get their support and they're okay or ask them if they would be willing to educate themselves a little bit more about it and work with you because it can be tricky to try to do that on your own mmm so I do have an article in Psychology Today that I wrote specifically for this purpose because so many psychiatrists even though they may be very interested don't have a with experience with ketogenic diets and medication adjustments so there's an article on Psychology Today I think it's just called ketogenic diets and psychiatric medications or something like that and that's free for everybody to read that gives you some guidance and can give your clinician some guidance as well and but but if you're not taking medication I there you know it's a lot more more straightforward and you don't look for a psychiatrist or a nutritionist or a primary care doctor who knows something about low carb diets or who is at least willing to learn about low carbohydrate diets um and if if the person you're working with this is not supportive you may want to change or add somebody onto your team who can who can you know provide some guidance for your or your the rest of your team so I do think will become easier and easier over time to find people who are who are on board yeah absolutely I think like you mentioned it's becoming more and more well-known that we really have to pay attention to what we're what we're putting in our bodies because you know we focus often so much on physical health but our mental health our minds are such an important part of the equation and how we choose to lead our lives every day makes it makes a pretty big difference so thank you for those resources I've actually read that article that you wrote on Psychology Today and it's a pretty incredible article I'll link it below in the comments section of interlac if people want to read more about that I think it's a wealth of knowledge they're on a low carbohydrate approach and if you are actually on medication currently but as dr. Reed mentioned it's so important to work alongside you're a physician throughout this process and you know really have a good conversation about the ketogenic diet low carb and be open and honest in that process because hopefully you'll wind up lucky and have somebody similar to dr. Eid who is open and really advocates you know making good lifestyle choices in the process you actually have some really incredible resources that are coming out here soon I know one you're working on a book which is really great and is so needed out there right now just to really talk about you know nutrition and mental health but you're also working on something with that diet doctor if you want to explain yes I don't think he would mind me mentioning this dr. ender isn't I felt and I are working together to create a low-carb mental health guide for his diet doctor website and it's just about finished so it should be going out soon I don't know I can't say exactly when but that's designed to be a comprehensive resource that will explain it will include the medication piece but it will explain why a low carbohydrate diet makes sense for the brain all the different ways that it helps brain chemistry and it will also summarize for each different diagnosis like ADHD and bipolar disorder depression it will summarize some of the research and extend and I've also shared some case examples from my clinical practice in this article so we want it to be a resource for the world so that clinicians and and people who are struggling with mental health issues around the world can begin to improve the nutrition of their brain and hopefully improve their mental health as well it's a it's a really logical place to start and this resource is as far as we can tell there isn't something like this yet available so it'll be the kind of the first of its kind and then the book will expand on on that hopefully spur kind of next year oh that's great yeah I can't even imagine how long it takes to get something out there so thank you for taking the time to put a book together because mental health affects so many people like I mentioned and I think that it takes people like yourself and you know we're really dedicated in the platform that we have with metabolic limit to get the message out about you know to openly talk about mental health issues more and to really provide people maybe with some tools that they can just do in their own kitchen which is a huge deal when you when you think about how we're currently sort of treating these issues as a whole and really talking about it too so thank you for all the incredible work that you're doing I'm so send for the book that's gonna be coming out and you'll definitely keep us in the loop on that sure as well as what you're doing with diet doctor that is on his website you've also got a great website diagnosis diet calm right yes and there's great resources there as well what's next for you I know you had mentioned to me that you're shifting to sort of working with people online yes so a lot of people have asked me you know can can they talk to me for an hour can they ask me some questions and I you know I had been working for a long time in college mental health and wasn't really set up to have a private practice of any kind for the recent years and so right now I'm taking some time away from college mental health to focus on hundred percent of my time on nutrition writing and speaking and and what I'm launching very soon is an online consultation service unfortunately can only be for residents of Massachusetts for malpractice reasons but that way people have questions about nutrition and mental health or or nutrition in general because I you know I know a lot about food that goes beyond mental health fortunately or unfortunately so people want to talk to me there will be a way to do that but for right now it will just be for Massachusetts but I'm really excited about that and hope that people will find that helpful absolutely so well thank you for all the great work you're doing thank you for joining us as a speaker in January its January 31st of February 3rd if you don't have tickets yet dr. Eve will be speaking there on mental health specifically and low carb lifestyles but at the same time as you mentioned really diving into some of the great information around quality of food as well which I find just fascinating so thank you for joining me today if anybody has questions you can definitely post we've actually got some pretty incredible comments here that we're getting from people just thanking you on what you own your work and what you speak about and the fact that it's coming to metabolic Health Summit and so many people here are also sharing how they feel so incredible afters one lady wrote went on antidepressants and depressants after 9/11 she was a flight attendant and had horrible side effects weight gain she feels so much eating Kido losing weight and medication-free another lady mortician yeah I mean this is crazy it's it's incredible to hear stories like this another lady here who's actually a dietician had is just thanking you in terms of bringing this topic of mental health to metabolic Health Summit and it's the newest application in her practice is focusing on diet so thank you for recommending the resources that you have out there in the world and thank you for your hard work in putting this on paper so so many of us can really dive into it and learn more because it's a topic that needs to be studied and thank her for doing the work that she's doing we need more dietitians and nutritionists who are on board with these with these principles i 100% agree yeah we've got some great dietician speaking at the conference we've got a great scientific poster session so you can kind of see even some of the research that's not published yet which is exciting so thank you dr. etes for taking this time out today and thank you all for joining us and watching this live if you felt sort of something resonated with you you want to share this to somebody who might be dealing with mental health issues please do please share this on Facebook so we can get a message out so thank you again and we'll be seeing you in January Thank You Victoria thanks a lot for inviting me you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahlynnbaxter5924 [13 likes]: WOW I wish this video got more views. smh. I reversed my anxiety, depression and infertility by adopting a ketogenic diet. Now I help women do the same. Thank you for this valuable information I am sharing this everywhere!!
  2. @MrDavidknigge [10 likes]: I look forward to the summit! I have already noticed big mental health changes on keto and now carnivore. Deep sleep, calmness, sheer happiness.
  3. @josephinebarbarino8165 [5 likes]: Great Interview by the Metabolic Health Summit!  I am very proud to announce that Dr Georia Ede will come to Bergün and give two talks on the impact of diet on mental health at the         1. International Keto Live Conference in Switzerland "Ketogenic Diet - Future Prevention and Treatment of NCD" from 10th -14th of June 2019. The Conference is CME certified with         17 AIM/MIG Credits for General Internal Medicine by the Swiss Society for General Internal Medicin SGAIM - for more information please go to www.keto-live.com
  4. @midwestribeye7820 [3 likes]: Raw feeding your canine family is THE BEST!  Dogs and wolves are still genetically the same.  You don't see wolves looking for their processed kibble or stalking corn fields.   They need raw meat and bones.
  5. @bdaina [2 likes]: Thank you Dr. Ede! My two sons and I have bipolar 2. We all suffer in spite of medications. I am on day 2 keto diet and I’m gonna monitor my moods and see if it helps. I’m so hopeful.
  6. @DarkMoonDroid [2 likes]: Just last week I asked the question for the first time:
Am I really dissociative or is it brain fog from the bottom of the cortisol/adrenaline/glucose/insulin roller coaster?
I wish I had found this when all I had was Complex PTSD and Hypothyroidism. 
But now I have Cancer. 
And my metabolism has finally spun down into a complete breakdown. 
I'm currently trying to stabilize my blood glucose levels so I can tolerate the Chemo and also push into an 8-9 mmol/L Ketone level so I can help weaken the cancer so it will die quicker. 
I'm getting zero to little support from Doctors and my Mother. They all believe the Conventional Dogma and trust the Corporate "Experts". Just that alone raises my stress levels too high for me to heal from all this b.s..


I wish all I had was a "Mental Illness"!
  7. @Lobster639 [1 likes]: What about cultures where their diet is based on carbs with every meal? As an Indian, we have carbs with almost every meal but don't have a higher burden of disease than other populations.
  8. @collagethings730 [1 likes]: That was a great talk, thanks to the both of you
  9. @CatCoalitionInc [1 likes]: I take medication for bi polar depression.  I would love to learn to eat properly and be able to get off every thing.  These meds cause massive weight gain. 😣
  10. @calmmite2231 [1 likes]: 🙏My Step Father Herman  W Kobbe’  use to tell  me that every Day when I was a  Child 50 Years ago ,  because of the way I ate   ,I while Liveing in  Jamaica 🇯🇲  People  will listen to  You  because You carry  A label  (psychiatrist👩‍⚕️) God Bless You 😇❤️💛💚🇯🇲
  11. @fedzonk3481: Georgia Ede such a lovely woman, absolutely wonderful so grateful to her
  12. @sandrastein7276: Where do people especially postmenopausal women get calcium if they can't eat dairy and how much do we really need?
  13. @bdaina: Thank you for your work!
  14. @berniecasey7592: Excellent Video-right on the mark with food vs. Medication to help you.
  15. @bobomonkey702: How old is Dr. Georgia Ede?
  16. @tvasthinag3701: I am half Greek  and most of my family ate Lentils(and a ton of those!!!)', POTATOES, seafood and some pork.  My grandma eats mostly Grains, Vegetables and fish a couple of times a week. She is fucking 80 now and kicking ass. It is a farce that 'X' causes mental disorders. I am a biochemist and there is no study to even correlate to what Dr. Ede claims in this talk. Trust me, if she does this in EU, she will be investigated for her claims.