- Advocating for a Therapeutic Ketogenic Diet | Miriam Kalamian EdM MS CNS | TEDxSedona: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you can't hide from cancer eventually it's gonna come calling if not for you personally then for someone you love your partner your parent or in the worst case scenario your child in 2004 it was my child Rafi was just four years old when we learned he had brain cancer inoperable size of an orange how could this be happening within a few days our little guy started 14 months of weekly chemotherapy no chance for a cure at best we might kick this down the road but it didn't work Rafi's tumor grew throughout the treatment that's when we learned that there was no consensus on what to do next so now instead of leaning on the expertise of the medical community we as parents had to reconcile the six different opinions we got from seven leading centers these range from a blunt let him go to the most aggressive and dangerous option multiple surgeries to remove as much of the tumor as possible we opted for the surgeries but the tumor came roaring back I can't begin to tell you how hard it was to stand by helpless and watch our precious child be taken apart piece by piece you can't begin to imagine the pain by the spring of 2007 we'd run out of treatment options the plan now was to begin palliative care chemo drugs that might prolong our son's life but at great cost hospitalizations infections transfusions to the oncologist this was the logical progression he didn't seem to understand that's not how we wanted to spend what time we had left with our son we were in full crisis mode I went online to research some chemo drugs and I'd bookmarked a page I wanted to print later when I went back to that site the drug info was and in its place was a press release out of dr. Thomas safe Reed's lab at Boston College dr. safe Reed and his team had shown that a ketogenic diet could slow the progression of an aggressive form of brain cancer his premise brain tumors use a lot of glucose to fuel their growth and a ketogenic diet could limit that availability there was even a brief mention of a prior study in children that certainly got my attention I'd never heard of a ketogenic diet so I emailed dr. Seyfried and soon I was totally immersed in learning all that I could I learned that a therapeutic ketogenic diet for cancer limits carbohydrates to about 5% of total calories mostly as non starchy vegetables nuts and seeds no room there for grains starches legumes or even most fruits and certainly no room for sugar protein is limited as well just enough to meet the body's needs that's in the neighborhood of about 10% so if 5 percent of your calories are coming from carbs and 10 percent from protein where are you getting that other 85% from fats and oils my guess that's about double what you take in now but let me be clear what I'm talking about here is a therapeutic ketogenic diet as an add-on or adjunct in cancer the goal is to is to inhibit the activities that allow cancer to thrive sensitize cancer cells to treatment and ramp up the internal housekeeping that rids the cells of rids dysfunctional cells but can you really live on a diet that's almost all fat of course you can some tissue like heart and muscle tissue actually prefers fats but here's the catch our brains can't use fats for energy so way back in our history this extraordinary adaptation made possible a third fuel option ketone bodies energy bits made from fat it's normal and natural to make ketones especially over night when our bodies are in a fasting state in ketosis tiny energy molecules are converted into ketone bodies these ketone bodies are readily taken up in the bloodstream and circulate throughout the body including the brain most normal cells act like tiny hybrid engines seamlessly shifting to the use of ketones when glucose is in short supply fortunately most cancer cells don't have that flexibility when fed ketones they suffer from the equivalent of self malnutrition and that slows down their rate of growth it makes them more vulnerable to anti-cancer therapies now ketones can can meet most of the brain's needs but not all you're still gonna need some glucose red blood cells need glucose too and here's where another amazing adaptation kicks in the waste product from burning fats is converted in the liver back into glucose yes we make our own glucose enough to nourish our healthy cells without over feeding cancer now most of what I just said most cell biologists can agree with most of what I just said where we tend to part ways is on the very important question of can this shift to ketosis actually slow down cancer doctor Safe Routes research pointed to yes but his subjects were mice where was the proof that a simple change in diet was going to benefit our son well doctors Seyfried shaved shared more about the the study and children that he referenced in the paper in the mid-1990s a doctoral candidate at Case Western University had conducted a simple eight-week trial she placed two children with high grade brain tumors on a ketogenic diet after eight weeks PET scan showed that the glucose uptake and the tumors of both children had dropped by over 20% and their caregivers reported improve quality of life as well that study and children had been conducted nearly a decade before dr. Safe Routes research so of course I had more questions how are these kids doing now and what did the researcher done with this information well I learned that at least one of the children was still alive beating the odds I also learned that after receiving her PhD the researcher had moved on no one else had shown any interest in taking this to the next level until dr. Seyfried picked up the reins another thing I learned that this high fat low carb ketogenic diet was not some fad diet like many of its detractors still claim in fact the diets been used as a treatment for epilepsy in children since the 1920s it didn't take me long to get on board with giving this a try after all what did we have to lose my next step was to talk to Rafi's pediatric oncologist he rolled his eyes and told me flat-out that the diet had no chance of working he even got his world-renowned buddy on the phone to tell me that the ketogenic diet was for fat people and we should stick to the plan what plan they had nothing to offer they had no medical or nutritional objection to the diet so why would I let these opinions stand in my way that doesn't mean I wasn't scared in fact I was terrified this was 2007 and no one wanted the liability of putting a child on this diet for cancer thankfully Rafi's local oncologist and his warm and wonderful pediatrician agreed to monitor him during a three-month trial of the diet would follow the same protocol as the kids for epilepsy so what did this diet look like well we traded Rocky's beloved pasta for spaghetti squash and zucchini strips we replaced his Sam just with sliced meat roll-ups we baked him delicious custards and keto muffins and we loaded up on healthy fats by adding butter and cream and coconut oil to just about every meal and thankfully Rafi really enjoyed a lot of keto foods like avocados and macadamia nuts at the end of three months Rafi had an MRI frankly our expectations were very low we were hoping to see any sign of a response instead we were blown away when we read the report Rafi's tumor had stopped growing it had shrunk back from the tumor margins and was smaller in all dimensions imagine for one moment how it felt to get that news of course we were going to continue with the diet but I knew I had to understand it better I begged a leading hito nutritionist for help and she agreed that 90-minute call woke up something inside me the need to go beyond what we already knew within a month I was enrolled in a graduate program in human nutrition a very conventional program laser focused on balanced diets but fortunately my quirky interest in the ketogenic diet had the wholehearted support of my senior professors by the spring of 2010 I had my degree in that entire three-year period Rafi's tumor was quiet and his quality of life was simply amazing we had kept the beast at bay soin skeptics demand the proof I say I lived with the proof and I'm here to tell you that our experience is no longer unique peer reviewed published papers on the key to supporting the use of the ketogenic diet in cancer are piling up and you don't need a clinical trial to begin a diet in fact if your doctor says diet doesn't matter you just got the green light to eat what you want so switch to a ketogenic diet or eat potato chips it's your choice keto is here to stay thankfully dr. SAF reads research caught the eye of dr. C Dominick D'Agostino at the University of South Florida there is no doubt that their collaboration has made waves that are reaching every Shore but we need more research in people to help us identify which cancers will respond best to this therapy and which may not respond at all we'll learn more about who's a good candidate for a ketogenic diet and we'll test various versions of the diet alongside conventional care we're getting closer every day to understanding which therapies including metabolic therapies like hyperbaric oxygen and drug therapies like metformin might be combined in ways that could provide better care and less toxicity be more effective I believe that we'll reach the tipping point in how we view and treat cancer through a grassroots movement similar to what happened in hiv/aids there the push that led to the first successful combination of drugs came not from the pharmaceutical trials but from a small and very dedicated and passionate group of researchers and doctors and everyday people whose lives were devastated by this disease their success is a shining example of the power we have as individuals why else would pharmaceutical companies urge you to talk to your doctor about their drugs targeted nutrition is on the horizon not just in cancer but in a variety of other diseases as well like obesity and diabetes and there's such potential for the use of kid geneq therapies in neurodegenerative diseases like Parkinson's and even in Alzheimer's where billions of dollars have been spent researching hundreds of drugs and not a single one can reverse the course of this disease the mechanics of a ketogenic diet are simple but we need experienced people to help people with cancer get get past that minefield of misinformation that pops up during any internet search people need to be part of a team and that team needs a keto nutritionist and if I had my way a life coach as well people thrive when they feel supported and in the midst of a health crisis like cancer no one should have to live with the fear and uncertainty of having to go it alone look at what a company called verda is doing their marketing their product a medically supervised ketogenic diet to corporations whose self insure I'm convinced that their model of reversing diabetes will soon get the recognition it deserves for providing better care at a lower cost while literally saving life and limb I'm waiting not very patiently for a similar model in cancer a mom who lost her son to cancer wrote to me recently about a new initiative funding research like most foundations the money would be spent on developing and testing pharmaceuticals she asked why aren't they spending more money upfront on researching causes and prevention rather than treating it once you get it and of course she's right preventing a disease is far better than trying to walk it back to be clear not all cancer can be prevented and to be honest we don't yet know what the best prevention diet will look like but I can tell you I can assure you this that the poor food environment and our misguided nutritional guidelines are a recipe for disaster for most of us it's like Russian let you load the gun close your eyes pull the trigger and hope that that chamber will be empty we need to change that grim picture not because not out of fear for what will happen if we don't but for the joy of living a full life and at the end of it zooming off the cliff engine roaring I started by telling you something you already knew you can't hide from cancer but you can be better prepared when it comes calling diet does matter yet its greatest potential is not in what we know today but in what we're poised to learn in the coming months and years our beautiful son died of his disease in 2013 just after his 13th birthday but brothy had lived an extraordinary eight and a half years past his diagnosis for six years the ketogenic diet had kicked the can down the road and for most of that time Rafi lived a full life spending his precious days doing what he loved with the people who loved today in sharing my son's story the bright light he brought to this world shines on that takes some of the pain out of my personal loss you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @CANCEREVOLUTIONdoc [6 likes]: Miriam is such a fantastic person. What a great talk on keto. Her book Keto for Cancer helped save my wife Maggie's life. So honored to be able to interview her in our documentary.
  2. @mikaelhagne8786 [4 likes]: Great speech, great work. i’m  in moderate ketosis since three month it all makes sense. 
I were diagnosed with high risk cancer 1 1/2 yrs ago. Last x-ray showed no tumors. I’ll get there! Thank you!
  3. @Kobe29261 [3 likes]: My sister has asthma - the lesson I learned from her experience is that the sick are like canaries - they reveal the hidden mechanics of our bodies.
What your sons life teaches us is that at some level mostly* non whole-fruit carbs are toxic to the body especially the brain. In 10 who knows 5 years we'll eat a lot less starchy carbohydrates than we do now. Thanks for your courage and be peaceful!
  4. @paulreesor8200 [1 likes]: Skip the plants and go straight carnivorous.  Seeds and nuts have bad fats that your body can't use,  fiber is for cow,  carbs feed bad gut bacteria so does fiber.. Radical but true.  I've got a different kind of cancer.
  5. @magicf7076 [1 likes]: Sure, only diet can he heal cancer … 👎
  6. @bruh-rr6pl [1 likes]: Your son is so beautiful! You are such an amazing mom!
  7. @truth23-gp7dk [1 likes]: Wow.... What a brave mom
  8. @WolfmanMack [1 likes]: I LOVE THIS WOMAN. THIS IS THE MOST VALUABLE INFO I HAVE SEEN ON KETO & CANCER. EVERY OTHER SITES ARE ONLY CLICK BAIT--THE OTHERS NO VALUE.
THIS WOMAN IS AN INSPIRATION WITH VALUABLE INFO WE NEED. LISTEN CAREFULLY. TIME HAS REVEALED HELP FROM CRUCIFEROUS VEGGIES, GROUND CAYENNE PEPPER, LYCOPENE, & GREEN TEA. LIKE THROWING EVERYTHING AT ONCE. NOT ONE THING. ALL AT ONCE. IT WORKS IF NO CHEATING ON KETO DIET.
  9. @mariaelenadieguez5211 [1 likes]: Thank you Miriam 🙏 you are so courageous, thank you for telling us the story of your beautiful and brave little boy 🩷 
Thank you for your work, your relentless work on getting the word out and being an advocate for us in the medical community. 
I have successfully finished 6 rounds of chemo!!! I feel very blessed and grateful for a new chance at life, and this includes the Leto diet and other alternative modalities that will strengthen and protect my body from any further damage or threat. 
There is so much we can do with the information we have already, the oncology community has to catch up!!! And the only way to do that is by more patients being better educated and speaking up! 
Again, thank you 😊 I feel encouraged after listening to this talk. 
May God continue to bless you always 🌷
  10. @9879SigmundS [1 likes]: Thank you.  It’s wonderful that your son’s legacy and your mission is so intertwined and so important.
  11. @geezusfreek1 [1 likes]: Also look at Dr William Li. Angiogenisis diet. It works well with Keto and provides a broader diet.
  12. @carolynapappas [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing your story and I'm so sorry for the loss of your son. I am looking into this diet for myself for a different condition.
  13. @dr.wezisunkutumd8745: Thank you for sharing your experience and sincere condolences on the loss of your son.
  14. @Barry-p3w: I just came across this video this morning. Started keto 1 week ago and thriving, so much energy and mentally switched on, i do lots of sports and hoping to do a triathlon, this woman is extraordinary and god bless her son.
  15. @paulreesor8200: Oncology is intentionally low effective and highly expensive and completely researched in the wrong direction.  They intently push aside and eliminate anything that people think can be safe and effective, especially not patentable and cheap.  They eliminate the sources and do not test to see it on effective or not.  The best prevention diet is like a lion or wild animals. Feast on saturated fats and animal protein and fast for different times and get plenty of sun and salt.
  16. @rashmiendenburg5115: Thank you !
  17. @RobAbdul: Wow, what an amazing journey. Ketosis Is here to stay.
  18. @giterdunpete: Brave Brave Brave
  19. @Intellectualcuriocity: Does keto help in autism  ,  my son is 5 years old and autistic
  20. @Photologistic: What kind of brain tumor did her son have?

- STOP! KETO IS AGING YOU? - Dr. Westman Reacts: Kind: captions Language: en keto is crap and will Aid you faster than smoking stop keto is aging you real hi Dr Eric Westman here with another Dr Westman reacts I've sent a video from uh keto with JT now I think JT's had success on a keto diet and is a influencer health coach let's see what he has to say I posted a video sharing my results from taking a collagen supplement every day for over a year and in that video there was some talk about the potential anti-aging effects of taking collagen like reducing wrinkles reducing joint pain stuff like that and someone commented on in the comments and I wanted to share that with you they said you wouldn't need collagen supplements if keto wasn't aging you so badly try a balanced diet like Mediterranean keto is crap and will Aid you faster than smoking okay welcome to kwjt I'm JT I'm a certified keto and intermittent fasting coach and today I want to talk about that comment and there's going to be two parts of this video the first part we're going to talk about in what circumstance could this person actually be right and the second part of this video we're going to talk about how this person might be right just not in the way they think they are okay let's start with part one keto is aging you now in what circumstance could that be true so if someone is following a version of Keto called Dirty keto and they're not getting adequate nutrition they're they're they're focusing on nutritionally poor Foods maybe relying too much on processed meats and processed cheeses and not being careful to eliminate industrial seed oils like vegetable oil and soybean oil and stuff like that from their diet again not getting enough nutrition there could be some potential effects that could resemble aging you more rapidly so let's stop right there I decided not to go and look for studies on that specific topic because if I ask you the question if I ask anybody the question regardless of diet whether it's Mediterranean or keto or carnivore or Whole30 or vegan or vegetarian or anything like that if you were to ask a question if you're not getting enough nutrition what would be the result right we we know this right we know if we're not getting adequate nutrition if we're malnourished then you're going to have some adverse effects and those effects could lead to premature aging okay so let's get to part two let's talk about why this person's comment might be true keto is aging you just not the way that they might think in order to do this let's I want to talk a little bit about my own experience then we're going to jump into some science then we'll come back a full circle and wrap this up first of all I want to let you know I've been doing keto for a little over four years I started back in June of 2018. for about a year and a half I did very strict nutritional keto when I say strict about 25 net carbs or less and I did not waver I should also tell you that the version of Keto that I've been following is called healthy keto it can also be referred to as clean keto where there is an emphasis on whole nutritionally dense foods since that time the last 3 three years or so I've been keto probably 80 to 90 percent of the time in a given year I do go off it every once in a while I am not necessarily so focused anymore on always having to be in ketosis but to give you an idea the majority of the time or the last four years I have been on a ketogenic or following a ketogenic lifestyle so that said one of the benefits that's that I wanted to share with you that was most unexpected one that I couldn't believe and I still have a hard time believing is that as a result in it this I started to notice this fairly early on actually um probably I don't know four months maybe uh just a few months into my keto journey I started to notice wow I actually feel better I feel younger I feel younger now than I did in my mid 40s so I'm 51 now if in case you're wondering so you know I hear this all the time that the reason people continue on a low carb keto diet after they've lost weight or fixed some metabolic problem like diabetes or PCOS or fatty liver the reason they continue on it is they feel so good they they feel younger they're doing more things less aches and pains that sort of thing so he's not alone and I was very interesting to just hear his story it's What I Hear in my office very frequently and let's see what he's learned so is keto aging me well it doesn't seem to be but you know that's just my experience and this person or anybody could say wow that's you're just saying that and you know what about how do you know all right well let's turn to the science so I want to share with you a few articles and a few studies that talk about this topic and we'll try to go fast the Gladstone institutes they're based in San Francisco there is an article they posted actually this is an older article back in 2012. they said the ketogenic diet could delay the effects of Aging such a diet could slow the aging process and may one day allow scientists to better treat them and prevent age-related diseases including heart disease Alzheimer's disease and many forms of cancer so I chose this study because this is you know 10 years ago but now we're seeing more and more studies more and more evidence showing that the ketogenic diet has actually successfully been used to treat a lot of these things that they're talking about moving on there was an article there's an article posted in 2018 from the perfect keto website and they say while not specific to ketosis the simply low carbon Whole Foods qualities of the ketogenic diet provide us with many benefits that can protect us from common conditions associated with poor diets such as heart disease diabetes and obesity getting older without these concerns removes the risk of dying from them which is obviously good for overall lifespan and the National Laboratory of medicine PubMed a ketogenic diet extends longevity and health Span in adult mice watch out for those my studies right the best I can tell there's one my mouse study that says low carb keto extends the lifespan and one says that it doesn't in mice so again it's going to be tough to just caution so we have to take that into consideration right be mindful of that here's a study found in Trends and cell biology Trends in cell biology is one of the leading review journals for molecular cell biology and there was a study entitled protecting the Aging genome ketones generated through a ketogenic diet can act as a acetyl CO acetyl coenzyme donors and could be efficacious as premature aging therapy and attenuate which means to reduce the consequences of normal brain aging moving on a study in the proceedings of National Academy of Sciences say that large-scale lifespan neuroimaging data sets show that functional communication between brain regions destabilizes with age okay so our brains don't communicate as well as we get older I think we all kind of understand that and they say it's typically starting in late 40s and that destabilization correlates with poor cognition and accelerates with insulin resistance so what is the ketogenic diet do IT addresses insulin resistance one of the most important things about a ketogenic diet is reducing insulin increasing insulin sensitivity and reducing insulin resistance they go on to say that targeted experiments show that this biomarker for brain aging is reliably modulated with consumption of different fuel sources modulated means that it is it is affected or it isn't it is uh changed in in some way and then it says glucose decreases and ketones increase the stability of brain networks right and I don't think they're saying that glucose is bad you need some you need some glucose right your body will actually make glucose as you need it I think that they're referencing insulin resistance which is too much glucose over a period of time they're not saying that glucose is bad so I found this study in aging cells so the Aging cell is a journal that focuses on by the topic of biological aging there was a study that said a high fat diet reverses metabolic disorders and premature aging by modulating insulin which we just talked about and igf-1 signaling in sir T6 knockout in mics another mild study but again showing that the the anti-aging benefits of Keto in the German Journal of sports medicine there was a study entitled turning back the clock of Aging so this starts with a number of Lifestyle factors and Pharma pharmacological interventions have been identified that modulate Downstream regulatory Pathways implicated in health span or lifespan the aims of this narrative saying that the purpose of this article or the purpose of this this study are to provide a perspective on selected biological Pathways involved in longevity and to discuss therapeutic avenues that have the potential to attenuate there's that word again attenuate reduce pre premature aging and age-related illnesses further on down in the study they say interestingly ketogenic diet seemed to largely phenocopy the biochemical signature of fasting activating similar molecular molecular Pathways associated with health span and Longevity so can you imagine based on what they're saying if you were doing both keto and intermittent fasting on how that could attenuate or reduce premature aging pretty incredible so let's go back to my own experience I mentioned earlier that I felt younger I feel younger now than I did when I was in my mid-40s I'm 51 as I mentioned so I've actually been thinking about this topic of Health span and lifespan you know the longevity a little bit you know before this person shared their comments so it's kind of a good timing right and in doing so I started following a guy by the name of Dr David Sinclair he's a researcher and and Harvard Professor he's been studying longevity for many many years so think upwards of 20 or 30 years and he talks about a how you can measure your biological age we have this thing called your chronological age or I like to say your calendar age how what is you know your calendar H how many birthdays you've had and also your biological age how old your body actually is how old the cells are he talks about a company called inside tracker they are spin-off from MIT or incubated through MIT and they have the ability you can go get your blood drawn send it to them they look at some biomarkers and they'll tell you what your biological age is so I've actually done that I did my blood work send it off to the lab or went to the lab did my blood work they sent me a report saying that my biological age is 43. so based on that it would seem that the ketogenic diet is actually aging me just not in the direction that this person thinks it's aging me in reverse very interesting I I don't know that um that what they're measuring in terms of the age that but um that would be interesting to see if that's replicated but in lots of different people's experiences and of course the the you want to pause on the mouse studies and and he did a great job of reviewing secondary sources meaning sources that reviewed other things not the primary data and there's a lot of theory still going on pointing toward the insulin resistance is the main bad actor in terms of aging and insulin resistance is reversed by a low carb keto diet but it's a leap of faith to say then that it will reduce aging so more studies need to be done I I have a published paper uh some years ago with Ron Rosedale who asked me to do a paper with insulin as the outcome and it turns out that people who live a long time centenarians have very low insulin levels which kind of goes together with the idea that there's less insulin resistance at low insulin levels go along with with lack of insulin resistance and while complicated the markers and and some biologic measures seem to point toward some anti-aging effects I would say the level of evidence isn't enough for me to say it's going to age or not age you but it's interesting to hear the kind of information that's generated so far so I would say there's not enough information to say it's going to Aid you or it's not going to Aid you and uh but thank you JT for keto with JT for reviewing those articles for us [Music] if you enjoyed this video be sure to like subscribe and hit the notification Bell and check out adapterlifeacademy.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @matthewrogowski8526 [2 likes]: I went paleo with a carb intake under 50g per day since 2006. With prolonged fasting biannually. I wasn't quite Keto due to the high meat intake, but I'm 52 and people mistake me for my 30s. After a year on paleo at 36, I looked younger than I did when I was 24.
  2. @Thomas-pq4ys [1 likes]: After a year and a half on keto, Igot hit with sudden onset vertigo. I went to the ER, got a CAT scan with dye, they said I'm good. They gave me a drug that took the edge off the vertigo, but the following day, I felt like a drank a bottle of whiskey, lethargic, massive headache. I'd rather deal with the vertigo.

My GP sent me to an ENT, who put into a vertigo torture chamber. That was horrible, but it determined my vertigo wasn't inner ear. 

From there I was sent to a neurologist, who sent me to get a MRI. I was told I'd had a mini stroke. That's not good. I just got a blood test, my total cholesterol is 242

I'm a vigorous 73.... I saw an acupuncturist who also does Chinese medicine, was given an herbal concoction that is working well at keeping the vertigo under control, but it does no eliminate it when doing the things that trigger it (grocery shopping is the worse).

I am able to work in the yard, and am getting back to the gym.

Now, I am confused about Keto. They tell me that if you have a mini stroke, you are suseptable to get another. I don't want to go there, ever.

I will be seeing another neurologist in a couple days, and I know they want me to take statins. I'm not thrilled about that either.

I was vegetarian/vegan, occassional meat, for 30 years... I went keto to lose weight... I'd never had a gut... and was digusted with it. Keto worked, and I felt more clear-headed.

Now some anti-vax folks I know are making me their poster child... saying "ah ha!" I don't want that kind of attention. 

So yeah... I'm confused.

Meanwhile... back to life.
  3. @iainbrathwaite1846 [1 likes]: I've only been following keto for about 6 months  but I've already lost 30 lbs, have lots more energy and am trim and feel better than I can remember
  4. @jakerusty123 [1 likes]: What’s important to know is that there are lots of fat cells in the face.  so when you lose body fat, you also lose fat in your face.  This can make you “look” aged as the fat in your face keeps your face looking plump and wrinkle free.  So yes if you were fat and lost weight it can make you appear older in your face.
  5. @Ezramiconian [1 likes]: In the future, they'll complain that keto is de-aging people and that it's wrong to look younger than the average person
  6. @GlennLazado78 [1 likes]: im 45 and ived been carnivore for year and i feel like 25 years old.
  7. @ligayaannawi4779 [1 likes]: I had been on keto for seven months before May 25 this year. It was good because I lost weight then on the 25th of May, I suffered a mild stroke. My blood works showed high cholesterol and showed the start of thrombosis and artherosclerosis. I am now back to being on omnivore diet that is on low fat but more on fiber and yes, controlled carbs.
  8. @JM-pv8vt: This doctor is 49
  9. @tbunny6305: it wont let me watch anything other than  a ad
  10. @lonecody: The person making this claim seems like a doofus leftist government agent.
  11. @samyouel4596: you know what ages you faster.... diabetes
  12. @lizhaydon2250: What is a certified coach?  Sounds made up to me.
  13. @iainbrathwaite1846: BTW, I'm 62
  14. @bradpitritsch6921: The only reason I'm alive at 73 yrs old is because of my adherence to keto/carnivore.  From diabetic to normal a1c, heart attack to surfing, obese to agile. These anti keto luddites are the enemy of the people.
  15. @roberto.peterson9917: I personally  feel that doctors  that resistant  to keto  or carnivore  diets  just don't people  to get healthy  and not need big Rx
  16. @Ryu_Shotokan: The only thing that ages you is time.
  17. @RandomStuff-HumpsYerMom: Quite the opposite, carbs and sugar will destroy your body... but you know lets listen to all the OBESE Westerners who "know better", smh
  18. @CliveGreen-lf7kz: I felt awful doing keto so now feell better I have a balance diet whole grains berries little meat lot of fruit and vegetables feell better Greek yogurt a must mice study hey 😢
  19. @richardjohnston6688: I'm sick of these people thinking you have to be on keto to loose weight. Look at athletes they look healthy young and grate skin. I lost 20 kg in three months. Eating a car diet. And look at that bloke saying he is 51 year's old I thought he was 60. I tell you what I'm 55 year old and look younger him. Look at him he looks under nourished and withering away like and old man with no muscle and weak.. Crap
  20. @Sabrina.LC17: That man looks terrible for 51.

- Ketogenic Diet for Dementia: Exploring the Connection to Brain Health: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Dr Lewis and let's talk about the interesting topic of using ketogenic diet to prevent or to even treat Dementia in particular Alzheimer's disease uh and maybe you heard about keto diet as a treatment for epilepsy but there's lots of Interest now in how to use keto diet for the treatment prevention of Dementia or treatment of dementia and Alzheimer's disease so let's look at what do we know okay why why would we even think about keto diet for dementia uh and it comes down to a few essential body functions so mitochondrial function uh improved insulin sensitivity weight loss and reduced inflammation uh and all of these are super important because they fit what we know about how dementia takes place and unfolds so it's like reducing those kind of root causes of dementia so first of all let's look at cognitive functions so there are several clinical studies uh which suggest that the ketogenic can improve cognitive function for people with mild cognitive impairment or with early stage Alzheimer's yay right so that's just using food uh and those improvements are for for example for memory attention executive function uh and the research is Young and of course we need more but that's like so hopeful that food and and can be helpful for dementia because it's such a painful and difficult condition for the individual and also for family and also gives us a clue if you want to prevent dementia this is something you can do right lower your carbon take another thing is reduction of amalo plaques right so as a major Hallmark of Alzheimer's disease uh is this accumul of these amalo plaques and because Ketone diet like you know ketogenic diet uh is good for the mitochondria and reduces oxidative stress somehow all of that together helps to get rid of some of those uh plugs also ketogenic diet can help our mitochondria mitochondria are the tiny little organel inside the cells which make energy and also they detoxify they take harmful things out uh and when we're on a keto diet which produces ketones um we're not running on glucose right and it's a cleaner energy source right so mitochondria don't have as much work let's clean up for the mitochondria uh and they can focus on other things right and because in dementia glucose metabolism is problematic uh switching to ketones can be a big relief for the brain and that comes with improved cognitive function right and anything really that reduces oxidative stress anything that reduces inflammation also can slow the progression of dementia right so we know inflammation is a significant contributor to dementia and we know that ketogenic diet can have an anti-inflammatory effect right so it also like you could do a really poor keto diet or like a good keto diet but the healthy reasonable keto diet will lower inflammation and that will slow down the progression of Dementia or other neurodegenerative diseases like dementia okay another reason to consider keto diet for dementia is that the keto diet is good for the gut microbiome right so we in general eat way too much sugar and carbs and that causes all kinds of disruptions and the wrong things growing the wrong parts of our Digest of track so if you switch to keto it balances all of that out right so the gut is happier and healthier and with a healthier gut you can see benefits for Alzheimer's and Dementia so it also may like help with better production of the good neurotransmitters you want you know Gaba um and if you reduce inflammation in the gut and in the body you reduce the inflammation in the brain ALS also there's this idea about high carb diets causing glycation uh of a protein called Apple lipoprotein e okay so this glycation basically messes with the ability of this uh protein to transport lipids to brain cells and that can damage the cells and cause cell death and keto diet improves all of this by lowering this glycation thing uh so especially for people who have the uh E4 variant of the appal lipoprotein e uh this might be like particularly important because that variant increases risk for dementia so what are some tips for considering ketogenic diet number one consult with a health care provider right especially if someone has dementia right it's a very vulnerable time right so it's important to have help a dietitian a medical person who can track uh Labs overall make sure it's reasonable right then you can monitor Ketone levels right by using these Ketone meters either in for the blood or urine right some way of tracking are you actually in ketosis um another thing to consider is to do the healthy version of Keto right with like clean fats you know olive oil and avocados rather than like really living on like conventional bacon the whole time right so Al having vegetables having like a reasonable diet overall another thing is very important to stay well hydrated and to maintain like reasonable electrolyte balance because the ketogenic diet can really like affect things and change things in the body so overall keto diet may offer like a totally new and gentler approach to protecting brain from cognitive decline and a non-medication non-toxic way of uh helping someone who already has early signs of dementia right it takes work it takes effort it takes thoughtfulness um but it's worth doing whatever is possible because dementia is such a difficult condition and so heartbreaking so for all of us you know can start now right to just eat less sugar like less kbby right so maybe not full-blown keto for most of us right but keto is or trending towards keto or just you know lower carb um and healthier overall and then for people with you know mild cognitive decline a trial a full keto diet for people with the Mana a trial a full keto diet makes sense based on what we understand about the me mechanisms or kind of the root causes contributing to dementia and what this way of eating can do to reverse those root causes

  Top Comments:
  1. @Y-Browsing [2 likes]: It would have been helpful to define Keto diet first, as I didn't know what it was. Thanks.
  2. @kenadams5504 [1 likes]: Keto can prevent the Alzheimers gene Apoe4 from being Expressed (manifesting symptoms) .
  3. @kodowdus: So the gut is healthier without "carbs"?  Maybe it's time to take a deeper dive into the world of carbohydrates...
  4. @konstantinosstavropoulos3605: good
  5. @Health-And-Diabetes: The word keto is a confusing thing. Some people think keto is eating meat and eggs. No plant-based foods at all.

- Fasting, Anti Ageing, Keto, and Longevity: Kind: captions Language: en Is it possible to reverse ageing? Well, some proponents of fasting say that it is. I’m making it my mission to eat in a way that gives me the most chance of staying younger, for longer. Most of us in the Western world eat far too much. We have at least three meals a day plus snacks in between. We drink sugary drinks and juice, we eat far too many processed foods, and don’t eat enough wholefoods such as fresh fruit and vegetables. Diabetes, obesity, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and some forms of cancer — the so called diseases of affluence — have become endemic. We are literally killing ourselves through our diet. But all is not lost. With a little bit of willpower, we all have the ability to fight the harmful effects of the Western diet. Fasting has become the new craze to combat our terrible lifestyle. And all the evidence suggests that we may just be onto something. First of all, how does our body deal with our normal diet? Well ordinarily, people eat lots of carbohydrate, some protein, and some fat. All three are important for health, but our bodies are equipped to use any one of them for energy if need be. Carbohydrate is the most efficient source of energy. It’s found in simple sugars, such as a cupcake or a piece of fruit, starchy foods like potatoes, grains, rice, and other vegetables. When we eat a meal containing carbohydrates, or protein, blood glucose levels rise, and the pancreas secretes insulin. Insulin is a hormone that stimulates the action of several enzymes. This allows for excess glucose in the blood to be converted to glycogen and stored in the liver and muscles. Once those limits are reached, excess glucose is converted and stored as fat. Our bodies are able to use our glycogen stores to regulate our blood glucose levels. If we keep eating all the time — as many of us do in the West — our bodies never have a chance to deplete our glycogen reserves. Some people argue that this is not a natural way of eating. Throughout history, humans have had to fight for their survival. We didn’t just have endless amounts of food sitting on our shelves and in our refrigerators — we had to go out and search or hunt for food, expending lots of energy in the process. It was natural to be hungry most of the time. When the body does use up all of its glycogen reserves, it goes into a state known as ketosis where the body starts burning stored fat for energy. It’s a very natural process. Research of late has shown that intentionally going into ketosis can actually be beneficial to the human body. Not only does it give the body a chance to use up some of its excess fat, it also potentially encourages cell regeneration. When the body isn’t focused on digestion (something that our bodies are almost always focused on in the West), it can instead focus its efforts on fixing itself — a process known as autophagy. Autophagy basically involves the controlled degradation and destruction of cells. Sounds awful, but it’s actually a natural process where the body gets rid of dysfunctional components. It’s thought that by intentionally going into a state of autophagy, we can allow our body to clean and repair itself. It’s a little bit counter-intuitive, but it’s a very natural survival process. Our bodies destroy some of the older cells, and when we finally do consume a food source, new, young, healthy cells are created to replace the old cells. Mice that are intentionally given a low-calorie diet have been shown to live up to 40% longer and get less tumours. So what’s the best way to achieve autophagy? To fast of course. To intentionally stop eating food. Intermittent fasting is where you stop eating for a certain number of hours in order to deplete your glycogen reserves and start using body fat as a fuel source. You basically want to encourage your body to cannibalise itself! Recent research shows that this is a very natural and healthy process. It has a regenerative effect on almost all parts of the body, and regeneration means anti-ageing. The unnatural habit that most of us have formed in recent years, is the endless indulgence in food. We never give our bodies a break. We get up in the morning and have some breakfast and fruit juice. We go to work and have morning tea with our caffè latte. 12:00 comes round and then we have lunch. Then comes afternoon tea, dinner, dessert, and maybe even a snack before bed. Our bodies are constantly digesting food and converting all that excess glucose into fat. That excess fat leads to insulin resistance, ultimately causing type-2 diabetes. It’s amazing that we let this happen! It’s kind of obvious when you think about it. Too much food is not good for us. So what’s the best way to fast? It probably depends on your own lifestyle and work schedule, but for me, I’ve decided to only eat once a day, three or four times a week. That is, on my fasting days, I eat my dinner at around 6:00pm, and then don’t eat again until 5:00pm the next day. Of course, you can drink water, or green tea, or other zero-calorie drinks throughout the day, but you just don’t consume any food. On the days that I’m not fasting, I still try to only consume two meals a day with my first meal at around lunch time. When I do eat, I make sure to eat as many wholefoods as possible, that is, fresh vegetables, fruit, etc. I don’t eat meat, but you could certainly eat unprocessed meat, as opposed to bacon, sausages, or whatever. You don’t have to start fasting with only one meal a day. If you’re already eating five times a day, try to cut down to four, then three, and so on. Do it in a way that is manageable in your life. But certainly, there is plenty of evidence out there that fasting is a great way to improve your health. Combine that with regular exercise (for example, walking every day), and eating mostly wholefoods, then you’ll be well on your way to living a longer and more vibrant life. I’m fast approaching 40, so the thought of ageing is in the back of my mind. I want to be active with my young children as they are growing up, so I think the best way to achieve this is to keep myself healthy and strong. So far, I feel pretty good while fasting. Of course, I get hungry, but I’m less tired than I used to be, and can walk a lot further and exercise a lot longer than in the past. If you decide that fasting is for you, and you want to take your health into your own hands, why not start today? Let me know how it all goes. Cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @modvs1 [1 likes]: Sun bear bile martinis- I will never die!
  2. @mikalrain [1 likes]: Do the SSS: Socialize + sleep + sports. Eat well + Minimize mental clutter/constant stress. 
You'll be a hundred, easy! 
My Aussie friend, how old are your kids?

- Low Carb Diet and Healthy Aging: Neuroscience Insights: Kind: captions Language: en um so uh the Hallmarks of Aging have been described for the Hallmarks came out as you see at the bottom 2013 The prominent Journal cell um the uh you know there's a lot of kind of debate about you know how to define aging I think it was more contentious but now there's this sort of these consensus features uh certainly will be revised over time with more details but so aging is found to involve increased genomic instability sort of shorter transcript lengths um and uh shortening actually of the genes there's some um loss of the proteostasis is a technical term for uh cellular function in the protein output of the cell so basically I'm sorry to interrupt you but we're still seeing the original title slide oh it's not doing events about it okay so right now is there advancing or no is there a movement yeah I'm on objectives if that's the slides you're on in your in your discussion that's what we're seeing did it go to Hallmarks of Aging yep now we're seeing that and I think you're probably gonna have to go to the left hand side and just click down okay yeah thank you um so sorry going back um so so now you see the Hallmarks of Aging so these are um you know from this paper there's a lot of sort of consensus about um these are um genomic instability loss of protein kind of stability or cell function as defined by protein output I mean there's some um decreased metabolism function of the cell um so um stem cells also reduced overall term exhaustion and changes in communication of between cells um and then important to point out that aging is not uh synonymous with one's chronological you know calendar age but these are considered you know biological aging to someone at a given age could have more of this going on then they would be considered you know sort of have advanced you know more than the normal aging process going on someone could have you know could be a centenarian you know and have relatively less aging compared to others so um this is sort of a biological level but what goes on in experts uh tend to want to call this uh not normal you know that that is that the goal would be to reduce this and then to live to you know live out one's life span 90 you know or however long it can be you know without these changes or with with less of these changes um so um sort of jumping from the cellular can I just oh that's one more time hopefully the last time did you all see um a moving slide to associations of muscle mass yes thank you okay um so so now in terms of clinical this is I want to sort of focus and make most of this talk about you know clinical uh relevance um is that um muscle mass and strength are some of the strongest um kind of really predictors of survival that are out there whereas you know diet is um is actually not as strong um but um but however I think that the diet certainly um one one feature of diet that's relevant is having adequate protein that also supports you know muscle mass lean lean muscle and strength um so but you know the bottom line is the you know the muscular strength um and what is it about having you know lean muscle or sorry lean body um you know really um it's complex and it's not you know just the fact that uh the person can move around better you know with with getting older um but it's also on a cellular level talking think about the Aging that there's less cellular aging when there's more muscle when the body can support more muscle that has to do with metabolism of this of the skeletal muscle that it can reduce um really a lot of inflammation people talk about it as being a sink a glucose sync glucose excessive glucose and insulin resistance um you know can accumulate with age and having more muscle goes against that or prevents uh excessive glucose toxicity and lipid reactive lipid species which goes along with too much glucose so so these you can just see in these plots that uh bog down but you see the one on the right is the biggest difference um this is um mortality being the the highest when there is low low muscle strength LMS where but low muscle mass also higher mortality so that the skewing to the negative so the darker is sort of you know you're someone who has less muscle less strength um the highest is to have both low muscle mass yes and and low muscle strength yes 2.66 for anyone who's inclined about the statistics of is the hazard ratio um so um something else is very important and tying back to diet is uh something called anabolic resistance of Aging this is sort of a Hallmark you know that goes along with one of those bullet points which is the [Music] dysregulated nutrient sensing mitochondrial dysfunction going along with that is anabolic resistance um so that's a fancy term you know what anabolism is uh you know building or growth of tissues in this case muscle um which uh basically that ability does go down with aging into the mitochondrial function and also reduction of hormone levels um so it can be counteracted through diet and that is um so I'll go into in a few slides uh certain essential fatty sorry essential amino acids um leucine isoleucine valine act as nutrient sensors I think particularly valine uh to stimulate muscle growth so when the when the muscle or the blood you know gets some protein some complete proteins such as egg or you know could be a supplement like whey protein or collagen um this or meat um or someone could be vegetarian or you know just have to be more kind of conscious to be vegetarian and get complete protein um into whatever source of protein stimulates the muscle to grow so this becomes very important with aging so here the the slide is on muscle loss with aging it is found to be about one percent muscle mass and two to three percent muscle strength on an average of various between people per year once you get past the age of optically past the age of 60 or 70. um so here's a you know paper that's pointing to recommendations um really evidence-based it was a review of the literature um that higher quantities of protein if anyone who thinks about grams maybe a lot of people don't think about grams um but this would be you know sort of um you'd get most of the way there with the you know four ounce you know steak or something straight here um to per meal to stimulate uh this muscle synthesis so um yeah so this is a biological schematic where um comparing young and old and this is focusing on on mitochondrial functions this is a mitochondrial cycle of um of oxidative metabolism um so most most metabolism is oxidative um so that's um aerobic um so using oxygen and um whether it's glucose or fat you know it goes to the cycle this function is decreased and not only decreased but uh there's a buildup of reactive oxygen species so oxidation um and that's because actually there's somewhat backwards flow because there's a decreased there's actually decreased uh uh level of difference of potential the potential difference is reduced therefore the the chain is not as robust and it can go backwards it sort of somewhat backfires that's what kind of leads to mitochondria or the main source of reaction reactive oxygen species in the body in this process it's detrimental sort of consumes the antioxidants and necessary cofactors which are reduced with aging and so what can be done so it's something that's shown or several things are shown but um overall increasing circadian rhythm um actually restores necessary cofactor and counteracts this uh oxidative Cascade or you know oxidation is sort of one of the main features of Aging so these are circadian transcription factors they're called like the transcription clock uh B mal1 and clock um and they're stimulated by um uh exercise and by uh sort of strengthening the Circadian rhythm so I want to leave it at that because everyone sort of heard about circadian rhythm has a sense you know the day night cycle um so I want to go into that on specific slides about you know what you know I mean yes you want to be awake during the day and asleep at night unless you're you know happen to be you know nocturnal or night shift or something um but you want to have that circadian rhythm um of um having good sleep which has a variety of functions uh for Conor MC aging including improving um you know oxidative function uh so so going back to I think this this presentation is sort of going back and forth a bit between the biology which is important to really um to understand you know um I guess the points about exercise and diet and then you know sort of what's what's clinically relevant so here is a picture of uh midsection of somebody um and there's a concept um as you many have heard uh visceral fats and this is particularly uh deleterious or unhealthy it's a feature it's almost synonymous with um and it's a feature of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance is sort of the core of metabolic syndrome so it's when um so you can't you can't totally tell just by looking at somebody uh because visceral fat is on the inside someone could actually be lean and there's a term for that thin on the outside and fat on the inside uh tofi which is not which is unhealthy um but certainly I mean having being overweight having too much adipose tissue overall it only increases sort of the chances or um there's a higher association with uh with a visceral effect um so um so so rather than certainly if someone could get you know various scans actually I do think it's worthwhile to get a DEX to the scan although it's not always available to aside from bone density is sort of the output of a dexa skin your primary care or other doctor you know orders that but um it also can measure lean mass and fat Mass so your lean mass is very important and so Trend that over time but if you don't do that it's okay um because uh you can get a sense of your metabolic Health you're talking about the insulin resistance uh from lipid a lipid panel is very important your blood pressure um and you know being at sort of a healthy weight for for you uh so here on the on the right you see triglycerides you want it sort of less than 80 in general and some variance on that but lower is better and you want your HDL to be high above 50 and those are the the two key parameters of a standard lipid panel and these are features of metabolic Health um where there's not excessive glycerides floating around which are a feature of insulin resistance and can be a problem if someone's eating too much sugar and carbs you know and they're not sort of metabolic healthy those are as you see the sort of the feature the definition of metabolic syndrome involves those things so yeah this is just uh so I want to kind of skip over this because I mentioned that um so there's obesity you can't tell if someone is technically obese you know by BMI doesn't mean that they're unhealthy metabolically um that's why um you'd have to have a scan like this is an MRI to show the visceral fat which means fat um around the organs particularly overall it is someone who has particular fat in the midsection the abdomen more likely has uh too much visceral fat um but um right but yeah BMI you know is essentially not not that meaningful for purposes of metabolic health so it's you have to be more fine-grained than that to really know um so one of the key things is um fatty liver as you may have heard that fatty liver um is a you know a feature of of metabolic syndrome or insulin resistance and that's particularly damaging because it reduces liver function and uh is um you know just sort of a very um very dispensable function the liver uh for clearing out um toxins and for for you know maintaining our metabolism so um it is found that um visceral fat is very much linked to dementia um this is again insulin resistance it's been termed um a form of diabetes it's Alzheimer's so the important thing is um so it's not to be too um you know just to call it you know form of diabetes isn't quite correct um but it is true that the vast majority of Alzheimer's you know one of one of the main or perhaps the main modifiable risk factor is insulin resistance um and um so here you can see um these bar graphs that um so someone with also this sorry these are groups of people on average with Alzheimer's have reduction of glucose uptake to the brain that's the future of insulin resistance and uh you know also reduce demand so there's reduced um metabolic activity in the brain um whereas actually if you give someone ketones um and this is you know done through a diet and um so someone builds up ketones in the brain um they're actually the reduction there's no significant reduction this is again the white bars Alzheimer's you know I mean it's there's a trend to reduction but it's um essentially the same as uh so-called healthy you know age match control group so so additional points are that um with aging there is increased fat oxidation and uh so this is really a problem that there's increased lipid related toxicity um so without getting into you know too much detail on the bio sort of pathway of lipid toxicity just just suffice to say that uh there's glucose toxicity and there's lipid toxicity and they often run together um in in neurodegenerative disease now focusing on Alzheimer's it is more direct I would say for Alzheimer's but it's very much relevant for every you know everybody getting past the age of 50. and uh in Parkinson's as well so um there's just another point that APO E4 is is a just a key thing for everybody that is um I mean increases the risk of dementia you know of um of really Alzheimer's type um and um just to say that um it's relevant because it is modifiable that is if someone does you know decide to get their APO E4 or you know blood type or Gene type from the blood cells um then um if you have someone has apoe4 apoe4 is a APO lipoprotein is a protein with uh with lipid is core and it it's um part of the the sort of LDL um in the HDL and it has a key function of being able to clear amyloid um the APO E4 becomes damaged by oxidative stress and that is the reason why it is increases the risk of Alzheimer's and that is because um there's um it really you know it's sort of on a cellular level there's build up of lipid um in the astrocytes and they're unable to clear the lipids um and eventually in the neurons as well um and so really if someone is apoe4 positive it's all the more reason that they need you know to to avoid dementia to have a very insulin sensitive metabolism which is um essentially um would be carbohydrate portioned so so smaller portions of carbs you know cutting out sugar and um having more healthy fats to replace those calories and that will reduce oxidative stress um so this is sort of sort of graphically you know what is the apoe4 it's these little blue things on the htl and LDL and it transfers the lipids um so lipids have to be transferred like this because they're not soluble in blood and this is what the Alzheimer's brain looks like um so it's not the Parkinson's brain but um I guess in some particular relevance because Alzheimer's is increased in Parkinson's it's not certainly not rare or I should say it's actually common in uh post-mortem exam someone with Parkinson's um that there is amyloid and there's more Alzheimer's say a control without us but anyways um you know this is Alzheimer's and um it does relate to um impaired clearance of of amyloid as well as a bunch of other things it's sort of not the focus of this but just to say that that's one thing that relates to diet and Metabolism insulin resistance and that is the apoe ability to remove the a beta so and you want to have more HDL one reason is that it um uh helps to remove amyloid from the brain just like a removes fat from all over the body and sort of keeps it running flowing better okay so now I want to talk about a very important topic it's really I don't think um it's really uh enough to talk about diet without really combined with exercise because uh you know a certain diet you know in terms of studies you know really doesn't matter as much however it's diet and exercise and if someone is exercising I really need to have adequate nutrients to support that so the thing about diet is sort of supporting the exercise process and so these are all these are images um you know either equipment this sorry this is simply uh from the internet to standing punching bag that I would recommend for anybody who's looking to think about relatively lower cost fitness equipment for aerobic and anaerobic exercise you know muscle strengthening um and here's some images pulled from um you know Parkinson's related research and exercise um there's a this is from Dr Petzinger at uh USC University South Carolina Southern California is very prominent researcher and exercise and has found that dopamine Transporters are elevated from exercise between the D2 receptors in the brain and this is uh related um but a more much more Global level to synaptic plasticity is a term for the ability for the brain to change its configuration with in synaptic plasticity is really the issue in Parkinson's Downstream of cellular loss and loss of dopamine so to counteract that plastic changes can rewire the brain such that overcoming mobility issues as is well known and just standard of care to have dance boxing these are particular forms of exercise that involve coordination balance and really the movement centers of the brain um so it's not just sort of mindless you know I mean nothing against let's say stationary bike or running and certainly there's there's some component of um of cognitive neural activity as well um but I'd say that doing some degree of um cognitively engaging tasks has the greatest utility for Parkinson's okay so this segues to the fact that uh very amazingly um simply exercising um to a level that most people can do which is speed walking on a treadmill and they went up um in intensity because you can you can go up to speed and also the incline to get your heart rate to 60 of Max around 120 piece per minute um so that was the program and here it's very very uh clear um the brain is so to speak lit up uh there's uptake uh demonstrated on um this is a pet scan so it's showing the radioactive tracer is remaining in the brain and showing up in warmer colors means there's higher concentration of this is a ketone acetoacetate so the brain actually makes ketones and metabolizes ketones from from exercise in this study had nothing to do with diet um so I guess linking in diet exercise and ketones which will be sort of the end of the talk um the ketogenic diet forms ketones um it can be just exercise it could be just diet or combining the two will have the greatest ketones and as I as I mentioned before in the previous slide Ketone uptake is relatively preserved in the brain so logically there's a it seems that there is a role for Ketone um therapy or you know or having Ketone metabolism in the brains of older individuals with insulin resistance um including Parkinson's and Alzheimer's uh so here's another point which is uh it shouldn't be just aerobic so um so again thinking about the treadmill or the stationary bike is a great you know relatively safe aerobic exercise for Parkinson's and there's some muscular component um but it's not enough to have the maximal gains of lean body that is muscle mass because it's you know it's isolated so if it's pedaling it's going to be on the quads a little bit the uh you know the hip girdle muscles in the legs but it's not the upper you know it's not the your core body um in terms of your abdomen and your your upper body um and it's not the axial kind of skeleton um so there are other exercises particularly here are demonstrated deadlifts if anyone has seen this equipment the trapezoid or it could be a barbell um and really um I don't want us to alarm anybody because I know you see something a picture of somebody weight lifting I think that's sort of not appropriate to for Parkinson's or something but um of course you know I mean first of all you know these are just general guidelines and I acknowledge of course that it's not safe or a right for for everybody um you know it could be too far Advanced you know Parkinson's or or aging you know to allow for weight lifting however many people would be surprised to learn that they could do dead lifts um you know they may not have the fancy equipment but barbell is relatively you know available in rec centers and gyms and you know barbell um at the appropriate weight um it's dead lift is like it sounds you pick it off the ground you put it back down uh more to get more you do reps where you don't put it all the way back on the ground you just get it to just hang you know dangling above the grounds using your muscles to keep it in the air um and this is um you know axial loading so it's uh putting pressure Force onto the bones and this is what stimulates bone synthesis and bone density that's a key issue particularly in older women with uh fractures um so so anyways Studies have shown in older women I think 70 was the mean age or 75 significant increase in bone density by doing deadlifts you know they were the study of course had an exercise trainer and that could always help that someone supervising and directing it but bottom line you know deadlift's a great exercise is you know relatively safe for most people and another one would be hanging from a bar you know or if someone's able to do you know pull-ups that's great too um and here's a picture or crunches actually it's not just crunching this guy uh is he's a Peter attia exercise longevity specialist doctor he's doing um with the heavy weights um you know kind of working his grip strength and uh upper body strength as well with the weights um okay so now going back to diet um I alluded to you know the essential amino acids these are leucine isolucine and valine all stimulate this key enzyme um for the branch chain amino acids uh for this key for fatty acids instances it's also they're also stimulate muscle uh repair and regeneration and um another point is that fatty acid oxidation so sort of having more you know low carb or fatty healthy fat diet um would it sort of enable increase aerobic exercise performance this has been demonstrated Elites you know athletes uh many of them favor like the ketogenic diet to perform so-called Ultra marathons talking about you know running 100 miles or whatnot or um or growing you know the English Channel or something um so so if you want Ultra performance but that does translate to you know just common you know level that increased performance of endurance can be from the higher fatty metabolism and this is uh healthy in the sense that it's uh insulin spirit so it keeps insulin very sensitive and uh able to function better okay so um so yeah I don't I don't really want to spend on this but um it is the case that the low carb diet increases fat oxidation you can see that demonstrated by the large increase these are two different diets so the low carb is with the um with the open circles and the high carbs and the triangles where it's not as uh there's not as much fat oxidation so this is to really be able to to have oxidative metabolism during exercise as increased carb diet which is what's needed for endurance um so leucine is the key for muscle synthesis uh cheese eggs meat fish yogurt excellent sources and various protein powders are as well so it's important to think about you know I mean protein um is complex there's 26 amino acids and uh so you have to sort of think about which ones uh have more of the key ones the essential amino acids so not all the same not all proteins are of equal quality um so you know it could be good to sort of meet with uh sort of a nutritional you know someone who knows but this is a you know things that um people can learn about on their own or read about sort of you know what foods have more essential amino acids could be sort of a Google question and then you can get sort of data like this from the United States Department of Agriculture and studied how much leucine is in these various Foods so think about Dairy meat fish eggs are great um and so here's um sort of um uh longevity expert just recommends uh proportioning protein mostly it's for breakfast and dinner um because those are the times around the overnight fast to stimulate muscle synthesis the most whereas lunge doesn't matter as much um I think um the interest of time I'm going to move quickly now and um so so there are certain diets that I don't want to to go into um because uh I think diet is something that is somewhat um individual you know I mean I don't think it's realistic for everybody to follow um so just just rush through the you know the details about something called a mind diet was found to reduce the incidence of dementia but um I think you know it's found that a Mediterranean diet you know from all cultures parts of the world where they um that were able to have ample seafood and uh you know good water for vegetables um so this is this is where the data is shown there's a blue Zone related to the Mediterranean areas where people live longer and healthier this is information that's very important so I would just say Mediterranean diet you know the Mind diet is very similar so yeah this I think you're getting two specific um these are you know certain types of foods that have a lot of micronutrients as well as protein um and there are such things as probiotics um so sorry I'm in prebiotics it's a little bit prebiotics means it's healthy for the microbiome you think about fermented foods and you know a lot of fiber in general foods with fiber um and um probiotics are actually that biotic so like yogurt or you can take probiotic supplement would be recommended and here um I just an idea is to take MCT it's medium chain triglyceride oil or it comes in a powder the powder is more palatable in general and it can dissolve in water the powder and this can sort of boost healthy fats that turn into ketones so um so two final points um the one is about sleep and this is um uh sort of you know idea that so as I said before the Circadian rhythm is key for counteracting um the loss of metabolic function with aging um and so what can be done to improve sleep well it's it's shown that again having more muscle mass lean muscle um and in a daily way sort of maintaining that I mean it's not like uh you can just sort of you know obtain lean mass from you know one exercise session or you know it's a sculpted process you know a lot of work um in sort of a daily function to me to first of all produce it and then to maintain it um sort of um it involves the Circadian rhythm and that is to say um mechanistically that muscle is a powerful uh kind of clock on the on the Circadian rhythm so it it sets the Circadian rhythm and that is if you exercise you your muscle um then the muscle secretes these uh circadian factors so this is going to improve sleep because the more awake you are at a very concentrated form like very awake during the say you exercise in the morning before breakfast then uh that's when you'll be awake that's when the muscles will be active activated to produce um you know awake circadian factor and then also their circadian factors for night time so there's both sides so the brain has to kind of dial down um so having circadian rhythm is really the best thing that's you know for that so just some some things you know in the literature is the idea of sleep efficiency so you want to have Consolidated sleep and not have you know it's not good to wake up a lot during the night so um chicane rhythm is is key for that avoiding sugar because sugar has been found to increase cortisol and uh you know kind of reduce um nighttime function or nighttime sleep factors so I would say particularly you know at bedtime to really get reduced or really just get rid of the routine of desserts um you know it could be for special occasions or there's things like sugar alcohols that aren't metabolized quite the same way as sugar for sweet for the sweet tooths Among Us but you know just getting fiber fiber slows down carb absorption um also is uh is beneficial to strengthen circadian rhythm and then you have to do things to increase your or to build muscle so it should be a daily sort of habit and then there are certain features associated with Sleep Quality such as sleep spindles and amplitude really large very Consolidated um brain function of slow way of sleep so actually I'm seeing that I've run pretty much to the end now and uh didn't get to a little study that we did um I think it's okay because um this was a pilot study I'll just cut to the chase about it which is that um people you know where we recruited from which is uh Bethesda Maryland we're happy to to try it it wasn't hard to recruit from our Parkinson's Clinic um and um and you know generally the the consensus was that they liked it it didn't mean that they wanted to keep doing it but maybe it's something now that they're familiar with that they'll do intermittently you know it's not a black or white thing um so so sort of what is a ketogenic diet in general it would be about 80 lipid um it'll be less than 10 carb to really have sustained ketones in your blood um and um yeah there's there's no Hazard of going from a normal diet it's a ketogenic diet and back and forth um and there's some people believe that just doing it intermittently can be healthy we don't have sort of Health Data this was just a three week study so it's not enough time to demonstrate Health outcomes uh we or our hypothesis was testing with people on a Mobility speed assessment called the timed up and go be faster on a ketogenic diet we found that that wasn't the case um but uh we found improvements in metabolic parameters um which was increased in HDL reduction of triglyceride reduction of the fasting level of insulin in the blood um this is very important you know it's a sort of long term if someone's able to achieve that to have uh improved um brain metabolic function and also um a reduction of the reactive oxidation species that are harmful and sort of promote dementia um so a lot of a lot of dementia Specialists or experts have come to say that ketogenic diet or doing some form you know it could be a supplement there are these sort of expensive um you can actually drink Ketone Ester and you know basically gives you ketones you know very high level of ketones for a period of time before they get metabolized um but it's not it's not economical for sort of thirty dollars for 30 ml of a drink um where about MCT you know is what we studied MCT is uh we used an oil uh formulation it was actually a prepared um ketocal um any formulation of MCT is relatively affordable someone could buy keto cow it's commercially available they have these drinks or mix it with food it's sort of like a coconut it's not coconut oil but it's sort of a creamy oil that's uh palatable some people just drink it it's fine so with that uh I'll conclude to give 10 minutes for questions um I mean these are sort of the points about our study there's no significant effect on Mobility but it was um satisfactory you know and um there wasn't a whole lot of there were no serious Adverse Events there's something called keto induction which I'm happy to answer if anyone has a question about um the keto induction there are some side effects from switching into Ketone they could be sort of like fasting you know going to fasting definitely has side effects um but um they tend to go away after a week or two and they you know in direct experience with these participants they're reduced by supplementing with uh having diet that has more minerals so one way is just have more sort of mixed nuts which are ketogenic they provide magnesium potassium that can be somewhat low when someone first starts on the ketogenic diet and then yeah so that's that's it I'll stop sharing now okay so we do have several questions and I want to start a little bit around the the concept of ketosis so first of all there was questions around you know plant-based versus keto the Mind diet and ketogenic they almost seem to be like complete Polar Opposites in some ways because the focus with the keto diet seems to be more around the the lipids the meats the you know so can you talk a little bit about that because with Parkinson's especially for people who's on you know carbide levodopa and they're taking it every few hours that's challenging so can you maybe address that and you know what are the benefits and differences between these these diets in terms of what people are trying to achieve in their their overall health and in anti-aging yeah I appreciate this question I think it's very important um that I think there's valid there's very valid criticism which I I agree I see the merits of the criticism of ketogenic diet as you know is this really a healthy diet for you know most people long term I mean there's certainly there are keto keto you know kind of advoc uh enthusiasts who have been on it for years um but so I think the the main thing is that um you know there are there are not there really are not data per se a ketogenic diet per se you know if you if you can formulate any ketogenic diet or so-called healthy ketogenic diet that it is unhealthy um because first of all there's historical evidence you know there are populations of people who are basically ketogenic for the most part their entire lives and when they were you know I mean these populations were existed this way these are like such as the Inuits or sort of Nomads dramatic tribe in Africa um so there's that and then there are you know people who've been on it for you know years and they're healthy in this they're studied and have you know very robust cardiovascular health Etc um so but but I think the key thing is that it's easy to have an unhealthy ketogenic diet there's nothing healthy per se about ketogenic diet it just you know one way to get energy you know and there's nothing evil per se about a carbohydrate um but there but I think that there is um very clear evidence that too much sugar is bad what does too much mean it simply means that the sugar is staying around in your blood which will happen more so on average for someone who's older um and it happens for some of those diabetes or pre-diabetes because they can't their insulin is not adequate insulin is is very powerful molecule it's it's it's crucial for survival because glucose being in the blood is toxic you know all the things about diabetes you may know causes microvascular damage these are Advanced glycation and products that damages um you know organs you know damages hearts and brain um so so it needs to be a way to clear the glucose now if you simply just had a diet that had involved less glucose and it seems like you know you're um you're um you know less likely to run into that problem um but so but so going back to the basics um of diet is that there there's no real data and I do not believe I think people generally don't believe that there needs to be you know a change let's say um for people to do ketogenic diet to be healthy um there may be certain advantage of ketogenic diet um into particularly you know we're talking about someone who is at risk for dementia you know high risk because they have free signs of it like some brain atrophy or they have cognitive impairment but not quite dementia um that you know ketones can provide greater energy Supply because there's already loss of glucose insulin glucose metabolism so so that that's a matter of research but you know actually in my clinical practice I I recommend it um when someone is receptive to it as sort of one add-on I'm not saying that it it's everything but that plus you know Sleep Quality you know having good quality sleep you know a separate thing but involving daily you know activity and exercise and muscle strengthening so all those things together um but as far as the other diets um so they're not exclusive so and someone it's been being studied by uh Wake Forest uh Suzanne Croft and colleagues of um a Mediterranean ketogenic diet so it's very easy to actually have a Mediterranean ketogenic diet you just lower the portions of carb um but um so that I'm just saying you know so they're not exclusive um I don't think that Mediterranean diet you know per se which is I think people have an idea of what that is um and or you know various other diets that are found to be used such as the Mind diet which is similar um are you know our inferior you know they're not ketogenic um but you know I think ketogenesis is a matter of research so it wasn't the core of my presentation today it's much more about getting adequate Protein that's the message um and um you know having some healthy food groups here a healthy types of foods um which you know is in in diet per se it's not the main thing is to have adequate energy Supply and to not cause metabolic syndrome you know which is a problem with a lot of comments about the importance of protein just in general health and muscle you know mass and and how that impacts our Aging in general I think the the the problem many people have is getting adequate protein while trying to work around their medication schedule oh yeah so yeah I was gonna I was gonna say that as well yeah that's another very important thing is that certainly it is very clear that protein if you eat protein and then you you take levodopa orally of course that's the way it's done these days um it's gonna interfere with the absorption in the gut of the levodopa that may not be a problem for someone who has less degree of severity of Parkinson's so it tends to be seen more of like a wearing off of levodopa in in sort of more advanced Parkinson's you know Parkinson's been around for you know five or ten years or more it is seen more often in older individuals so 70 or 80 versus you know 50 60. and um and that is that so yeah so that that is a key thing and sort of like there are two good things one is levodopa the other is protein so do you do you have to cut Corners you know with one of the other um there's a strategy which is as I said um breakfast and dinner are both very important to have more protein um and you can time the levodopa such that it's not um at the same time as those meals um so you can kind of kind of shift more of the protein to overnight you know to your dinner um and that's very good time for your body to have you know while you're sleeping it's also absorbing the protein and distributing it to the muscles Etc and so um in general people don't need to take a lot of or take any of the dopa overnight um so that could be one way and then in the future hopefully there will be more of um sort of subcutaneous subcutaneous delivery of levodopa is another solution um but yeah it's just sort of a medication uh limitation let's say I know that's a frustration for everyone and you know earlier in your talk you were talking a little bit about you know what's going on inside the body what's going on inside the brain the telomeres and all this and one of the things I think many of us have seen on social media is ads for all these adaptogens like different forms of adaptogens to kind of help mitigate some of these things do you have any insight into those are they for real are those things that are worthwhile for people to consider um as well as some of the things that you you've already talked about today yeah it's a I think there are certainly ongoing interests um I think it's not quite as established maybe because some of the adaptogens um have only been sort of rediscovered I mean some of them have been around let's say in ayurvedic medicine from the Hindu area um you know such as ashwagandha is sort of one of the more prominent ones um Indian ginseng in other words um so so there's a whole you know a variety of them but I think they haven't been studied um as well but there's certainly a lot of enthusiasm I would say um yes I'm you know personally very interested in um and sort of I would say at this point I'm exploring with my patients because I haven't had the data you know haven't personally you know developed enough data to really um to have a plan to recommend people um and I haven't seen you know I mean there are ashwagandha again is one of the better studied ones but that's one that's um you know seems very good and in in general the concept of um adaptogens you know it seems yes that this is sort of uh to take it from good to like excellent you know diets to have not only a healthy Mediterranean diet um but also you know the proper micronutrients you know and everything that's known or not just proper for seeing as young but to kind of counteract you know the aging process um and so I would say um that however you know not some people may be worrying you know you know maybe about about you know what to take I would say you get most of your benefit by eating you know healthy foods you know of course many micronutrients are in Foods um and then supplements will vary between people real quick because not a lot of time people have to leave um I would say omega-3 is you know very important you want to talk about you know proper lipids healthy lipids and membrane fluidity you know that has clinical you know applications or you know cardiovascular health but also for mood and the Brain um so I would say in in sleep actually um so getting like you know a few at least a gram or more of the specific Omega-3s the EPA especially and also the DHA and uh vitamin D seems very important supplements because people aren't getting enough sunlight unless you're outside uh well I don't know in the southwest U.S be careful but if someone can get adequate sunlight but most people don't so vitamin D is good um and then um I would say there's certain ones such as like myo inositol or inositol um is um you know also very helpful for kind of nervous system is key for nervous system repair um and then you know all the the B vitamins but like particularly methylated forms methyl folate and methyl B12 um are sort of very important for the nervous system um so I mean those are you know they're micronutrients they're vitamins cofactors um or maybe even coenzyme Q10 for the mitochondria um but um yeah but I I'm just mentioning them because I do believe that they're important but I don't know you know like I recommended for this person because they have more cardiovascular issues or you know so this is something that I think um the medicine Western medicine traditionally you know sort of you know didn't go into it as much and there is a branch of research the government has the ODS office of dietary whatever the S stands for but um you know but it's um there's not as much money in it so it's there's not as much research generated with nutrition in general well and I know there's a lot more interest in it nowadays and I'm glad that it's starting to get a little more interesting a little more focused and research so thank you for sharing this information I apologize I got kicked out of Zoom for a minute um and I'm back on my phone um but I I apologize and I appreciate uh those who maybe have filled in um continue to ask the questions and and you continuing to talk while I was absent but I want to thank you Dr toy and um I I know that it's a lot of information that you didn't get to cover but it was very helpful and interesting and so we have a tradition at PMG Alliance um where we like to thank our Speakers by giving the wave of gratitude so for those of you and I can't see everybody right now because I'm on my phone but if you are online still and have their camera on or can turn their camera on if you would give the wave of thanks to Dr Choi and just thank him so much for joining us today I hope you can see everybody and thank you and I appreciate everybody joining us and we will all see you very soon thanks to all thank you

- Can the Ketogenic Diet Reverse Biological Aging? A Game-Changer in Longevity Research: Kind: captions Language: en Aging is an inevitable part of life. But what if there was a way to slow it down or even reverse it? While we may not be able to stop the passage of time, emerging research suggests that we might be able to reduce the effects of aging at a cellular level. A new study out of Spain has explored the potential of the very lowc calorie ketogenic diet, the LCKD, as a way to not only lower biological age, but potentially reverse it. This discovery offers a fascinating glimpse into how nutrition might play a pivotal role in the way we age and could be a gamecher in our approach to longevity. Biological age, unlike chronological age, refers to how old your body's cells, tissues, and organ systems are based on various factors including genetics, lifestyle, and environmental influences. A lower biological age is associated with a reduced risk of age- related diseases, improved longevity, and a better quality of life. Until recently, the idea that we could actually reverse biological aging seemed like a distant fantasy. However, this new research suggests that it might be possible to slow down or even reverse some of the effects of aging through dietary choices, particularly through the use of a ketogenic diet. For context, the ketogenic diet or keto diet has been popularized for its weight loss benefits. It is a low carb, high-fat diet that puts the body into a state of ketosis where it burns fat for energy instead of carbohydrates. This dietary approach has been widely debated and is considered controversial by some, particularly because it involves the restriction of entire food groups and may cause side effects like a rise in LDL cholesterol, dehydration, and fatigue. However, this new study offers a more promising perspective on the ketogenic diet, especially when it comes to its effects on aging. In this particular study, researchers tracked 54 participants divided into groups based on weight and adherence to a very lowc calorie ketogenic diet, VLCKD, for 6 months. The results were striking. Participants who adhered to the VLCKD regimen showed significant improvements in their biological age with those in the obesity group seeing their biological age decrease by an average of 6.2 years compared to their actual age. In contrast, people who did not follow the keto diet and had obesity saw their biological age increase by an average of 4.4 years compared to their chronological age. Even more encouraging, participants who followed the ketogenic diet also showed marked improvements in glucose and insulin levels, which are vital for metabolic health. What is particularly exciting about these results is that they suggest a potential link between nutritional ketosis and the reversal of biological aging, especially in individuals with obesity. This is groundbreaking because until now other weight loss interventions, including beriatric surgery, had not demonstrated such profound effects on biological age. The study indicates that the process of ketosis may help decelerate aging at the cellular level, possibly through the production of beta hydroxybutyrate, a ketone that plays a role in regulating metabolic processes and aging. This study is an important step forward in our understanding of how diet and lifestyle choices can impact our biological age. It highlights the power of nutritional strategies, particularly those involving ketosis, to counteract some of the negative effects of obesity on aging. As researchers continue to explore this connection, we may see more personalized approaches to aging and longevity with nutrition playing a key role in the way we manage our health as we get older. However, as with any intervention, there are potential risks and challenges to consider. While the ketogenic diet has shown promising benefits for reducing fat, improving metabolic health, and possibly reversing biological aging, it is not without its concerns. The diet is restrictive and may lead to deficiencies in vital nutrients like vitamins, minerals, and fiber. Adherence of the diet may also experience side effects such as fatigue, nausea, dehydration, and an increase in LDL cholesterol, which can increase the risk of cardiovascular issues. There are also concerns about bone density loss and the difficulty of maintaining such a restrictive eating plan over the long term. As Dr. Dr. Tiffany Marie Hendris, an expert in family and lifestyle medicine, notes, the LCKD diets can also pose risks such as electrolyte imbalances or keto acidosis if not properly monitored, especially in vulnerable populations like the elderly or those with pre-existing health conditions. Despite these risks, the findings from this study suggest that a very lowc calorie ketogenic diet, when done under proper supervision and monitoring, may offer significant benefits in terms of slowing down biological aging and improving metabolic health. This could represent a valuable tool for those seeking to improve their overall health and longevity, particularly those struggling with obesity or related health conditions. What makes this research particularly exciting is its potential to reshape the way we think about aging. Instead of viewing aging as an inevitable and irreversible process, we might begin to see it as something that can be actively managed through informed lifestyle choices. The idea that we can reverse biological aging through diet combined with other healthpromoting habits could lead to a future where people not only live longer but also enjoy better health and vitality as they age. Ultimately, this research opens the door to new possibilities for how we approach aging and longevity. While it is still early days and more research is needed, the findings suggest that nutritional strategies, particularly the ketogenic diet, could play an important role in managing biological age. As the science evolves, we may see more personalized health plans that incorporate these findings, allowing individuals to tailor their diets and lifestyles to promote healthier aging. With further studies, we could also develop safer and more sustainable ways to implement the ketogenic diet, reducing the risks while maximizing the benefits for long-term health. As our understanding of the relationship between diet and aging deepens, it's clear that the choices we make about what we eat could have profound effects on how we age, not just in terms of our appearance, but in the health of our cells and organs as well. The idea that we can influence our biological age through nutrition is a powerful concept, one that could have lasting impacts on the future of health care and aging. It's an exciting time for those interested in the science of longevity. And this study represents just the beginning of what may be a transformative era in our understanding of how to age more healthfully and gracefully.

- REVERSE AGING NATURALLY: 8 BEST ZERO-CARB, ZERO-SUGAR SUPERFOODS FOR SENIORS | DR. PETER ATTIA GUIDE: Kind: captions Language: en When it comes to longevity, one of the most overlooked yet absolutely critical pillars is muscle mass. Not just for strength or appearance, but for survival, as I often say, is the organ of longevity. The data around this is compelling. Low muscle mass is associated with increased risk of falls, fractures, metabolic disease, and even all cuz mortality. After age 40, most people begin to lose 1% or more of their muscle mass per year if nothing is done to prevent it. By the time someone is 70, this can become debilitating. But the good news is this process is not inevitable. We can slow it. We can even reverse it to a degree. And one of the most effective tools we have is protein. But not just any protein. For aging adults, quality matters. You need complete proteins. Those containing all nine essential amino acids, particularly leucine, which acts as a trigger for muscle protein synthesis. CMPS. Leucine thresholds increase with age. What worked at 25 doesn't work at 65. Seniors need more protein, not less, and they need to consume it consistently across the day. Ideally, 30 to 40 grams per meal, depending on body weight. Zero carb, zero sugar superfoods come into play. Foods like grass-fed beef, wild caught salmon, pasture-raised eggs, and skinless chicken thighs are some of the most efficient ways to hit that protein target without spiking insulin or blood sugar. They're not just high in protein. Chin 8. They're rich in bioavailable nutrients that are difficult to get from plant sources. Iron, zinc, B12, creatine, carnitine, all critical for maintaining energy, metabolism, and muscle function. Now, some people might worry about cholesterol or saturated fat in these foods. But the clinical data when viewed through the lens of metabolic health suggests that in a low carb context, these fats are far less concerning than once thought, especially if insulin levels are well controlled. In fact, adequate dietary fat is essential for hormone production, especially testosterone and estrogen, both of which impact muscle maintenance in older adults. Another key point protein without resistance training isn't enough. You need both the raw materials and the signal. That means incorporating strength training, even body weight movements or resistance bands, at least two to three times per week, but without adequate protein. You're trying to build a house without bricks. Seniors often under consume protein due to appetite loss, dental issues, or outdated fears about kidney function, most of which are unfounded in healthy individuals. Now supports higher protein intakes up to 1.6 to 2.2 g per kilogram of body weight, especially for those actively trying to preserve lean mass. So fortunate, when we talk about reversing aging, we're not talking about stopping the clock. We're talking about holding on to function, to mobility, to independence, to dignity. Muscle is at the center of that equation. Highquality zero carb, zero sugar superfoods are one of the most powerful tools we have to keep it. If there's one variable that consistently appears across nearly every chronic disease of aging, insulin resistance. This single condition is at the heart of metabolic dysfunction and accelerates the path toward type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's, and even certain cancers. It's not just about blood sugar. It's about the body's impaired ability to respond to insulin, which results in persistently elevated levels of both glucose and insulin over time. That chronic elevation is what fuels inflammation, damages blood vessels, disrupts hormone signaling, and impairs mitochondrial function. In simpler terms, if you want to age faster, stay insulin resistant. But if you want to slow down the aging process, especially as a senior, you need to improve insulin sensitivity. And one of the most effective ways to do that is by removing dietary sugar and excess carbohydrates from your diet. The typical western diet is a metabolic landmine loaded with processed sugars, refined starches, and hidden carbohydrates that quietly spike glucose and insulin throughout the day. For seniors who are already more vulnerable to glucose dysregulation due to muscle loss and decreased mitochondrial efficiency, this is especially dangerous. Every blood sugar spike is not just a metabolic burden. It's a signal accelerating cellular aging. Zero carb, zero sugar superfoods like sardines, mackerel, wild caught, salmon, pasture-raised eggs, fed liver offer a powerful solution. These foods don't just avoid raising insulin. They actually support the mechanisms that improve insulin sensitivity. For instance, omega-3 fatty acids found in fatty fish like mackerel and sardines have been shown to reduce inflammation and enhance insulin receptor function organ meats such as liver, B vitamins, especially B12, ribboflavin, and folate. All of which are essential co-actors in metabolic pathways related to glucose and fat metabolism. In contrast to the high carb, low-fat dogma of the past, a properly formulated low carb diet focused on nutrient-dense animal products can dramatically reduce fasting insulin and stabilize postprandial glucose levels. In clinical settings, we see we see this all the time. Patients who adopt a low or carb nutritional approach often experience improved a lunch, lower fasting insulin, HDL ratios. All markers associated with lower cardiovascular risk and improved metabolic flexibility. Importantly, these zero carb superfoods provide satiety. When you eat a rabbi steak or a portion of grilled sardines, you're not just feeding your body, you're sending strong hormonal signals of fullness via leptin and peptide. This reduces snacking and curbs cravings, which further reduces the glucose insulin roller coaster. It's a positive feedback loop. Lower glucose to lower insulin, get fewer cravings, better metabolic health. There's also a cognitive benefit to avoiding sugar and refined carbs. Seniors who reduce sugar intake and rely on protein and fat for fuel often report more stable energy, crashes, and better mental clarity. That's no surprise. The brain thrives on metabolic consistency. At the end of the day, reversing aging starts with stabilizing metabolism. And metabolism begins with how your body handles glucose. eliminate the hidden drivers of insulin resistance and you take one of the most important steps toward a longer healthier life. One of the most underappreciated aspects of aging is the steady decline of mitochondrial function. Mitochondria are the power plants of our cells, the structures responsible for producing the energy that fuels everything from movement to cognition to cellular repair. As we age, these mitochondria not only become less efficient but also more prone to producing reactive oxygen species or free radicals that can damage DNA, proteins, and lipids. In fact, mitochondrial dysfunction is considered a hallmark of aging and improving mitochondrial health is a direct way to slow down and in some cases partially reverse age related decline. Nutrition plays a central role here. Specifically, the type of fat we consume in the absence of sugar can dramatically influence mitochondrial health. Unlike glucose causes fluctuations in energy levels and insulin signaling dietary fats from quality animal sources offer a more stable and efficient fuel source for mitochondria toward a low carb or zerocarb. The body transitions into a state of increased fat oxidation. This promotes the use of fatty acids and ketones as primary fuel are cleaner burning compared to glucose. Ketones, particularly beta hydroxybutyrate, not only fuel the brain efficiently but also act as signaling molecules that promote mitochondrial biogenesis, the creation of new healthy mitochondria. Certain zero carb superfoods are so powerful. For example, egg yolks are rich in choline and DHA, both of which are essential for mitochondrial membrane integrity and brain health. Supports acetylcholine synthesis, a neurotransmitter vital for memory and cognition. And it also contributes to lipid metabolism at the mitochondrial level. Similarly, salmon row, while often overlooked, is a dense source of longchain omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin A, and phospholipids that nourish the nervous system and mitochondria directly. Then there's beef liver, which is essentially nature's multivitamin. Fortunate 10, a critical co-enzyme in the electron transport chain, the final step of energy production inside mitochondria. As we age, our natural production of Coten declines, but dietary sources can help support that pathway. Liver also contains high levels of iron, B vitamins, and carnitine, all of which assist in mitochondrial energy generation. Often asked whether all fats are equal when following a low carb lifestyle. The answer is no. Seed oils and processed fats are high in omega6 lenolic acid, which can impair mitochondrial function and contribute to oxidative stress. In contrast, the fats found in natural sources like grass-fed butter, ghee, any cuts of wild caught fish are more supportive of the body's energy systems by focusing on mitochondrial health. We're going beyond surface level anti-aging and targeting the root of cellular vitality. The ability to generate energy efficiently with minimal oxidative damage underpins everything from brain function to physical endurance. And that's what aging well truly means. Not just living longer, but maintaining the energy to live fully. It starts with giving your mitochondria the right fuel. And that fuel comes from the fats in nature's most nutrient-dense zerocarb foods. As we age, one of the most subtle but dangerous shifts that occurs is a reduction in appetite. What's sometimes referred to as the nurexia of aging. Seniors often eat fewer calories, not by design, but because hunger signals diminish, chewing and digestion become more difficult, or meals simply become less appealing. On the surface, this may seem like a minor issue, especially for individuals who are less active. But when nutrient intake declines while the body's need for repair, regeneration, and maintenance increases, it sets the stage for nutritional deficiencies, impaired immunity, and accelerated aging. The truth is, as we age, we need more nutrition per calorie, not less. The paradox is that while calorie requirements often decline slightly with age, nutrient requirements actually go up. That's why focusing on nutrient density is absolutely critical, especially when following a zero carb, zero sugar dietary approach. Nutrient-dense foods provide maximum vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and essential fats with minimal caloric load and zero metabolic disruption. In other words, they deliver more value per bite, which is exactly what aging bodies need. This is where certain zero carb superfoods really shine. foods like grass-fed beef, liver, oysters, sardines. Raised eggs are not only low in carbohydrates and sugarf free. But they're also densely packed with micronutrients that are difficult, if not impossible, to obtain from less concentrated sources. Just a few ounces of liver provide well over 100% of your daily needs for vitamin A, B12, ribboflavin, copper, and iron. Osters, and sardines are rich in zinc, selenium, calcium, vitamin D, all of which play crucial roles in immune function, thyroid health, bone density, and DNA repair. Seniors also need higher levels of certain nutrients due to absorption challenges. For instance, acid production tends to decrease with age, which impairs the absorption of B12, iron, and calcium. That makes food quality even more important because you need to ensure the form and bioavailability of nutrients are high enough to actually be absorbed and utilized. Real whole animal-based foods provide these nutrients in their most usable forms, unlike many plant-based alternatives or fortified foods that rely on synthetic or poorly absorbed versions. Fortunately, it's also important to note that relying on processed low carb products or meal replacements, even if they're technically or zero sugar, often fails to deliver the micronutrient profile needed to sustain long-term health. You might meet your macros, but you miss the actual point. Nourishing your body at the cellular level. A zero carb lifestyle isn't just about what you remove, sugar, starch, cheap, processed junk. It's about what you replace it with. The goal isn't to eat less. It's to eat smarter. Every bite needs to work for you, especially as you age. The key takeaway is simple. Aging bodies require precision nutrition. That means fewer empty calories, more nutrient-dense foods, and a deliberate focus on quality over quantity. By building meals around superfoods that pack the most nutritional punch per calorie, seniors can maintain resilience, energy, and cellular integrity. Even as appetite naturally declines, one of the most silent and destructive forces in the aging process is glycation. The non-ending of sugar molecules to proteins, lipids, and this isn't just a biochemical curiosity. It has real world consequences. Glycation contributes directly to the stiffening of blood vessels, degradation of collagen in skin and joints and even the development of advanced glycation end products or AES which accumulate in tissues and accelerate aging at the cellular level. The process is driven by excess glucose circulating in the bloodstream which is why consistently high blood sugar even within what's traditionally considered the normal range can become a problem over time for seniors whose cells are already more vulnerable to oxidative damage the impact of glycation becomes even more pronounced. Most people associate sugar intake with weight gain or diabetes, but very few understand the deeper long-term consequences that happen quietly. The kind that reduce elasticity in the skin make tendons more brittle, impair arterial flexibility and compromise organ function. You don't feel glycation happening. It doesn't hurt, but it leaves a molecular fingerprint that accumulates and accelerates your biological clock. The good news is that it's largely preventable through diet, specifically by minimizing or eliminating refined carbohydrates and sugars that drive spikes in blood glucose and insulin. Zero carb sugar superfoods naturally avoid the glycemic burden that causes glycation. When you build your diet around animal-based proteins and fats like collagen, rich bone broth, slowcooked short ribs on wild salmon, you not only protect yourself from glucose, induce damage, but also begin to replenish and support the very tissues that glycation weakens. Collagen in particular is an essential structural protein found in skin, joints, tendons, and connective tissue. It declines with age, and its degradation is accelerated by both glycation and inflammation. Including natural sources of collagen in your diet help support tissue regeneration and structural integrity, especially in areas like the joints and skin where aging becomes most visible and most debilitating. There's also a downstream benefit here that often gets overlooked. Chronic inflammation, the low-grade kind that persists for years is intimately connected with glycation and poor metabolic control. Inflammatory cytoines damage tissues, impair immune function, and interfere with cellular signaling. Zerocarb nutrient-dense animal foods help calm this inflammatory state. They remove the glucose spikes that drive oxidative stress and provide nutrients like glycine, omega-3 fatty acids, zinc, and vitamin A that actively support anti-inflammatory pathways. To be clear, removing sugar and refined carbs doesn't mean a life of bland, restrictive eating. It means choosing foods that do more and damage less. Aging well isn't about avoiding death. It's about preserving function. Glycation and inflammation are the enemies of function. They rob you of mobility, skin elasticity, cognitive sharpness, and cardiovascular health, all slowly and quietly. But when you target these processes through strategic nutrition, you don't just feel better. You extend your body's ability to perform, not just survive. And in the context of longevity, performance is everything. In conversations around longevity and optimal aging, supplements often come up early and frequently. Good reason. There's growing research supporting the role of specific compounds like magnesium, vitamin D3, omega-3s, creatine, and even more advanced options like rapamy or nad precursors. While supplementation can be useful, even necessary in some cases, it should never become a substitute for what the body is evolutionarily designed to thrive on real whole nutrient-dense food. Especially for seniors, the first priority should be building a nutritional foundation from highquality bioavailable sources and only then strategically layering in supplements where needed. The body doesn't experience nutrients in isolation. When you eat something like a piece of grass-fed liver or wild cut sardines, isolated B12 or omega-3s, you're getting those nutrients in their natural matrix accompanied by co-actors that enhance absorption and utilization. For example, the iron in red meat comes in the hee form, which is far more bioavailable than the non-hem iron found in plants or fortified foods. Vitamin A from liver is in its active retinol form, not betaarotene, which many older adults struggle to convert efficiently. Even something as simple as eating eggs gives you choline, cholesterol, DHA, soluble vitamins, all in a form your body knows. knows exactly how to process. No synthetic pill or powder can replicate that biochemical synergy. That said, we don't live in an ideal world. Soul depletion, indoor lifestyles, modern stressors, and declining absorption with age can create gaps even in well structured diets. This is where supplementation makes sense. But again, it must be tailored. Blanket supplement regimens based on trends, not personal data, often do more harm than good or simply waste time and money. For seniors, especially, taking a thoughtful approach based on blood markers, functional testing, and lifestyle context is critical. For instance, supplementing with magnesium may help support sleep, blood pressure, and insulin sensitivity, but the type of magnesium matters. Similarly, creatine supplementation, while often marketed to athletes, has clear benefits for older adults in preserving muscle mass, strength, and even cognitive function. Still, none of these benefits will materialize if the diet is built on ultrarocessed foods, low protein, and chronic glucose spikes. Supplements are not magic. They work best when they supplement a strong nutritional baseline, not replace it. And that baseline is built from zero carb, zero sugar, nutrient-dense foods that fuel your mitochondria, preserve lean mass, and avoid the metabolic traps that so many seniors fall into. In the end, the path to aging well is not about chasing hacks or loading up on the latest pills. It's about discipline in the fundamentals. Eating real food, moving your body with purpose, sleeping well, managing emotional health, and then supplementing intelligently based on actual need. Food is information, not just fuel. It tells your body how to age faster or slower. Choose the foods that speak the right language and you'll be amazed at how long the body remains capable, strong.

- Long-Term Keto Risks: Could It Speed Up Organ Aging?: Kind: captions Language: en the ketogenic diet long promoted for its potential benefits in weight loss metabolic health and even neurological conditions is now under scrutiny for its possible long-term consequences on organ aging according to a recent study conducted at the University of Texas Health Science Center and published in science advances prolonged adherence to this high-fat low carbohydrate diet May accelerate cellular aging in multiple organs including the heart and kidneys while the ketogenic diet has been associated with anti anti-inflammatory effects in metabolic improvements these findings raise concerns about its impact on longevity and overall health the research highlights a critical biological process known as cellular inessence where cells cease to divide due to excessive stress or damage while this mechanism plays a role in preventing the spread of damaged cells an accumulation of sessen cells is linked to aging related diseases including cardiovascular conditions kidney D function and neurodegenerative disorders the study's findings suggest that prolonged exposure to a ketogenic diet May induce this cellular stress leading to premature aging of vital organs to test this hypothesis researchers fed a group of MSA diet where over 90% of calories came from fat with less than 1% from carbohydrates while a control group received a balanced diet with a moderate intake of fats and carbohydrates after just 21 days tissue sample from the heart liver kidney and brain revealed a significantly higher presence of ccent cells in the ketogenic group compared to the control group this indicates that a sustained ketogenic diet May contribute to an inflammatory environment that accelerates organ aging potentially increasing the risk of chronic diseases a particularly alarming finding was the increased risk of cardiac fibrosis and kidney damage in the ketogenic fed mice while short-term benefits of the diet have been reported in weight management and metabolic improvements these results suggest that long-term adherence may carry serious health risks the potential for increased inflammation contradicts some earlier studies that Associated the ketogenic diet with reduced inflammation and enhanced longevity in middle age this discrepancy underscores the complexity of dietary interventions and the need for further research before making long-term dietary recommendations despite these concerning results the study also offers a hopeful perspective when a mice were transitioned back to a standard diet the presence of senescent cells decreased this suggests that any negative effects of a ketogenic diet on cellular aging might be reversible if dietary habits are adjusted in time however the question remains at what point does the damage become irreversible and how long can individuals safely maintain a ketogenic diet without adverse effects the ketogenic diet has has been widely embraced not only for weight loss but also for its therapeutic applications in conditions like drug resistant epilepsy however its extreme restriction of carbohydrates and emphasis on fats raises concerns about nutritional balance while proponents argue that it offers metabolic advantages many Health experts caution against its long-term use due to potential deficiencies in essential nutrients particularly fiber vitamins and antioxidants found in fruits vegetables and whole grains a diet heavily focused on fats and proteins may lead to an imbalance that contradicts established dietary guidelines for long-term Health moreover individuals with pre-existing kidney conditions should be especially cautious as high protein intake can strain kidney function the findings from this recent study add another layer of concern suggesting that even those without pre-existing conditions might be at risk of accelerated organ aging if they follow a keeto ketogenic diet for extended periods while the ketogenic diet may offer short-term benefits particularly for weight loss and blood sugar control its long-term safety remains an open question extreme dietary interventions often come with trade-offs and this study serves as a reminder that more research is needed to fully understand the impact of nutritional choices on aging and organ Health before committing to any restrictive diet individuals should consider both immediate benefits and potential la long-term consequences ensuring that their dietary approach aligns with both short-term goals and lifelong well-being

- Is The Ketogenic Diet Good For You?: Kind: captions Language: en keto diet ketogenic diet you know I don't love talking about diets I don't think diets are the way to go personally and I think I think generally you and I agree that a diet is not a good idea you know you need to be thoughtful about the way they eat the timing of what eat and the food they eat but restricting yourself to something very specific it's not the best idea however I'm going to talk about my grizzly bear diet all right okay you heard of carnivore and paleo I got the grizzly bear diet okay stick around to the end okay you stick around to the end I'll tell you about it I'll be here okay so the ketogenic diet why did it even become a thing it started back in 1921 goes way back okay Russell Wilder over 100 years ago a guy that was treating intractable seizures or seizures that they could not control in any other manner so we didn't have the access to the medications that we have nowadays so what they did is they put these people on ultra low carbohydrate or no carbohydrate diets or a ketogenic diet and this seems to help particularly kids that hadn't trable seizures control their seizure disorder which was amazing for those of you that poo poo big Pharma they they came up with seizure medication so we don't have to starve individuals who suffer with seizure disorders anymore to treat them because now we can give them seizure medication yes so there you go so so how did that transition into a diet that is very popular a lot of books a lot of experts on the internet a lot of foods that say keto this keto that how I think as as we moved through the decades of medicine uh I think it was start it was being used to treat diabetes as well um the sort of starvation in type 1 diabetes was thought to help as well right to get people into a keto which is confusing because one of the complications of type 1 diabetes is going into diabetic keto acidosis right which is a ketogenic State and a low PH in your blood which can be fatal so this this is complicated so kind of the the basic tenant of all of this is that our body's primary source of energy typically is glucose right so glucose in its purest form is sugar but it can be formed from more complex carbohydrates or from stores in our liver and our muscle called glycogen right once these are depleted however then our body can use fatty acids to convert to ketones and this actually is preferentially used by our brains because our brains have an obligatory amount of energy that's required right and it is ketones so what happens though is that when our insulin levels go way way down so either because of starvation or because of a diet that is deficient in carbohydrate this reduces their insulin level increases something called glucagon cortisol a lot of other stimulatory catacol amines and then this drives our body to start using fatty acids which is a slightly less efficient way but a way to access our fat stores that creates ketones that's the process isn't it it's a lot it's a lot and I think uh in terms of using up your glycogen storage that takes a few days typically before you run out of your glycogen stores and so the idea is we're trying to induce that state with a high intake of K keto diet basically as opposed to taking in carbohydrates what does other than unappealing to me what does a keto diet look like so a keto diet is a little bit restrictive like a lot of these diets that we've talked about so 60 to 70% fat which is a a shift away from the last kind of 50 years probably in a good way 30% protein 10% carbohydrate and there are some keto diets even that are no carbohydrates we're talking in the range of 20 to 50 grams and just to put it in perspective like one mediumsized potato has like 20 to 30 gram of carbohydrates so we're talking like a really small amount of carbs for your entire day okay and so typically yep and I noticed you didn't see any Ultra processed foods in that uh diet so ultimately the KE people who do embark on the keto diet do lose weight pretty fast pretty successfully in the in the short term yes why do you think that is well it's more of because they're eliminating other stuff now you're not eating all the junk food scientific term for all those other Foods junk food you've cut all that out right so you get rid of sugar you get rid of refined carbohydrates you typically get rid of ultra processed food however you could have Ultra processed like like turkey pepperoni stick or something like that that's processed but it doesn't have any carbohydrate the other thing about these diets is when they are super restrictive people typically don't overeat because you get bored of them that's actually a good way to reduce overc consumption of food is have a diet that's really boring and so one of the main goals of this for recently is to lose weight people are trying to lose weight we have an obesity epidemic if you're like what can I do for heaven's sakes to lose some weight just tell me yeah that that by why people and and in addition I think on eating the higher protein higher fats yes you feel full quicker you're not hungry all the time as if you're going on the carb route you're going to be hungry again you're going to be hungry again so that also and this all relates back to hormones so hormones like kyin and and gell and actually actually like a hunger hormone as well as its impact on insulin a lot of it comes back to insulin and we're going to do some videos about this later on okay all right so that's what the keto diet looks like right that's the history of where this keto diet came from um now let's talk about is it sustainable does it lead to sustained weight loss and is it good for you okay so so let's start at the beginning where's the evidence is there any evidence that there are any conditions or situations where this is a good idea there's always evidence there's always evidence on either side of things right um there's evidence I mean that I've seen that I reviewed and I've reviewed some debates between cardiologists about you know heart disease and that there is evidence to support uh rapid weight loss okay there is some some clinical trials that actually do show look yeah you will lose way quickly Y what about in the long term now the problem is like any diet it's hard to adhere to a diet which is one of the reasons I don't like diet and I prefer a lifestyle change and an eating habit as opposed to a diet but it's it's people don't adhere to it for very long some of you do I'm sure but leave a comment if you had an experience with keto di good or bad will fall right off the keto bandwagon agreed um okay what about what about evidence for things like your lipid profile okay so unfortunately typically it has a negative effect on your lipid profile I I I mean I've read some and and and I've seen that evidence I've also seen evidence that says it has a good effect on your this is the trouble with all nutritional research is that it's so hard to control exactly what people are eating to properly document the amount of calories that they're getting from different sources and to measure the outcomes and that this is the the plight of all nutritional research on a on a very personal note I found I was able to reduce my bad cholesterol and triglycerides by 20% yes by changing my diet to very plant-based and eliminating all sort of meats and fats as much as I could for like a year y um and then instead I went on medication and flipped back to a balanced diet but I think to your point though if you reduce refined carbohydrates and sugars you're probably going to drop your triglycerides that a lot of people don't get just like by reducing alcohol does the same thing so even though it's not specifically a keto thing those things would become part of a keto diet and would have that same potential benefit yeah but You' think eating a bunch of bacon wouldn't be good for you that's traditionally what we've been thinking for the last few decades right um now Bacon's not good for you because of the process nature of it but I was talking about the fat content sure and and I think too it brings up a really good point is that some of the potential consequences of a diet like this whether it's keto or Carn something like that maybe longer term issues that you're not going to see in the short term you could maybe change your blood work you might lose some weight you might feel better initially because of that elimination process but the long-term consequences are hard to measure okay so bonus you're going to lose weight fast negative you might not be able to stick to it and there's some unknowns of what you're doing to your sort of lipid profile yeah one one group certainly that has had benefit with this style of approach to eating is is the diabetic population the type two diabetic population people who live with diabetes yes yes people who live with diabetes yes people who live with type two diabetes yes thank you you just to say people live with before the disease now yeah that's they don't have it they're living with it yeah that's the new way we say it now I like it yeah and the reason is it helps control your sugars better right exactly yeah so it works in that and also the weight loss associated with it is also going to help your diabetes as well potentially could cure it you think so yeah if you lose enough weight definitely you can reverse type two diabetes there you go okay any other conditions that you think it can be beneficial for um no okay you no I mean there's there's a lot of um people positing that that may be beneficial for things like Alzheimer's for mood disorders for things like that um again the research is not totally conclusive but certainly it's interesting and ongoing I did read that yeah one thing to note is that this is not something that has to be completely animal- based you could be a vegetarian or a vegan a plant-based eater and have a keto diet it just depends on where you're getting your calories from so more avocados or nuts and seeds and less complex carbohydrates luck with that okay so there's a summary of what keto is it's worth considering for you if you're struggling with with your weight or with diabetes talk to your doctor obviously before you any make any drastic changes if you like this video please like and subcribe bear diet okay here it is I was in Vancouver at a grizzly bear sanctuary and I saw the plaque that said their diet is 80% vegetables berries you know things that grow in the ground and 20% of fish meet well the odd camper I guess but right look at the grizzly bear big powerful thing lives a long time mostly plants just like me grizzly bear like grizzly bear because of the hair I meant the fierceness but yeah the hair I guess grizzly bear diet think about it now you know if you like this video who's like and subscrib to our Channel and remember you are in charge of your own health and you're in charge of what you eat see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @SodBusteretta [2 likes]: Hello, love your video!!! What about Fatty Liver? Do you think Keto would help? Thank you for the video. 💙💜💙
  2. @Southwesterncannabis [1 likes]: I did keto thing for 3 months It did more than loses weight your sex hormones went up too and you can think clearly
  3. @aadinbannister9329 [1 likes]: Before I started keto I had heartburn , I b s severe migraines , asthma , I was always getting sick because of the compromised immune system.I had diabetes 2. Unexplained rashes. My back always used to hurt my Joint used to always hurt even as a child. My hair was falling out.\n And on average, I was losing about a tooth every year.\n And I weighed about 370  Started doing keto with supplements, and now I'm a 175 pounds and the only thing that's wrong with me is I'm getting older everything else went away and I'm sure there were a lot of other things.  That were going to be wrong with me , but because iketo and a lifestyle change , i'm a hundred percent better than I was before
  4. @Antonio-j1g [1 likes]: my friends doctors, when is time to die, YOU die. Don't matter what you do with those nonsense ideas. Doctors nowadays don't care about patients, they just want your MONEY! We the people should take care ourselves, listen to our bodies, make our decisions
  5. @billyb4790: So many long term Keto people on here but the fact is 9 out of every ten people won’t be on it longer than 6 months. 

Hard to find many over five years. It’s no wonder there are no long term studies. 

I guess we’ll just have to see what happens to Dr Berg, if he’s even on it lol
  6. @geno5169: But I still fast I’ve still fastened through my 24
  7. @geno5169: When I did keto, I lost a lot of weight. I did no carb I did low-carb but a high fat than my car. My daughter said I had clogged arteries, but then I had a fib so I stopped doing keto. I started eating all kinds of carbs. I’ve been looking at carnivoreI miss in Quito yes
  8. @hellcatpekes8974: These two do not have a very good take on keto. I don’t consider it restricted at all and it’s much more a lifestyle  
Cut out all the garbage food and ultra processed food and almost in turn it cut out the carbs.
They are also leaving out a ton of other benefits of keto. 
Their tone just seems dismissive of it. Which come from a doctor is shocking!
  9. @glorybee9661: The Cholesterol Code new film on Amazon Prime  ! period
  10. @billk9856: The basic first step of Keto is to avoid highly processed grains and sugars ...... how can that be a bad thing.
  11. @zemor-s7s: keto is a lifestyle change
  12. @DevinsontheWeb: I knew someone who worked for a cancer clinic that recommended a keto diet, they said cancer lived off sugar
  13. @dy8863: If you have to rely on medications to manage cholesterol, blood sugar, blood pressure, etc. you are doing it wrong. The answer isn't - "well, I went back to a balanced diet but also had to go back on medications"
  14. @camillecamille5564: I follow a ketogenic diet intuitively, I cook a lot, with lots of fibers like cabbage, brussels sprouts, kale, swiss chards, onions, herbs like fresh dill, cilantro, parsley, nuts... Lots of fish, roe, eggs, red meat, poultry, seafood, not processed meat.  I feel good this way (keto and low carb, but I prefer keto) for the brain benefits (more focus and less tired) and inflammation. I wake up early now and don't have brain fog. I used to drink so much coffee and it didn't do anything but to make me feel anxious. I feel way better this way. It could also be that eating low glycemic index foods helps me a lot.
  15. @valetoxicus5927: I've been doing Keto for a couple years, have maintained a 70 lb weight loss, and with cardio and strength training, I've  transformed my body composition. I'm 58 and feel 10  years younger. More energy, better mental health, and practically perfect metabolic panel. I think of it as a choice, not a restriction. Kind of like saying, I don't smoke, I say, I don't eat sugar, or, I don't eat grains. I think they're all like poison to your body. If I want something sweet, I eat a few fresh strawberries.
  16. @bingobandit: Keto diet, 2 months, 37 lbs lost. Clean Keto. All of my blood work is out of range on the high side. So not sure, if I want to be skinny or chance of stroke.
  17. @MattBreaksDietMyths: I have been on the keto diet for 3 weeks and have lost 30lbs. I feel better. I hope I can keep it up.
  18. @katybug1966: My brother was on a keto diet for about 3-4 years. He died unexpectedly of a massive heart attack. I think keto is nuts. I follow a whole food (basically Mediterranean lots of plants) diet.
  19. @grantw7946: The two🤡cardiologists.
  20. @sex6167: Great video guys, thanks for the knowledge! "because of the hair" made me lol in real time

- Ketogenic Diet safe for SENIORS ? (It Depends...): Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Dr Barry let's discuss for a few minutes is the ketogenic diet safe for seniors I myself am 50 years old at the making of this video I have many many patients in my clinic who are 50 60 70 80 even 90 years old and the question is becoming more and more common is it safe for me to eat keto if I am over 50 over 60 over 70 over 80 and so I wanted to make this video to expl explain to you why I think it's very safe and why I think it's probably the best diet you can choose at that age so if you know someone who is 50 60 70 80 90 100 uh my my oldest patient recently went to heaven she was 107 years old and she was progressively lowering her carbohydrate intake even then if you know someone who's over 50 60 70 who is considering trying to keep enic diet for weight loss or for all the other hundreds of health benefits that it can offer please share this video with them you you're welcome to share this video in your keto groups your low carb group your Banting your carnivore group anywhere on social media that you think you can help me to help more people now let's talk about this as we get older without exception this this applies to all of us including me darn it we become more insulin resistant as we get older that's that's a known medical fact on average we get more insulin resistant uh we become more likely to suffer from chronic inflammation we uh don't absorb vitamins and minerals in out of our gastrointestinal system as readily and so we need really need to make sure we're getting the vitamins and minerals and other nutrients that we need in our diets in large enough amounts we tend to lose muscle mass if we're not being very vigilant about this we tend to lose bone density which is also a very big deal and I actually talk about that in another video on this channel uh we also become more likely to suffer from vitamin and mineral deficiencies those are all the things that are going to happen to all of us as we get older if we don't eat the proper diet and live the proper lifesty so really my question is at what better age uh should you do a ketogenic diet this the the ketogenic diet that I recommend is a whole food real food fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet and I think that that's going to give anyone age 50 or older all the vitamins minerals protein essential fatty acids essential amino acids that they need for their best health uh now there are many Scare Tactics that you'll see out there in the in the mainstream media and other expert uh YouTube channels or websites and let's go over a few of those and let's talk about the common sense and the logic behind these first you'll hear oh there's no research that shows that keto safe for your age group that's absolutely true but here's what you may not have ever heard before or ever thought about there is no research showing that the standard American diet is safe for seniors to eat yeah this is just a big experiment that we started about 60 years ago of eating all these carbohydrates and no one knows if it's safe or not the research has never been done there's no research that shows that the American Diabetes Association diet is safe for seniors or for diabetics even for that matter there's no research that shows that the American medic heart association's DASH diet is safe in seniors and actually there's research that's come out that shows that cutting your salt as much as the AHA wants you to is that is actually bad for you it lowers your lifespan lowers your health span it's bad for even people with congestive heart failure to limit their salt intake as much as the AHA wants you to so there's no research backing up any of these diets and so it makes sense to me since there's no compelling research that shows that any one diet is better than the other that we should try to mimic the diet that our ancestors have eaten for the last 250,000 years and in my mind that's a fatty meat heavy ketogenic diet now the next thing you'll hear is that keto is very hard very restrictive it's hard to do most people can't do it um and I want to enlist my my other uh listeners for this if you are doing keto and you're 50 or older I want you to put in the comments if you think keto is restrictive or hard okay and if you're new to this way of eating and you're like I don't know if I can do this I want you to read some of the comments below because I have found uh the ketogenic way of eating uh currently I'm doing a very fatty meat heavy brand of Keto called carnivore I find it to be fun and delicious and enjoyable I can't wait to sit down to my next meal I also don't have any problem fasting because I'm eating so much good healthy fat I'm just not hungry and so that really helps a lot I think I find the ketogenic way of eating to be very easy and I think you'll see in the comments that thousands of other people find it to be also very easy as well uh you hear the it oh saturated fat is very bad for you first of all you can get saturated fat in vegetables and in meats you can get the you can get saturated fat both places uh actually fatty meat like red meat like pork like lamb like pork are also have plenty of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats as well as saturated fat they're actually the Perfect Blend of all the good healthy fats that you need and so that's that's where you find fat now the research is the research showing that Fat's bad for you there's some there's some very cursory research that that might show a correlation but when you actually dig into this data it's um basically all biased by the researcher's opinion that you should eat a plant-based diet and the the research is just ridiculous trying to prove that that fatty meat is bad for you I don't I don't find any research that compels me to wor about eating lots of fatty meat the next you'll hear is oh Salt's bad for you and so there's a lot of salt in in keto and they encourage you to eat lots of salt and again I already alluded to this above um also a great book if you'd like to learn about the the human need for salt is the salt fix by Dr James D nickol Antonio this is a great book I'll put a link down in the show notes um salt is good for you we need salt if you prick your finger and taste your blood it's salty it's supposed to to be salty mammals need lots of salt to be healthy it's just a myth that got started again about 50 60 years ago that salt's bad for you and even though human beings have eaten as much salt as they could get their hands on for a quarter of a million years now the fat is to limit your salt and that's just exactly what it is it's fat it's based on no meaningful research uh whatsoever so if your goals as a senior are to increase your mental Acuity to try to decrease your risk of dementia if your goal is to increase your bone density not only your bone density but your bone strength if your goal is to increase your muscle tone and your muscle mass if your goal is to decrease chronic inflammation in your body then I think you found the right place I think keto is for you uh you should at least give it a six or an eight week try and I think at the end of that time you're going to feel so much better that you'll know this is the way of eating that you should follow for the rest of your life which I predict will be long and healthy and happy and full of Adventures now if you enjoyed this video please take one second and click that subscribe button and click the little Bell right beside it that way every time I get a bright idea you'll be one of the very first to know and also I want to give a big thank you to my patrons on my patreon website you guys have made life so much easier for me you've made it so possible for me to help so many other people with your generous offer and I I thank you so much for that if you'd like to sign up to be a patron the link is right down below you can sign up very quickly and throw a buck or two my way this is Dr Barry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @User-4-mn3or [1 likes]: I'm 76 and just 2 weeks into it. Not feeling great after being vegetarian 25 years. But not quitting! Down 8 pounds in 2 weeks. Amazing!!
  2. @fgzfresh: how do u start out when u r so addicted to all the crap
  3. @lcv551: Please soak on water & sodium bicarbonate your veggies and rinse 
Them for a second soak on water white vinegar and rinse. Even ready wash and organically grown. There is no honesty from companies anymore.  
 As for me 
I am doing a parasite cleansing. I try a balance diet with carbs and started on September 2025, now Feb. 2026 10lbs up and feeling like acid reflux and heavy. Carbs are addicting. I am
Also ditching sugar substitutes from a keto diet because I don’t like the bloating and health risk. And just maybe Allulose mini cake for my B-Day. 
Or just a big steak with a candle.*
Stay strong and I am going back to my mind set of toxic beautiful plastic food, dead food everywhere.
No easy right now. My family eats the American diet and bread chips fry food is normal. I have to watch and think how nasty is that process food and sit at the table and say my stomach hurts if I eat the burger bun. And no fries for me is an easy one. My stomach do not like it will pay after a couple hours with heaviness overindulge bursting feeling . 
I am a petite size female. 
My body keeps memory for fasting prolong hours. It helps. 
I am also experiencing poor sleep. 
Not worthy to live with pains and aches and deprived sleep. 
Dear Lord help every person seeking for hope strength and the right information here, 
to thrive and reach a good, strong mind and goals and health. 
Your not alone. I want my easy life not feeling discomfort nothing after eating and full of energy. 
It is worthy. Priceless 😊
  4. @maisiechristiansen7948: 58 years old and no longer losing weight even on keto. I don't know what's wrong. I am incrementally gaining weight every single day. I only eat 2. meals a day. I don't know what's going on, I use to lose weight but now I'm just gaining and gaining and gaining incrementally.
  5. @User-4-mn3or: And it's less expensive!!!! Saving $$$$$
  6. @nan9113: I’m sure I won’t get a response because this video is quite old but here goes. I’m 66 and I was losing weight quite well with a low-carb diet and very rarely ate carbs. The only carbs I was getting was through protein bars. I have a problem that I will sometimes stop the diet and take a couple weeks off and eat whatever I want and then it takes so long to get back to ketosis again I’ve been back on keto for three weeks now and I’m still not in ketosis. I’m urinating like crazy but not losing a pound. Did I mess myself up, I’ve heard that you can do this, and it will ruin your ability to lose weight ever again on low-carb diets if you go back-and-forth is this true?
  7. @nancyr45: Waooo awesome inspiring comments I will do keto I been on low carb
  8. @douglaswallace7680: ( Only for me )This former carb addict says   DO   NOT   go cold turkey cutting down carbs to less than 20% of your calorie intake .  Transition for me was  VERY  difficult !   Constantly slipping back .
Purge the pantry of evil foods and eat only meats and veggies ?  Not to scare anybody off ,  like I said ,  this was only my story .  The withdrawl experience for me was MASSIVE !  It took a full 5 days of clenched teeth and sweat .   Dr. B. asked the question :  "Do I think Keto is restrictive ?"   I now go into  A N Y    G R O C E R Y     S T O R E    and find out that 75% of the store is    O F F    L I M I T S    to this plan !  Baking aisle ,   GONE .  Cereal aisle ,  GONE .  Chips ,  Cookies ,  Ice Cream ,  GONE .
  9. @peterfrancisharris: At 72, keto is easier, simpler, cheaper, tastier, and you are never hungry. Also, you never seem burdened by a dysfunctional digestive system. You hardly notice you are digesting anything.
  10. @joncharles5182: Very easy way of eating.  Not hungry like when I diet…
  11. @starletta8293: salt is good as long as it’s real salt and not table salt which is man made and raises bp, real salt does not raise bp.
  12. @bevjensen2913: I did Dirty Keto in 2019 which was a poor choice. Too much Keto junk food. 2025 I am doing Cleaner Keto/Mediterranean along with IF. Doing well with weight loss and inflammation.  Female 69yrs old. Thanks Dr Berry!
  13. @Patterns.and.principles: I’m 69. Keto is easy.
  14. @JillieMattiou: Best thing I ever did was reading the book Woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, after applying the knowledge I got from the book I feel like the cellulite is magically disappearing from my body
  15. @GerfeScreaton: Finding the ‘woman’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth’ ebook should be your top priority, even if it’s the last thing you do in life
  16. @QuintonCufbin: Drop whatever you are doing and go read the book Womans’s weight loss secrets: the unspoken truth, its absolutely life changing, trust me on this
  17. @HeidieWalrche: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  18. @BlanchMofraft: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  19. @MaticaMorde: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  20. @GabbieLauxmfann: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!

- How Ketones Take out the Trash: New Research on Diet and Brain Aging: Kind: captions Language: en a new paper was just published about ketones Alzheimer's disease and brain health that's so fascinating my synapses nearly short circuited while reading it the elegance and specificity of the mechanism described is so amazing that it almost seems like magic but it's not it's science I'm going to walk you through the findings at a high level because it's quite Technical and at the end of the video I almost guarantee if you don't do a ketogenic diet or intermittent fasting you will at least try one of these interventions oh and if you stick around to the end you'll get to hear some thoughts from one of the authors themselves so make sure to watch to the end okay now for some necessary background Alzheimer's disease is one of many different horrifying neurodegenerative diseases others include Parkinson's disease Ling Body Disease hun intense disease ALS other forms of demen and so on most are related to aging and characterized by the misfolding of proteins kind of like bad origami now this is biology 101 proteins are the micro machines that govern how the body and brain works and a protein's structure how it folds determines its function structure determines function and if a protein misfolds disease can ensue especially neurod degenerative diseases like ulzheimer disease in fact you may have heard of some of the products of these misfolded proteins like ameloid plaques and to neurofibrillary Tangles that choke the brain into dementia okay now some more background on ketogenic diets and Alzheimer's disease there is already a body of literature supporting the use of ketogenic diets for Alzheimer's disease this includes Mouse models or ketogenic diets extend cognitive longevity data showing that ketones can protect against amalo toxicity and reduce amalo plaque burden in the brain and even a human randomized control trial showing the benefits of ketogenic diets in persons already exhibiting the signs and symptoms of Alzheimer's disease additionally on first principles ketones could help in Alzheimer's disease by providing an energy substrate when brain glucose metabolism is impaired by reducing neuroinflammation and by rewiring metabolism through changing how genes are expressed via hisone aetas inhibition or altering protein function through post transational modification I know that's a lot of jargon but the point here is it's all very cool and exciting and provides a framework for how ketones can help an Alzheimer's disease but this research goes a Step Beyond all that in brief what they find the researchers find is that ketones can Target specific pathological misfolded proteins and help them transition from a soluble to an insoluble state which we'll elaborate on in a moment and ultimately help clear them out and clean up the brain in the author's own words Ketone bodies are janitors of damaged protein shering away molecular waste so organisms can operate at Peak molecular Fitness pretty cool quote right but let's unpack this a bit more because it is complicated you see when proteins misfold they can be soluble meaning they're dissolved in the fluid in and around cells or insoluble meaning they are clustered up discreetly and transitioning from soluble to insoluble is almost as if you could reverse dissolve salt from salt water into fresh water in a salt Cube but is this good or bad and if it is good why well certain misfolded proteins when they're in their soluble form can spread more easily from cell to cell and Seed disease progressing diseases like Alzheimer's disease that ketones help transition misfolded proteins from soluble to insoluble could be thought of as a kind of defense mechanism to stop spread of disease however if the insoluble fraction accumulates that's also a problem luckily the research is shown the study that ketones also help with the clearance out of the brain of the insolubilized proteins so by way of analogy it's like if you had a huge misfolded protein mess all over your apartment the ketones not only Target the trash and bring it to the trash bin but then they kindly take out the trash bin for you and dump it down the garbage shoot in terms now of what they actually did in this study to talk about some of the specific data well they did a lot but among their experiments they took brain tissue from Alzheimer's mice and older monkeys specifically reesus Maxs and confirmed that treatment with ketones increased the insol imization think picking up the trash from your apartment and putting in the trash bin they also look specifically at the amalo protein in Alzheimer's and found that physiological levels of Ketone bodies increased the insoluble fraction they also showed that ketones protected against cellular toxicity of the misfolded amalo Alzheimer's protein and they present data that suggest that the most insolubilized Aggregates get cleared out of the brain think about it like taking out the trash and throwing it down the garbage shoot okay now pause because I'm guessing only a small percentage of you at this point are really appreciating what stuns me about this paper why I said my neurons almost short circuited when reading it and the physiology to which this paper is speaking think about this now how do ketones know how to Target specifically misfolding proteins why wouldn't they just insolubilize procanes willy-nilly nons specifically somehow the simple molecule that is a ketone body can select the bad apples out of The Bushel but how well proper folding of proteins requires careful and specific conditions when this occurs the protein takes a particular shape and has a particular function however when the conditions are suboptimal the so-called unstable folding conditions proteins can misfold and get damaged and this misfolded structure opens up particular binding sites that ketones can Target and then ketosis then promotes the clearance of the highly ins solubilized proteins which depends on different cleanup mechanisms including the probiome and autophagy and if those terms are novel to you they're just different cellular cleanup and recycling systems and this also makes sense from an evolutionary perspective since ketosis is historically associated with fasting and nutrient deprivation which would be an ideal time window to clear damaged and misfolded proteins to enhance cellular and organismal health and fitness it's all super interesting and in fact represents a whole new frontier of cellular biology in so far as this effect whereby ketones shift the soluble to insoluble protein fraction and alter overall protein balance it's likely generalizable to other simple molecules like lactate made during exercise in unpacking how different molecules have different effects on protein balance this will give us deeper insights into the mechanisms by which different metabolic States ketosis fasting and otherwise fine-tune metabolic in physical health that's pretty freaking cool right with that stay curious and now some thoughts from one of the authors these data are really exciting because uh it gives a new level as to why Ketone bodies are really interesting ger therpeutic molecules there's a whole host of of energetic and non-energetic reasons as to why Ketone bodies are really relevant to the Aging field but this paper gives a new layer relevant for neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer disease and so this is because we're now showing that Ketone bodies which are compounds whose concentrations are determined by diet or exercise or by supplementation uh that these compounds these Ketone bodies can travel to the brain and interact specifically with misfolded and damaged proteins that are relevant to neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer disease as well as Aging in general and so I think this adds like a really nice new level of complexity to an already outstanding toolkit uh that's possessed by these Ketone bodies um and so I think the big question that's on uh everybody's mind is what's next um so I have a couple I think Avenues uh where that I think are really interesting but I think there's a whole uh number of opportunities that can come out of um this paper being published and so I think at the molecular level the first burning question is what exactly is the mechanism by which these Ketone bodies are interacting with these misfolded and damaged proteins uh that was something that we weren't able to fully answer within our paper um and so I think it's going to be interesting to see exactly what the interaction between these Ketone bodies and the misfolded proteins are we know uh from the paper that it's not due to pH and we also know that it's not due to a post-translational modification but beyond that we aren't really sure exactly how these Ketone bodies are coming up to these proteins and influencing their structure and relative solubility I think secondarily um the big question is how are these misfolded proteins that are interacted uh with by the Ketone bodies how are they getting from their Normal area to an autophagosome or the proteosome in order to be degraded um and so I don't know if it's whether the Ketone bodies themselves are touching and tagging a chaperone to take care of the business or once the Ketone bodies interact with the the misfolded protein and change its relative solubility and structure that chaperones are then able to recognize that protein um but that'll be a really interesting uh level of inquiry that'll show up uh hopefully in some next new papers um I think at a larger level another question that you could ask is which cell type are most targeted by uh this mechanism is it Gia is it neurons um and which brain region uh is most uh targeted by this mechanism as well um so we know that Ketone bodies are associated with uh positive phenotypes like improvements in cognition improvements in working memory and so it' be interesting whether the hippocampus uh is more targeted than say the hypothalamus um and I think at a broader level another question that you can ask that that I find really interesting is that what other metabolites are are also causing the same mechanistic effect and what does it look like in a different tissue so we showed in the paper that uh other metabolites that have carboxilic acid structures like lactate like succinate that they possess similar activities to Ketone bodies like beta hydroxy beate and so it'll be really interesting to kind of see whether um the proteum changes at a large level in Elite athletes versus sedentary athletes um when lactate is um coming into the muscle uh during exercise so that's just uh some of the first questions that pop into my mind but I'm sure that there's going to be um a whole lot of of other uh interesting inquiries that are going to come out of this paper so thanks [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @antman-lx5kz [3 likes]: I saw this video just published, stupidly I decided to do my bachelor's thesis on it....a wonderful study, but a terrible choice...my brain is exploding😅
  2. @joelritenour4413: Would the ketones produced by C8 MCT oil be neuroprotective?
  3. @jpcnti: I’m addicted to your channel lol
  4. @bennguyen1313: Any thoughts on Keto Brainz (Alpha GPC, MCT , caffeine theanine )?
  5. @johnbierma9834: Thanks really great info👍👍
  6. @tanowelch462: Nick you are a gem!  Dr. Tano Welch
  7. @tinamitchell9644: Can you see benefits from exogenous keystones or only those naturally produced by the body?
  8. @pato7274: What an excellent video!! Thank you ❤
  9. @jamesphasman3922: What is the science around keto/ketosis looking at amyloid black in the heart muscle? Anyone.
  10. @Anastasios_tasos: Ευχαριστούμε!
  11. @Anastasios_tasos: Fascinating presentation and info. Thank you 🙏🌹🌷
  12. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: This applies to individuals who have the mutations that is associated with Alzheimer’s? The APP, PSEN1 and PSEN2? Which is early onset? Getting Alzheimer’s before 65
  13. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: What about those individuals who have the mutations that are associated with Alzheimer’s like the APP, PSEN1, and PSEN2
  14. @mikeh2794: Hey Nick are you aware of any natural substitutes for Madopar
  15. @SuePyperArtist: Thank you nick. Love your videos. People think I’m crazy for doing keto. But I’ve never felt better.
  16. @countrydwell: Nick - thank you again!
Your presentation is so easy for me to comprehend. 
Inspirational on a very personal  level for managing the one and only brain one has.
👏👏👏
  17. @JP-AT: Just can’t any thing you say seriously anymore … shame …
  18. @Roberto-cg2gr: Hope there will be a research on effects of GKI of less than 2 on Atherosclerosis and how it can remove soft plaque inflammation
  19. @darrenbeutel6849: Cool
  20. @petermacdonald6332: The Bredesen protocol actually works. They’re having incredible success.

- Can Alzheimer’s be treated with the keto diet?: Kind: captions Language: en I am a physician I'm a neonatologist I practiced for 30 years doing newborn intensive care taking care of second premature newborns and I became interested in Alzheimer's disease because my husband Steve developed early onset Alzheimer's with symptoms starting at age 51 and he was officially diagnosed with Alzheimer's at 54 so he was continuing to get worse over time and at 7 to 8 years into this process he was going downhill very quickly he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's and we were trying to get him into two clinical trials two different drugs and I was looking at the risks and benefits of these two drugs the night before he was to be tested for the first trial and I happened upon a press release for a medical food that was going towards FDA recognition it was still about a year away and it claimed to improve the memory and cognition of nearly half of the people who took it with Alzheimer's disease and you don't hear that ever about Alzheimer's drugs so I thought this was worth looking more into and I found their patent application and there I learned that Alzheimer's is the type of diabetes of the brain there's insulin deficiency and insulin resistance which translates into poor glucose uptake into brain cells and brain cells need like all of our cells need fuel to work on so if you can't get glucose into the cell is there an alternative fuel that could do that and it turns out when you consume MCT oil medium chain triglyceride oil which is what this medical food was your liver converts part of it to ketones and ketones are taken up by the brain and can be used in the same areas of the brain affected by Alzheimer's that do not use glucose normally so it can serve as an alternative fuel so this seemed very logical to me and I was familiar with MCT oil because of the type of physician that I am we used to add it to the feedings of our tiniest premature newborns these were babies under two pounds because they absorbed MCT oil very well and they would grow faster and get home faster and then they started adding it to infant premature formulas and then eventually as coconut oil and palm kernel oil to all infant formulas virtually all commercial infant formulas around the world have these and they're trying to mimic these medium chain triglycerides that are actually in breast milk so I just found this fascinating as I was reading their patent application and I learned about this the night before he was to try out for a clinical trial and I didn't have time to do about anything about it so we had a before and after in a day before and a day after he took coconut oil for the first time I learned it was extracted from coconut oil and Steve tried out for the the first clinical trial he needed to get a score of 16 out of 30 points on a mini Mental Status exam to qualify and he got only 14 points and he did not qualify and the doctor had raw clock which is a traditional Czech test for Alzheimer's and he drew just a few little circles random circles and a few numbers and very disorganized and the doctor told me he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's and so I thought what do we have to lose let's get some coconut oil and when we got home I learned everything I could about it what the fatty acid composition was and I figured out that if I gave him about 35 grams of coconut oil which is a little over two tablespoons that that would be equal to the dose of the medical food that they were studying I wasn't quite right about that but at the time that's what I came up with and so the next day he was scheduled to screen in the afternoon around 1:00 p.m. for the second clinical trial and I gave him a little over two tablespoons of oatmeal and his breakfast probably about four hours before he was tested and he gained four point on the test he remembered things like what the season was what the day of the week what town we were in what floor we were on even though it was a different location this time different city and he qualified for the trial and so right away I thought well did we just really get lucky or was it really something to do with this coconut oil Ketones so we kept it going and so I started giving it to him for breakfast everyday a measured dose and then started cooking with it throughout the day my rationale was you know the medical food was one dose a day 20 grams of MCT oil c8 specifically called tri caprylic acid and but the levels peak at about 90 minutes and then the ketones are gone after about three hours and I thought well you know somebody with Alzheimer's their brain would meet ketones 24/7 so started cooking with it and giving it to them at other meals throughout the day and we gradually worked up on that and they you know right away within a matter of four to five days it was obvious something had changed he said it was like a light switch came on in his brain the day he started coconut oil and he went from very depressed to very hopeful feeling that he had hope for his future his mood was better he was started joking animation came back in his face he had tremors that went away very quickly it was you know really profound he could carry on a conversation better he started whistling again you know and just able to do things easier as how he put it and I could observe that and after maybe five days you know we looked at each other and we said our life has changed something has changed for the better it was quite profound two weeks after the Steve started the coconut oil he drew another clock and this time it was a full circle it had all the numbers and it was messy but it was a huge improvement and I faxed the two clocks the doctor of each and he called me and he said well this is unexpected he said he thought you would need levels of four to five millimoles of ketones and MCT through coconut oil at best was 0.3 to 0.5 millimoles I mean a fraction of what he thought would be needed he we actually did levels on Steve we sent blood to the NIH you know testing coconut oil and the later MCT oil and we saw that the MCT oil levels were higher so he encouraged me to start giving him MCT oil wanted me to stop the coconut oil but I felt like maybe there's some other factor about coconut oil that's important and you know this helped him and what if it what if he goes backwards and I can't get him back you know so I started mixing coconut and MCT oil and eventually slowly worked them up to somewhere between nine and eleven tablespoons a day and he just stopped he was already eating a Mediterranean type diet but he basically sort of eliminating the carbohydrates in his diet he would just leave the bread from the sandwich he would leave the rice leave the pasta and so I it wasn't really eating much fruit at that point and he was devouring fruit before we started this mm-hmm so you know effectively he was on a ketogenic diet you know we couldn't prove it at the time because they we didn't have the handheld monitors to measure levels but I think that the combination of you know the coconut and MCT oil and then also you know effectively being on a ketogenic diet by virtue of how much fat he was eating played a really huge role and we just all steady improvement you know in the beginning I think it was a fuel thing that very first day you know that ketones provided fuel to was brain but we know now that ketones have so many other properties anti-inflammatory properties inflammation is a critical part of Alzheimer's disease and we know now that coconut oil in and of itself reduces inflammation but also ketones potently reduce inflammation by several different mechanisms so I think over time that that was a big factor in his improved continued improvement and some of the other interesting things that happen about two months after we started that coconut oil he his gait normalized he had been shuffling walking very slowly he couldn't pick up a speed and run and his gait just became normal and he could pick up his feet and start running again and then around three to four months he hadn't read for about a year and a half at that point and he announced that one day I can read again and I said well why couldn't you read and he said the words were shaking on the page when I would look at it and that has stopped and he said now I can read again and around nine to ten months he began to remember what he read earlier in the day and one example was I hit a doctor appointment and he sat in the waiting room and then a few hours later he said while you were in there I read a story about Einstein in Scientific American and this and he gave me details of the story it was just quite profound that now he he couldn't even finish a sentence because he couldn't remember what he was saying before this and now he could remember what he read several hours earlier and he would say a sense that's so beautiful tonight it may be it's related to that volcano that happened two or three weeks ago I mean you know that kind of thing started happening and he improved so much that probably I would say nine or ten months after we started this he was able to go back to volunteering he wanted to volunteer he went to work so he became a volunteer in the hospital he would put stickers on supplies and help deliver supplies to the different units in the hospital and he was able to do that for quite a while and he loved that because he felt useful again

  Top Comments:
  1. @marthajharper10 [10 likes]: Although I looked on the Charlie website, I didn’t see anything regarding Alzheimer’s. Is there another resource I live in Chattanooga Tennessee I don’t know if there’s anything near me for resources or help

- Keto For Alzheimer's: A Treatment Whose Time Has Come: Kind: captions Language: en-US Welcome back to "Metabolic Mind". I'm your host, Dr. Bret Scher. "Metabolic Mind" is a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group where we focus on the intersection of metabolic health and mental health and metabolic therapies like nutritional ketosis as therapies for mental illness. Today we're going to kick off a series of videos diving deeper into the topic of therapeutic nutritional ketosis as a treatment for dementia and specifically Alzheimer's dementia. Nutritionist Amy Berger literally wrote the book on using nutritional ketosis as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease called "The Alzheimer's Antidote". She joins us today to discuss two new studies that were recently published and how they fit into the overall scientific environment surrounding ketogenic therapies as an option to treat dementia. She's been called a source of sanity in the sea of nutritional madness and frequently talks about keto without the crazy. And she's also the co-author of "End Your Carb Confusion", along with Dr. Eric Westman. You can find her at tuitnutrition.com or on Twitter at Tuit Nutrition. But before we get to the interview, please remember our channel is for informational purposes only. We're not providing individual or group medical or healthcare advice or establishing a provider patient relationship. Many of the interventions we discuss can have dramatic or potentially dangerous effects if done without proper supervision. Always consult your healthcare provider before changing your lifestyle or medications. All right, so now let's get on with the interview with Amy Berger. So Amy, we heard about you in the introduction and we heard you really know you, you do a lot of different things within the world of keto, and one of them was writing this book about Alzheimer's disease and the potential use for nutritional ketosis as a treatment for cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease. So I'm curious of all the things why did you pick that to write about? - It's actually kind of a funny story. I have no family history of Alzheimer's at all, but I had been eating a low carb diet myself for a few years mainly for the purpose of weight loss. And I read the book "Good Calories, Bad Calories", which I'm sure many of the listeners and viewers here are familiar with. And Gary Tabs had a chapter in that book that focused on cancer, dementia, and aging. And it was the first place I had ever heard about a potential connection between glucose, insulin and Alzheimer's. And not having a family history, it was kind of, oh, that's interesting, but you know whatever. Like, it wasn't that fascinating to me at the time. But a few years later when I was in graduate school for nutrition and I was looking for a thesis topic, and I was still eating low carb all those years, I said you know, let me go back to that Alzheimer's thing and see is there even enough research on it? I was going to do a literature review. Is there even enough research for me to do this? And when I started looking on PubMed and on all the other search engines I could not believe how much there was. And this, we're talking now, this was 2011 so this is already a decade ago, and there was so much. The phrase type three diabetes I think was already being used at that time, brain insulin resistance. And I said, oh my goodness, I've already been learning about low carbon keto diets for a long time. How is this the first time I'm really seeing about, why is this not on the six o'clock news? And so, I wrote my thesis about the brain energy problem and the potential use of ketogenic diets in Alzheimer's. And after I graduated, I said, this, I have to get this out to the world, otherwise this is going to sit on my professor's desk and no one's ever going to see it. So I expanded upon what I wrote in school and made it into a book and I self-published it. And I was just really lucky that a publisher actually found it and offered me a book deal. I didn't have to get an agent or do a book proposal, but that 'cause I mean there was, the more the merrier as far as I'm concerned with low carb and keto books. But there were no books about this at that time. There were plenty of books about weight loss and diabetes but there was nobody really talking about the brain at that time. Now there's more, but not back then. - Well, and, and I think you really hit it that people were, were hungry for this. I mean, that's why the book publisher wanted it, because they knew there was a demand for this, because, you know, we've heard the statistics that are just devastating about how many people are suffering from Alzheimer's disease and frankly the cures or the treatments rather are terrible. Like all this money and drug research have really come up with next to nothing to dramatically delay or improve the symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. So people are really looking for something desperately. And so I think that's why your book really resonated with so many people. Like, ah, here's something that could help that we haven't heard of. So, you know, as with anything though, as with, you know, many nutritional interventions that haven't been rigorously studied in 10,000 people on randomized controlled trials, because the pharma money isn't there. And we, we've heard about all that. But as with many situations like that there's a lot we know and there's a lot we don't know. So if you were to summarize what we know about nutritional ketosis for Alzheimer's how could you, what's the, you know, the elevator pitch the one minute summary about what we know. - I don't know if this is a minute, but the main problem in the Alzheimer's brain is a fuel shortage. The brain is not getting enough fuel and the fuel shortage is specific to glucose. So we have neurons that are not receiving enough energy. So of course they're malfunctioning of course they're starting to atrophy. And we also know for certain that ketones can replace that fuel at least to some extent, maybe not a hundred percent, but if the main problem is that there is an energy gap we can use ketones to fill that gap at least a little bit, which is more than, like you said, more than any pharmaceutical drug does that that is the main thing. This is an energy shortage in the brain. And ketones, whether they come from a ketogenic diet or exogenous ketones, they can at least give a little bit of energy to these starving cells. - Yeah, and there was a paper published recently that sort of looked at the mechanisms of how nutritional ketosis can work for dementia, for Alzheimer's disease, really talking about the different fuel source with ketones, decreased neuroinflammation and decreased oxidation. So when you look at the mechanisms, what strikes you? It's the fuel source of course, like you mentioned, but what strikes you as the other potential impacts of the mechanisms there? - For me, definitely, like you said the main thing is that if, to use simple terms if the brain is starving to death which that's really what it is, let's give it some fuel. So that's number one. But to what, when we use the phrase brain insulin resistance or type three diabetes, okay, that sort of automatically implies there's something going on with glucose and insulin. And so to whatever extent that type two diabetes or metabolic syndrome and chronically high insulin even in the absence of diabetes, to the extent that any of those is actually an underlying cause of Alzheimer's or a major contributing factor then a ketogenic diet can actually be thought of as a disease modifying diet. It's not just that the ketones are giving you fuel it's that we are actually correcting the hyperinsulinemia, the hyperglycemia, the inflammation like any of these other things that might actually be causing the problem. Then at least the diet is going to address some of those underlying causes. Not to mention, I mean there's so many other mechanisms there's potentially more gaba in the brain. There's potentially more the mitochondrial biogenesis. If the problem is that we don't have enough energy let's create more little energy factories. And I don't know if they've shown this in humans, but in animal studies, ketogenic diets increase mitochondrial biogenesis, the making of new mitochondria. So it's, I mean a ketogenic diet, there are so many different things that might be contributing and it's hard to say which it is. It's probably a lot. It's not one all by itself. - Yeah, and so many great points to talk about there. So again, in this review article that I just mentioned also talked about mitochondria and and I think that's so interesting because mitochondria is a big topic at metabolic mind and about, you know, nutritional ketosis for mental illness. Thanks in large part to Dr. Chris Palmer and his book about brain energy focusing on mitochondrial function. Well the same thing holds true for dementia and Alzheimer's disease, because it's all about brain energy. You're not all about, but a big part of it is about brain energy whether you're talking about mental illness or dementia. And I really like how you brought up that it's not just the ketones in the brain. It's also the metabolic dysfunction, the insulin resistance. Which makes it so interesting and so complicated to study. Because then are we talking about just giving ketones with MCT oil or exogenous ketones or are we talking about an entire keto diet may be supplemented with MCT oil or exogenous ketones? And that's one thing that can actually sort of complicate the, the scientific field because we don't have one protocol. There's not one thing to do. There are a number of different ways to study it. And, and I guess this isn't a question. This is just me babbling so sorry about that, but I find that interesting that it does sort of complicate things. But but the other part then you talked about gaba. So there's another study that came out recently that looked at the gut microbiome and how that changed for people with cognitive decline or without starting a what they called a modified Mediterranean ketogenic diet versus an American Heart Association low fat diet. And they found a difference in the microbiome as it related to gaba. And so the conclusion was this could be potentially beneficial for Alzheimer's disease. Now that can be kind of a confusing study for people. 'cause on the one hand, the headlines would be like modified keto diet improves Alzheimer's disease. Well no, they didn't really study those outcomes. It was a, you know, a surrogate with the microbiome. So I want to get your opinion and your take on this study and what you took away from it. What do you think it contributes to what we know or don't know about keto and dementia? - Yeah, first can I just go back real quick to something you said before? You weren't just babbling. You brought up something really important which is, you know, it's hard. It does make it complex to study the diet. And that's why so much of the research on this has not used a ketogenic diet. It's used MCT oil or some type of blended MCT type of drink because at least then the researchers can isolate. Well the only thing we changed is we gave these people MCT oil. Whereas when you change somebody's diet so radically so many other things happened that you can't say, well the outcome we saw was because of this when 20 different things happened. So that's an issue. But so this study, I didn't love it, but I want to first say I'm glad that anyone is studying any of this at all. I'm glad that people are trying to dig deep and look for answers elsewhere, because like you said the existing drugs are almost useless. They are very, very disappointing. They're not that effective. It kind of like, not at all. I call myself a microbiome skeptic. I just am not so sure whether the the gut biome is the cart or the horse. So to the extent that the gut biome is going to be associated with any changes in cognitive function or anything else, is it the gut? Is it those particular strains of bacteria and those particular proportions that are causing that change? Or are those changes in the biome reflective of an overall change in metabolism? And I, the what stood out to me the most from that study was the table of the different characteristics of the participants. And I think there was only 20 something people in it. It was a small study, but if you look at the relative insulin levels, the the insulin levels between the group with mild cognitive impairment versus the people with normal cognition, the insulin levels and the people with MCI were more than double. So we're starting, they had much higher insulin levels. The A1C was tiny bit higher, they had much higher BMIs. And the body mass index is a very flawed metric. But as a whole, this group was heavier and their triglycerides were much, much higher. So what stands out to me far more than any of the the data they gathered about the the biome is the radical differences in metabolic health between these two populations. I mean, they didn't even comment on that. - That's fantastic. - It wasn't really mentioned. - Yeah. - And a drawback of the paper is that they also didn't specify what exactly these people ate. Now it may have been in some supplementary material that I didn't see there, but we don't know what, we know they were following a modified Mediterranean type of ketogenic diet versus I think it was a low fat American heart association diet, but we have no idea what they actually ate. We don't, we don't even know the compliance level. - Yeah, that's a great point. And I love how you picked up on the insulin the difference in insulin levels, which is so key. And also that the A1C was not that much different which just shows if we're looking at glucose and A1C we are missing the picture. And that's something you and I have both talked so much about in the past. That insulin levels are so key. And I think you're right. I mean, looking at a microbiome specific study, is it the cart or the horse? And for me, the much more impactful studies are the studies that like Dr. Matthew Phillips did which actually measured cognitive outcome, activities of daily living, quality of life on a 12 week crossover ketogenic diet study. Like those are the studies that are more impactful for the person and for me as a clinician. But when it comes down to looking at mechanisms and why does this work and could it be the microbiome, could it be the inflammation? What's your take? Are those as important or are those necessary? - I am by no means an expert on the biome. So in my non-expert opinion on that particular thing my hunch is that that's not the driving factor here. I think, I really think it's the brain energetics now. It's well possible that the microbiome is affecting the brain energetics. So that I sense that that's something they were hinting at in the paper. You know, what effect might these different microbial strains be having on this overall cerebral metabolism? But I don't think that this is where we are going to find the answers that we need. - Yeah, well said, well said. Now, the one thing that I am thankful for with these papers is it brings this topic back into the discussion. You know, it seems like these topics sort of wax and wane and like people get excited and talk about it and then it sort of fades from the press and people don't talk about it quite as much. And then a new study comes out and people talk about it and then it fades again. So what do you think the take home should be though for the average person who wants to either, you know do everything they can to prevent Alzheimer's disease or or they have a loved one with mild cognitive impairment, and what do you want them to know about nutritional ketosis and what they can do? - It's like you said, and I'm so glad you said it. There's a lot we don't know yet, but that doesn't mean we don't know anything, right? We do know a fair bit, and one thing we do know is that there is a brain energy shortage. And by giving the brain some ketones we can potentially correct that a little bit. And most people do have at least some improvement maybe not back to cognitively normal, but a noticeable improvement. And so to any extent that somebody already afflicted with this can follow a ketogenic diet, and it's difficult. I mean it's hard enough for somebody who's young, and healthy and cognitively intact to stick to this. One, we live in a carb centric world so it can be hard enough let alone now take someone who's elderly, who's belligerent, who's forgetful, but to whatever extent they can follow a ketogenic diet especially with family support with lots and lots of caregiving to monitor that, there is hope here. There's potential. And that's what I wish more people knew that there is some hope. There are really, really promising things being done. A lot of it by the Baszucki family in their philanthropy in this field and the fact that if you go to the Alzheimer's Association website, I haven't been there in a while but the last time I looked, there wasn't one word about this brain energy shortage, not one word. And to me that is the single most important thing that anyone dealing with this needs to understand. That that is fundamentally what this disease is. And we have ways to close that little fuel gap a little bit. And not to harp on it too much, but I do think that a ketogenic diet is going to have certain effects that just the exogenous ketones alone won't. But for somebody who's not going to follow a ketogenic diet then giving them the ketones from the outside or MCT oil can at least temporarily support their cognitive function. But I don't, the diet just has so many more wholesale effects that just the ketones don't. - Well, that concludes our interview with Amy Berger. And as you can see by her approach that's why she's so good at keto without the crazy right? That's so why she's so good at sanity and the sea of madness. She really has a good, a very good and sort of calm perspective on things which I really appreciate. And, but remember, this is the first in a series of interviews we're doing, so please come back to "Metabolic Mind" to see the rest of this series as we dive deeper into this whole concept of ketosis as a treatment for dementia. And there is quite a bit of overlap between dementia and mental illness and that's why it all sort of comes full circle. So we'll see you here again next time at "Metabolic Mind".

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cya-bebetter [14 likes]: Thank you for the continuing education. My mom died of dementia; I was diagnosed with pre-diabetes and jumped into a keto lifestyle. I feel 10 yrs younger and have dropped 55lbs in 6 months. These videos are important for me to remember why I’m living differently. I wish I had known earlier for my mom’s sake. ❤
  2. @kenadams5504 [8 likes]: One thing harder than a keto diet , is the mental health difficulty it gives me respite from.The inconveniance of avoiding carbs is outweighed by energy and mood improvements .
  3. @damianjones6546 [8 likes]: Ban sugar!
  4. @kathrynmashburn4465 [4 likes]: Low carb keto for 7 years. Recent CAC score 0!!!
  5. @SorayasFierceCookingShow [4 likes]: Thank you.
  6. @x.y.7385 [4 likes]: But what causes the lack of fuel source to the brain? Even if the person was eating junk their whole life there was glucose the brain used. Why cant it still use that glucose from the junk diet later in life? In other words, what causes the brain to stop using the junk energy it has been using for that person's whole life?
  7. @DonMorganNooPath [3 likes]: Wonderful information, I wish people would pay attention.
  8. @heavychevy4616 [1 likes]: thank u
  9. @cielitolindoseniorliving [1 likes]: 🪄✨ Made with SummarizeYT
​0:00 - Introduction to metabolic mind and the focus on metabolic health and mental health.  
​0:24 - Discussion on nutritional ketosis as a treatment for Alzheimer's dementia.  
​1:29 - Amy Berger shares her journey into writing about Alzheimer's and nutritional ketosis.  
​3:22 - The discovery of significant research on Alzheimer's and its connection to glucose and insulin.  
​5:22 - Overview of the main problem in Alzheimer's: a fuel shortage in the brain.  
​6:06 - Ketones can replace glucose as an energy source for the brain.  
​6:39 - Discussion on the mechanisms of nutritional ketosis in reducing inflammation and oxidation.  
​7:35 - Ketogenic diets may correct underlying causes of Alzheimer's, such as hyperinsulinemia.  
​8:29 - Potential benefits of ketogenic diets on mitochondrial biogenesis and brain energy.  
​9:12 - The complexity of studying the effects of ketones and metabolic dysfunction in dementia.  
​9:27 - Discussion on using MCT oil or exogenous ketones alongside a ketogenic diet.  
​10:01 - Study comparing modified Mediterranean ketogenic diet to low-fat diet and its effects on the gut microbiome.  
​11:01 - Importance of isolating variables in dietary studies to understand outcomes.  
​12:02 - Skepticism about the gut microbiome's role in cognitive function changes.  
​13:40 - Concerns about the small sample size and lack of dietary specifics in the study.  
​16:02 - Emphasis on the brain energy shortage as a key issue in Alzheimer's.  
​17:14 - Potential benefits of ketogenic diets for those with cognitive impairment.  
​18:00 - The need for awareness about brain energy shortages in Alzheimer's discussions.  
​18:34 - Comparison of ketogenic diets versus exogenous ketones for cognitive support.  
​19:06 - Invitation to follow the series on ketosis as a treatment for dementia.
  10. @racegts: The Alzheimer’s Association is NOT about a cure or good treatment! They’re only about the money!💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️💵☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
  11. @Jimt-s5p: Fantastic interview  thank you both very much
  12. @peterfrancisharris: Seems to me we can look at it in a wholistic way, as the ecology of the gut. And keto or carnivore seems, as Dr. Ken Berry says, the proper human diet.
  13. @lynnwilliams5432: I am 83 yrs and do three days 72 hrs each week.on one now in 24hr. I am always ahead of my doctor . Keep my mouth shut until he catches up. I do more with mct and butter.
  14. @guillermofuentes-w9y: gracias a ud por el video y a todos por sus comentarios, se aprende mucho y util, mi padre mejora gracias
  15. @RainerMaelger: Thanks ( German MD)
  16. @HEALTH-x7k: Since i went through a keto diet, my life is going for the better
  17. @theskyehiker: “It is conclusive” is always a clue that someone is set in their ways and not open to additional evidence.
  18. @ropeyarn: Sugar plus caffeine.
  19. @LifeofBrianP: Y'all smarties finally wakin up. Think parasitic plant/water born bacteria. I can get a Nobel Prize for this one. U read it 1st here.
  20. @1fabplanet: Amy Berger mentioned, she is sceptic in regard to the microbiome research – as mitochondria and microbiota are very close in their structure and function, what if both are affected in similar ways by the same issues related to food?
Since food systems industrialization brought a lot of changes away from the conditions we – just as all holobionts – have evolved with. To mention just a few basic but mayor issues:
- carb crops have been slected over centuries to grow faster, bigger crop, get higher calory content and weight per plant / per acre – which a.o. means much less micronutrients and plant immune system compounds per calory but much more sugars, carbs and water
- industrial water soluble fertilizers push plant growth while disincentivizing plants from cooperating with soil fungi – but soil fungi provide much of the micronutrients and the ingredients for the plant immune systems and ultimately for ours
- pesticides and fungicides do the rest to downspiral soil health, plant health, ecosystems health and inevitably ours
The shocking results of such developments can be seen in the research about nutrient density c.f bionutrient.org

- Keto Myths Debunked ⁠— Dr. Eric Westman [Top 4 myths]: Kind: captions Language: en hi this is dr. Eric Westman and I'm going to talk about the four myths of low-carb keto diets as of today it seems like the myths keep changing before I get into the myths I'd like to give you an update on the latest adapt event the adapt event pre or early ticket sales just went on sale for Tempe Arizona the Scottsdale Phoenix area and that's gonna be on October 5th if you don't know about adapt events it's a way to connect community leaders in low-carb keto and people who are already doing keto and low carb in July we went through three towns in the Midwest and these events are really exciting that it's fun their giveaways or book signings and it's my great pleasure to be together with people I've known for years in the Scottsdale Phoenix and Tempe area dr. Adam nalli will be there Dorothy Sears will be there he'll and hilts will be there then Boccaccio will be there Philip wasner will be there it's gonna be a great time so check out adapt Arizona low-carb keto living in the 21st century the tickets are on sale now so the four myths of a keto diet I think the first one still is that a nutritional ketosis kind of lifestyle is dangerous and I keep hearing that turned dangerous and I just kind of chuckled because it's not like you're near the edge of a cliff with that's danger to me you know if you're about to fall over and fall off a cliff that's danger a low-carb keto diet now has so much data in peer-reviewed randomized controlled trials in the clinical research world that it would be FDA approved like a drug as being safe and effective if there was a process for that but there is no process for that and a lot of the people who are naysayers and bringing it up all the time don't know about this new information so a nutritional ketosis is safe and in fact it's effective therapeutic for lots of the diseases I see in an internal medicine obesity medicine clinic that I run at Duke so it's not dangerous not to worry the other myth nutritional ketosis is ketoacidosis well that's not true and but that probably is one of the basis underlying things that the traditionally trained doctors and health professionals will think about and that's why they think nutritional ketosis is dangerous because they think nutritional ketosis is ketoacidosis but it's not there is no acidosis and to complicate things further there's a medication class on the market now that causes drug-induced ketoacidosis but again that's not what this is this is a lifestyle where you're not eating sugars and starches and you're running your body on fat and ketones and that's where the idea of a keto diet the name of it comes from so that your body uses ketones instead of glucose in lots of different places the next myth your brain needs glucose to function just like we were traditionally trained the brain needs glucose and well it does need just a little bit but most of the brain can run just fine on ketones and again that's where the keto diet comes in not that it's abnormal or crazy or weird to run your brain on ketones it's actually a natural thing to do when you're not eating sugars and starches so you can actually make all the glucose you need internally without eating glucose or starch starch just get digested to glucose so the brain does fine if you're not eating sugars and starches your body can make all of the glucose it needs including the glucose that your brain needs it does need a little bit final myth today how you keep hearing is you know well you can't do it long-term well and even then that's kind of the mindset of doctors who say well I'm not even gonna recommend it because no one can do it long-term well that's clearly not the case and over this last year we've been in cities around the country calculate probably a thousand people who come out on a Saturday to the adapt events and I asked everyone you know are you doing a keto diet and all the hands go up and then I asked how long people have been doing it and most of these people come out on Saturdays to hear experts at adapt keto events have been doing it for a year and a half or two years there's a something happened about two years ago in the US where people just started doing it there was less pushback from doctors so absolutely you can do it long-term I'll have people keep their hands up and kind of toggle through how many of you been doing it two years three years four years and and then I'm the only one with a hand up at 20 years in the room although the few times there's some other people and if Jackie ever steam is in the room she's been doing it longer than I have so then I don't win the competition of being able to do it long-term but absolutely you can do it long-term I've been using this in my clinic at Duke for about 13 years and many of my patients have been doing it that long all the parameters look great so that's again another myth that you can't do a long-term sure you can and I help people learn how to do it in an easy way and more and more it's easier to do it because the environment of food is changing have you seen all of the different products that are available in the grocery stores now that are compatible with a keto lifestyle that's a clear indication that more and more people are not only doing it but they're buying products that are truly low in carbs and keto friendly if you will so the formulas that it's not dangerous it's not ketoacidosis your brain needs glucose but you can get all of it that you need from what you eat and from ketones and then it's a myth that you can't do it long-term you know it reminds me of when the exercise in the 80s everyone started exercising that you can you imagine a doctor saying don't even start exercising you can't do it long-term you know and a lot of people did buy the exercise machines and they became clothes hangers coat hangers so that just doesn't make sense of course you can do it long-term it is safe and I hope to see you in the adapt events that are coming out coming down in October one just got on online for the early ticket sales save you some money there October 5th in at Arizona State University in Tempe hope to see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @lanachumley5050 [5 likes]: So grateful for your information
I`m diabetic have A1c of 5.9 was at 10 
My first public comment 
THANK You
  2. @collinriley4976 [4 likes]: As they say, keto on.
  3. @carlafox4078 [3 likes]: Are there any plans to come to houston, Texas any time in the future?
  4. @cathyplantlover2862 [2 likes]: I love the Keto woe,  I look half my age thanks to keto and feel fabulous no aches and pains.....Im on it for life! I have 1 yrs on keto w/2 yrs low carb......lost 20 lbs so far, lost inches,  Im  fit lost all my jiggly fat soon to be 56 in November but Im told I look more like 35-43 yrs old.
  5. @harryviking6347 [2 likes]: There are NO ESSENTIAL CARBS!!
  6. @gusgarcia8828 [2 likes]: Great contest as usual! Could you address potential issues that may rise with the gallbladder and pancreas due to high fat consumption...if any. It would help clear up any concerns that many of us may have.
  7. @reginapontes5672 [2 likes]: Any upcoming Adapt event coming up in the Boston, MA area? If not, please, please consider it!
  8. @ketogenicdoctorjeff8461 [2 likes]: I've been doing Keto for 11 months. Feel great. I Lost 60 lbs and lost 8 inches off my waist.
  9. @cynthiaparker6036 [2 likes]: Love keto, love Dr Westman. I always tell people to watch Dr Westman for medicinal keto vs. some of the other channels that use net carbs as commercial keto.
  10. @sherrychomicki9445 [1 likes]: I am in ketosis according to the meter and my blood sugar is around 85. I have given up carbs and include the right amount of fat in my diet and I am not losing. I am 70. Should I start counting calories?
  11. @KETODiamond [1 likes]: Keto for 2 years, so many diseases cured like a miracle (24). 133 pounds gone. I couldn't be happier!
  12. @lindaklase3821 [1 likes]: 1. The KETO Life Style is dangerous(haha)
2. Nutritional Ketosis is Keto acidosis (it’s not)
3. Your brain needs glucose to function(the brain loves Ketones..yum!)
4. You can’t do it long term( hah! It is a LIFE STYLE)
  13. @hopeking3588 [1 likes]: Here is the thing. Do what works for you. I'm carnivore 5 days a week then keto for two till I lose a lot of wieght
  14. @Max-cd8fm [1 likes]: When will you come to Washington state ?? We sure want you somewhere near Ellensburg!!
  15. @jaymecurry9350 [1 likes]: Dr. Westmen, what multi-vitamin do you prefer for a family on a keto diet? Will non plant based vitamins  get absorbed by the body? Thank you!
  16. @treenopie [1 likes]: 1:15 debunk starts here
  17. @shemaisrael1258 [1 likes]: Hi 👋 which medication can cause keto acidosis?
  18. @pamburke8614 [1 likes]: My doctor said that being in Ketosis could cause gall bladder (too much fat) and pancreas problems.   Perhaps you would address this in the future?  I appreciate your knowledge and videos.  Thank you!
  19. @taiwantaipei3913 [1 likes]: Another Good thing is the world poor can be more affordable for rice and bread...
  20. @WillN2Go1: Thanks for this. Keto videos are a terrific support network. 

I'm about a month into High Fat Low Carb, and 16 hour daily fasts. (My partner told me I'd stopped snoring, my mouth was kind of thick in the mornings. I thought maybe I was breathing through my mouth and dehydrating. Then I learned about keto-mouth. Ah ha! No clue if my keto-switch cures snoring.)
Today I was doing something interesting and blew right past my 10 am eat time. Usually I cheat about half an hour and really feel like I'm getting away with an indulgence. Today I looked up and it was 11:20 am. 'Huh, I can eat."  The last couple of days I started to hunt down all carbs and not eat 'em. It was tough, I got the 'keto flu', energy down....but thought, even if I'm doing something wrong I can't hurt myself. So I survived my carb massacre, found it difficult, but today I didn't even notice the end of my 16 hour fast. What I like about trying this is that it's been fun and interesting. There are some difficult times, but if you told me a year ago I could fast daily for 16 hours? I would've thought about those overnight and morning fasts for blood tests and thought, I am going to be very very difficult to be around. With keto? no problem. I took it to 20-22 hours the other day no big deal. 

           Something else I've noticed. It was easy for me to stop eating red meat, chicken, cheese, but bread and sugar? These are endlessly cloying and nagging. Carbs aren't booze, cigarettes or heroin, but it's a similar game. 

        Several years ago I tried the Atkin's Low Carb diet for a couple of months. I had wild dreams about cookies--that alone was worth it.  I ended up doing a half-baked Keto with no clue what was going on. I simply noticed that after a 3-4 hour hard kayak paddle I didn't feel hungry, so I didn't eat. My body would feel warmer until I ate a meal. I couldn't figure out what was going on, but after the third or fourth time I was confident that I wasn't 'coming down with something' and that  I was losing excess weight. In less than a year I shed 50 pounds and kept almost all of it off for at least ten years.  Now thanks to YouTube and better Keto information I  better understand what happened then and how to do it all the time. 

        For the past week my goal continues to be make LCHF a habit, and eliminate the carbs that sneak in. Weight loss is not yet the priority, so eat as much as I want.  I've still lost  5 pounds, but most of it recent weight gain, so fairly easy to lose. To accomplish a keto habit,  I figure eat as many HFs as I want. I bought the first cheese I've had in well over a year, am stuffing my face. I feel a bit off, but I haven't gained any weight. 

     The real test will be an annual physical blood test, blood pressure, energy levels, fitness, etc....  

I haven't told my doctor yet but expect he would just say, okay, so long as it works, but be careful. The health care system is supposed to now be practicing good health rather than just fixing sickness, but so far this is 100% of the same old, 'exercise is good for you,' 'don't over eat,'  eat 3-4 servings of vegetables.... blah-blah-blah. Anyone could write up a list of these tips and cover every one of them for the past 5 years and probably for the next 5 years. What my doctor should say is 'Kaiser has keto groups, here's how to join one. They're led by qualified medical professionals well versed in keto." I'm not going to hold my breath. 

My brain. I think I'm doing just fine. I read and write a lot, and do sudoku while watching TV. Everything else seems fine, I'm slightly off on my sudoku, which when I was more carbo would happen every few days. (I don't recommend sudoku, it's a waste of time, but it does seem-for me- to be a fairly sensitive cognition barometer.)  My currently being 'slightly off' if it has anything to do with keto I expect is just a transition. One thing I have noticed is that I'm very consistently off, so unless the top end of my cognitive ability is necessarily inconsistent and carb-dependent, I expect to level out at my old levels, but more consistently. I also have ( multi-generational many many generations) ADHD, so like exercise and consistent (& good) sleep patterns, I expect a low carb Keto diet to be an overall positive.  

        Long term? My father-in-law. Died at 89 heart attack. He smoked his whole life, but I'll bet he was also keto his whole life. His idea of a snack was half an avocado smothered in mayonnaise. (I thought he was nuts.) In restaurants he always asked for a piece of meat with a lot of fat on it, to which the wait person always! said "no problem sir, we'll get you a lean piece," and he'd have to carefully repeat what he wanted. (Of course I thought he was nuts.) He was thin, active, worked as a butcher, ate mostly Chinese food, so his main carb was rice, but never more than a bowl or two. 

    "Items now available in stores" I kind of don't get this part. I have yet to buy anything that said "keto" anywhere on it. With the exception of Dr Atkin's book, I don't think I've spent a dime on anything specifically keto. (low fat, low carb, sugar free, sure-- anyone can be suckered)

- SHORT TERM Keto May Help Brain Aging! (Improves Network Stability): Kind: captions Language: en there's new science coming at us left and right when it comes down to the brain when it comes down to brain aging okay now when we look at the ketogenic diet there's a lot of different compelling arguments that demonstrate that the ketogenic diet may be good for the brain but I want to talk today about one really cool study that took a look at what is called Network stability okay now network stability within the brain means it's it's the brain's ability to have the different regions communicate with each other so one portion of the brain communicates with another portion which communicates with another portion creating a network if we have an unstable Network then obviously the brain isn't able to function at its best okay so we end up having overall better activity of the brain if we have a strong network stability now what we've seen in other studies is that as we age we tend to have a decline in network stability so as one part of the study took a look at two large fMRI scans aggregating a total of 928 participants okay so what they did is they looked at these fMRI scores and they saw that there was a strong correlation between age and network stability okay so they notice that as network stability tended to go down or degrade it seemed to link up with age so the older someone got ultimately the worse the network stability was they also determined that network stability and cognitive scores and what this means is that not only is network stability declining with age but network stability is linked to the cognitive decline so could this just be the overall reason that as we age we tend to lose a little bit of cognitive function so they've noticed that destabilization tends to start around the age of 47 but it reaches its max decline around the age of 60 what this tells us is that we start to have cognitive decline and network stability decline long before we ever notice symptoms which implies that we could add a layer of protection earlier on in life to potentially prevent that network stability from breaking down in the first place so this is where the study gets interesting and actually conducts two different experiments the first experiment took a look at 12 participants okay and have them do an overnight fast and then it had them consume either a standard Western diet or a keto diet okay here's where it gets kind of interesting okay the standard Western diet had a decent degree of network stability breakdown right it just wasn't as good the ketogenic diet actually increased Network stability now I mean we can't jump to conclusions and say that kita is gonna automatically do this we also have to look at well is glucose just impairing it yadda yadda but they also took it one step further and they took a look at cognitive performance they found that as a general rule the ketogenic diet led to a better cognitive performance as well so again it adds up more network stability more cognitive performance okay so standard American diet definitely not that good but let's look a little bit deeper at glucose versus ketones as fuel in the second part of the experiment they took a look at 30 participants in this case and they gave participants either a glucose drink or an ISO caloric ketone drink and what I mean by that is it was ketones but I have the same amount of calories as the glucose drink well guess what once again the ketones ended up improving network stability so this study demonstrates or at least implies that ketones have sort of a protective mechanism against the breakdown that we would get with age so we start linking all these different correlations together we have some pretty strong power we also see a lot of different links with brain aging as regards to inflammation and everything like that now the trick is when you're doing any kind of ketogenic diet trying to consume foods that are cleaner trying to consume foods that are gonna have less sort of that carbon footprint on your body I will go ahead and say if you want to check out Sun warrior down below they have some pretty cool options in terms of like keto shakes and keto meal replacement stuff like that they have one particular meal replacement that I'm a big fan of it's called lean meal so I highly recommend you check them out they also support this video and sponsor some of the content that I put out here so big thank you to them best way that you can support this channel is by supporting them so highly recommend you check them out especially their warrior blend and that lean meal you're not going to be disappointed with that which kind of leads me to talk a little bit about any kind of ways to increase ketone production in a natural way within your body the reason this is a perfect tie-in is if we look at given proteins we look at given plant-based proteins and trust me I'm not a plant-based guy but I'm just talking about ways of getting different fuels in your body when you look at the way that plants fibers are broken down within the gut they create something called butyrate and butyrate just like the name beta-hydroxybutyrate is very very molecular ly similar to ketones okay so ketones are beta-hydroxybutyrate it broken-down plant fibers get broken down into butyrate so butyrate see the similarity all we have is a hydroxy group okay so when you consume veggies or when you consume fibers or we consumes Chia things like that you're gonna have a breakdown into butyrate which hasn't demonstrated in some studies to actually turn in to ketones there's a 1962 paper that was technically was done on rats but it's still interesting they found that butyric acid or butyrate did get converted into ketones within the liver so what I'm getting at is you don't have to just have fat to create ketones you can potentially have some fiber and be able to create some ketones too which means you could be doing it at a little bit of a lower caloric rate you could also be doing it with some digestive benefit too so anyhow it's just interesting however we can improve the level of ketones in our bodies without necessarily increasing calories the reason that I say this is because caloric restriction in general has been demonstrated in multiple studies to be very powerful at enhancing brain function enhancing brain performance and even overall just healthy aging of the brain so how do we do that on a ketogenic diet when most of the foods that we're consuming are calorically dense there's ketone supplementation which I'm not always the biggest fan of but then there's also ways of getting your body to create more ketones in a cleaner way MCTS proper fibers proper exercise utilizing fasting so any ways that you can create more ketones so you can get the actual healing effect of ketones without the extra calories is a win anyhow I'm just here to relay the science as always keep it locked in here in my channel and I'll see you tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericwintczak8020 [2 likes]: Thomas, I say this earnestly with concern 
 your voice sounds either sick - or more likely, worn.. 
.. It's common if you talk a lot; I can imagine you do this with as busy as you are. (as a teacher, I get this)
I can recommend a few tricks.
- echinacea tea (throat coat)
-vocal warm-ups
-speaking from the diaphragm
Additionally - avoiding smoke and acidic things, drinking water, etc.
And/Or chew a purple cone flower - it's weird but relieving; they were once used as an oral "surgery" anesthetic
  2. @ramblin_man23 [1 likes]: 2:57 yummy rewind and play again over and over.
  3. @maritzaramirez9193: My husband was sooo excited and happy that he found you! He was sooo excited and was going to follow all your advice! He was sooo happy and addicted to see your videos!!!! Would spend all day watching your videos!!!! He introduce me to it and we were sooo excited to follow your advice!!! Unfortunately he left me July 18. God called him and now he is in heaven.  He loved you even without even knowing you! Would always talk to his friends about you! Thank you because of you he changed his life style and lost 26 pounds before passing away. Thank you
  4. @TheCJUN: Would prolonged fasting mirror the same effects?
  5. @WestlyLaFleur: Ketones are better for your brain, shocker there, lol.
  6. @heidih3048: You are looking ill. Maybe it's the gray hollows around your eyes, and the way your face looks yellower than your neck and arms.
  7. @nieczerwony: Sun worrior? Nah thanks. Overpriced mobs that do all for money.
  8. @NordKristal1kristal: Like perfect
  9. @cindyaustin7781: Thomas - I have followed you for a while - have a challenge - I have MS and it advises grains, etc.... do you have a video that addresses this?
  10. @SmallWhiteJewDick: I hope the keto police don't find carb-cain on me
  11. @janinevaldez1506: I used your link for butcher box but no discount came up🙃
  12. @johnmirbach2338: cool 😁✌🖖👌👍😎++++++++++
  13. @simran7062: Every thomas video - Go keto, Do fasting and thats all
  14. @R00RAL: Dude, when you rang & said I wanna look like you in the morning .. I never thought .. lol
  15. @LimonySnik: I really needed this information. I have epic brain fog that affects my job performance. Not being able to remember things or forgetting what I’m doing while I’m doing it is taking a toll on my quality of life. I am only in my 30s! I’m too young to be worried about this. Keto it is. Thank you so much
  16. @MrMiisoBlack: I'm fairly new to this channel and I just want to thank you Thomas for all the information you're giving out.  I recently just started my fitness Youtube channel and I'm very happy to have come across this channel.   Take care and have an amazing day.
  17. @MichaelUnfiltered1721: I just found a kid who does better HIIT training that. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCt89VSRe4w
  18. @Kascru798: Apparently Vince from V Shred is now trying to copy u lol
  19. @inspectorsteve2287: I just started watching your channel. I injured my back and got up to 250lbs. I'm down to 200lbs now. I believe you said you got up to 280lbs. When you lost your weight did you have extra skin? I'm showing signs I might. If so did you have surgery to remove it or did working out tighten it back up?
  20. @teresapipal691: I would love if you could put together a video on keto maintenance after you hit your optimum weight.  What is the best way to cycle in and out of keto etc.  I am seeing some hair loss and I am hopeful this will stop if I add some carbs back in periodically.  Just not really sure what or how to do that for best health results.   Love your videos and information!  I Have followed you for 6 months now and lost 50 lbs and am at my goal weight now.  Thank you!

- MENTAL BENEFITS of the Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is dr. Bosworth and today I'm gonna do a short clip on the benefits for your brain on ketosis I'll be honest when I first went on the ketogenic diet my mother was suffering with a severe and long term illness in the form of cancer and I was really doing the ketogenic diet as a way to support her in her journey but it didn't take long for me to see that the hype I had heard about ketogenic diets and the improved mental function was very measurable and easy to see what they were talking about that's what kept me on the ketogenic diet for the last two-and-a-half years and I really thought that I would not be able to concentrate this long ever again I thought it was a youthful option and when he grew to in your 40s you aren't gonna have that option anymore I was wrong the mental benefits of continued cognitive stamina and mental processing ability to handle stress has been the reason I've continued on the ketogenic diet since then there's been quite a bit of information that's come out on how does the ketogenic diet help with that brain function and why the brain enjoys and is able to use sugar or glucose whenever it's available so by lowering the sugars and increasing the ketones in a ketogenic diet you'll often hear patients talk about that first couple of weeks how they go through a depressive phase or they have a they feel very heavy or depressed but what happens after that is that the brain cells become more adapted to the ketogenic diet and are able to use the fuel of ketone to power their function as they get better adapted at using that ketone the mental function grows more and more into one of the best performances that I think the brain can do the chronic diseases that impact your brain such as Parkinson's depression insomnia sleep apnea memory problems are all linked to an increased state of inflammation in the brain this is at a microscopic level and many times patience don't know that they have a swollen areas of their brain from that chronic illness but what they often notice is when they've switched to a ketogenic diet about second third and specifically the fourth week of using ketones as fuel they are all much more aware at how tolerant they are of changes in their life they don't get nearly as stressed out their sleep is deeper and again that mental performance is as if you've turned back time and their brain is acting like it was ten years ago it's been this benefit that I find continues to attract my colleagues and my patients to sustain the ketogenic diet that it only takes a couple of slip-ups to go off of the ketogenic diet to feel how sluggish my brain can get how irritable I can be when I've when I've fallen off the weigh-in onto a non ketogenic diet most importantly my patients who really do suffer from some major chronic illnesses have all been able to feel the benefits and many of them lower some of the medications used to regulate and help those brain diseases I hope this was helpful click the link below if you'd like more information or if you're interested in a deeper dive into ketosis you can check out my book anyway you can at the link below thanks [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @bernardthefourth [24 likes]: Keto really fixed my mental health issues.
  2. @paulina7539 [10 likes]: I'm only on week 3 of being in ketosis, but the mental benefits are undeniable. Better mood, much higher resistance to stress, and the focus! The ability to focus and the clarity makes me feel like a super human. And it's very hard to describe to someone who hasn't experienced it.

I've had a life-long struggle with depression and have a highly stressful job, but ketosis really does change how I feel about living and how I react to life events. My mom even said she could hear it in my voice, without seeing me in person. 

I do have a lot of weight to lose, and that was the initial reason I went keto,  but the mental benefits might become and even more important factor for me long-term.
  3. @eileeng.7110 [9 likes]: I am 88, on no medication, have been following the ketogenic diet + IF (2 meals a day 1pm and 6pm) for about 6 weeks in order to get rid of craving for sweet things. Take little exercise because of back injury (difficult to stand for long or walk much). Inspired by you, bought your book (lent it to 3 people). Would like to continue in this life style. For the last two days my ketone strips , taken an hour or so after 1st meal, show between  4. O and 8.0. Is this too high? I am in Ireland.
  4. @cptpapa [8 likes]: Came into keto to lessen the weight on an arthritic hip but stay for the improved mental health.
  5. @vexcarius7100 [8 likes]: I noticed that my mind is a bit clearer now. It definitely decreased my overthinking habits and anxiety. I also noticed that I tend to be a bit sleepy earlier during night time.
  6. @familyman2480 [3 likes]: It’s extremely helpful when you tell us how your patients are benefiting from the ketogenic diet. 

I started the Ketogenic Diet with my wife, to help her with weight loss ( all the while I’m thinking to myself, there’s no way that I can just stop eating sugar, and bread, it’s impossible no one can do this. ( Actually we started with the carnivore diet then switched to Keto after six weeks. I told myself I would hide my sweet treats around the house and eat them in the car before I got home so that I wouldn’t tempt her lol).
The first week , My sugar cravings started to decrease. By the third week I was completely free of my sugar addiction, the brain fog lifted, I started losing weight and full of energy ,without any exercise‼️. 

I took all of the “sweet treats” that was in my house, And got rid of it. noodles, pasta’s etc., anything that turned to sugar, and I got it all out of my house. In May will be our second year on this diet and we’re loving it.
  7. @jeffreyadams648 [2 likes]: Love the short clips!
  8. @EllencyOfficial [2 likes]: Hello Dc. I'm on day 2 of the keto. I feel alone because my mother (who should really do it, she's pre diabetic) doesn't do it, and also my girlfriend says she'll miss the Chinese take aways we used to do lol. My mood on day 1 was strangely amazing, whilst today a bit less. But I do have faith that this diet , id done correctly, will seriously have huge benefits in the long term, so I'll stick to it!
  9. @BarrowsHandler [2 likes]: Thank you. I was about to say screw the diet because of the depressive phase, and last night I had a burger with the bun and really enjoyed it lol, but I'm telling myself just stick it out for a few more weeks.
  10. @ameralgayar4931 [2 likes]: Thank you very much for the wonderful video
  11. @garysimone4977 [1 likes]: Who had had success with depression / ãnixity  with keto ??
  12. @kranthiganta4488 [1 likes]: Thank you Doctor
  13. @SCM1949 [1 likes]: Thank you‼️
  14. @georgiannfibbe6026 [1 likes]: great videos
  15. @Johanna-qf1yx: I have major and debilitating inflammation in my brain. This is saving my life. I cannot tell u. I was so desperate I was gonna kill myself. This is a God sent!!
  16. @ClemHD: Dr. Bosworth, thank you so much for your video !
  17. @MikeKollin: ReallY? Huh? I know a multitude of people, clients who are on this diet and they are all very emotional, high stress people.
Extremely Edgy, almost holding back anger and very narrow minded / thinking... I was just now searching to find out if the Keto diet causes anxiety and stress, anger and emotional problems in people.... I've noticed this in people for the last 3 years... is there any truth to this or just a coincidence? Thank you!
  18. @AIMS123M: Yes that's true m feeling all Sam me benefits before and after m enjoying ketosis
  19. @megaswenson: Wonderful information and delivery.  But those sleazy little cartoon images are offensively downmarket, and reduce your credibility.
  20. @fabiojr15: Why it low libido?

- Intermittent Fasting Effects on Wrinkles and Skin: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about the effects of fasting for your skin and especially wrinkles so I am basing this video off of several studies I put them down below so you can check them out but there's some interesting effects that fasting has on your skin number one it delays something called vascular cell senescence okay now what does that mean it's aging of your vascular system so in young skin you have all this collagen elastin which is the elastic protein that allows things to be very very resilient and flexible you have good vascular system you have good hydration and aging skin you're losing the hydration you're losing the nutrients losing the elastin the collagen and the vascular system other than that you're totally fine so number one you can delay the aging of the vascular system number two it prevents oxidative stress now when you do fasting all sorts of interesting things happen at the genetic level because you're mimicking starvation so the body goes into this repair mode and your body starts building up its antioxidant defense and mechanism so you get more antioxidants and that will prevent oxidation or oxidative stress which is occurring from the environment from food to sunlight radiation and other stresses with fasting you're stimulating autophagy and that is a condition where your body is recycling damaged proteins in the skin and the cell and the brain all over but especially in the skin so you're actually able to recycle the old damaged proteins and your body is actually making new proteins so it has an anti-aging effect on your skin also if you do periodic prolonged fasting you can stimulate the stem cells in the skin and that will help the body make new skin as well now the other thing that fasting will do is increase dermal vasculature there's a certain protein in the body that is stimulated that will increase the blood vessels to the skin which brings nutrients and oxygen because remember when you have aging skin you lose the blood supply to the skin fasting will also stimulate something called IGF insulin growth factor number one which will increase the growth of collagen so we can increase more collagen there's a lot of other things that will happen with certain enzymes that get triggered increasing more elastin which makes your skin more flexible and look younger also your inflammation in your skin goes down if you have some type of inflammatory condition less glycation that's a situation where your proteins become very very damaged and rigid and fasting will help decrease that effect as far as the best thing you can consume for the skin especially for wrinkles it would be cod liver oil you can get that in a liquid or in a capsule or in a tablet or in a little pearl the cod liver oil has some amazing omega-3 fatty acids DHA and EPA and also gives you vitamin D and vitamin A all four of those things are great for the skin if you consume foods high in vitamin C sauerkraut leafy greens you will also improve your skin and lastly vitamin E is really good for the skin too just so happens that would be in leafy greens certain nuts in certain seeds alright thanks for watching and I will see you in the next video so I wanted to say thank you so much for watching my videos I really really appreciate it now if you have benefited from my information or videos and want to share it with the world I would love to have you write up a success story so click the link down below fill it out and let's let people know the benefits of healthy keto and intermittent fasting

  Top Comments:
  1. @re-vs1ch [19 likes]: my wrinkle improved 50% after 3 weeks of clean intermittent fasting. I started intermittent fasting by chance due to loss of appetite for stress from work. I ate only 600 calories for 2 weeks with 6/18 fasting. lost 8% of weight, but skin got a lot better
  2. @sargentmahoney8 [2 likes]: Why they never tell us this at school. We are told to eat 3 meals a day !
  3. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  4. @JohnDoe-on6ru [1 likes]: Keto or IF?

-Why not both?
  5. @lenevadpedersen9018: Really interesting ☀️. I already do intermittent fasting and love it. After how many hours/days can you call it prolonged?
  6. @swapnashil-p7r: Does it reduce my Whiteheads?
  7. @frankyesjosh587: Je  fais  le  jeune intermittent  depuis  4 mois  ;  depuis  je  pete   deux  fois  plus  fort   , ma  femme  m'a  enfin quitter  .
  8. @jenniferklekamp677: I ❤ you Ty Ty Ty Ty God Bless you
  9. @shraddha5140: "I am 33 years old and had a lot of acne scars, but 24-hour fasting reduced my acne scars significantly in only 3 days"
  10. @NectarsofKrishna: Pls make a video on perimenopause and intermittent fasting will bring it early or no relation to it
  11. @freedomdance7: Interesting, because I've been fasting 8/16 for a month and a half now, and yesterday, looking in the mirror, I realized that the wrinkles and folds on my neck have reduced by about 50%.
The fine lines around my eyes have also disappeared.
Honestly, I'm in shock.🙏
  12. @ifsaghafoor: I  am a 23 year old girl and i want to do fasting for ots benefit but i don't want loose my weight as i am already slim now i don't know what to do. Sir please make video how can we do fasting without losing weight
  13. @ntombilanga3541: I looked my best when I practised alternate day fasting and ate high animal protein on feast days. Within 2 weeks I looked 20 years younger. Guys half my age were hitting on me! 😂
  14. @calliegal235: I've watched your videos for years. We can see the healthy effects you've achieved.
  15. @sinag758: Does anyone here reduce their acne scars with fasting
  16. @LauraHicks-p3c: I Had Been IF for Years Before it Had a Trendy Name... Didn't Know What it was I Just knew it Kept Me in Shape for Sports, Weight and Great Feeling! Went Through the Change at 60 😮and Almost Stroked Out Seeing Skin Changes.  I Bounced Back in One Year from Hot Flashes and other Symptoms...But the Weight Gain Was Challenging and I Always Had Sported a Flat Tummy... Pretentious Yes But I Did it All Those Years with Hard Work and Exercise...So NowvI am IF 18 / 20 / 24 Hours...Its Slow Going But the Skin is Showing Improvement! Thank You for Your Wisdom!! 🙌
  17. @kupiiiiii7457: Dr i drink butter in coffee for my adrenal glands as my both ovary remove can i continue this during eating windows in intermediate fasting as i am putting weight
  18. @af8776: Can using Trentinoin be harmful to your face and cells?
  19. @ÅkeSvensson-r6p: If you're a vegetarian, what to take instead of cod liver oil ...
  20. @bradstell2146: How about Sardines?

- Keto Diet: Anti Aging & Longevity Benefits: Kind: captions Language: en Keto diet and longevity. So most people realize that keto is great for burning fat and losing weight but then they hear on the other side a lot of opponents claiming that the body needs carbohydrate and if you cut it out too extremely you won't live as long and it's unhealthy and side-effects and so forth so let's take a really close look at the mechanisms and what's really going on here. So there's a lot of studies out but one review study I found which was interesting was ketone bodies mimic the lifespan extending properties of caloric restriction so back in 1935 they found out that rats lived longer if you fed them less so they reduced their diet they reduced their caloric intake basically starved them by feeding them 30 to 50 percent less than a normal rat would eat and they found when they did that continuously then the average lifespan of the rat went from 500 days to 820 days so about a 60% increase in longevity and ever since then there has been this association between calorie restriction and longevity and they've been able to duplicate this in a number of different species so it's not just like rats they've done it with tiny tiny things like yeast or nematodes or fruit flies but they also done it with mice and primates so what is it about calorie restriction that makes you live longer that's what they try to figure out and they had different theories maybe it's that the cells turn over slower there's less wear and tear maybe it's that the body fat is reduced when you starve the rats maybe the fat is so bad that it it's to sit on your body that it it does bad things and makes you live shorter maybe it's the inflammation because we all know inflammation is is bad and starving reduces overall inflammation may be body temperature because once you restrict once you starve it the body thinks I don't have as much to burn so I better conserve it and turn down the furnace I can last a little longer or insulin they've noticed that a lot of these things seem to do with insulin so let's look at insulin just a little bit closer and realize that insulin is what they call a mitogenic hormone what that means is it increases mitosis and mitosis is cell division or cell replication so anytime a cell makes a copy of itself then it divides one time and they found that you only have so many copies available it's called a hayflick limit and it's tied in to longevity and telomeres and so forth which is a genetic marker of how long you can live based on these cell divisions and we found that insulin increases the turnover rate it increases the rate at which cells make copies so that can be good in terms of of growth or repair but it can be really really bad because it also increases cancer because it makes the cancer cells turnover and replicate faster too and it's been associated with atherosclerosis because it makes the first of all it increases inflammation and a lot of the plaquing is in response to that but it's also been shown to increase the formation of the a thoroughness of the atherosclerosis which leads to heart disease and of course it's been linked to aging because insulin if it tends makes the cells turnover faster then it increases the rate of aging so when we look back because they could never quite figure out which one of these is it but once we look at this we realize that insulin has to do with virtually every single one of them because insulin increases the turnover insulin is a fat storing hormone insulin is inflammatory increases inflammation body temperature I don't know if that would be directly linked specifically to insulin and of course the insulin is linked to insulin so most of the reasons for the mechanism is tied to insulin so what happens when we storm the rats well there's two things that always go together first is that we reduce insulin because insulin is there to process carbohydrates and when you eat less you're gonna eat less carbohydrates there's less need for insulin you're also going to increase ketones so these always go together insulin and less insulin and more ketones they always go together and it is always healthy it's always favorable except in one case and that is in type 1 diabetes when the insulin goes to zero and then the ketones go sky-high which is a pathologic disease condition as long as you have the ability to make some insulin then it is healthy to increase the ketones and there's different ways to increase the ketones so we know it happens in starvation or in fasting which is prolonged periods of not eating whether it's voluntary or involuntary fasting is generally considered voluntary and starvation's considered involuntary exercise will increase ketones and low carb diets with increased ketones so the question then becomes which one is it that produces the beneficial results is it less insulin or is it more ketones and we don't have a clear answer on this but we don't really have to worry about it because one always follows the other so if we get one we always get the other they both seem to have tremendous benefits to themselves if we reduce insulin we reduced 95% of all degenerative disease when we increase ketones we tend to get certain observable benefits as well we can treat various different conditions with it we know obesity and diabetes improve with ketosis but they've also found a lot of other neurological conditions that have pretty much been resistant or they didn't get any results at all until they tried ketones and things like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and ALS really severe neurological diseases tend to get better with more ketones one more thing that ketones do is they're metabolized differently inside the cell inside your cell you have mitochondria which produce most of the energy for you the vast majority of all energy used is in the mitochondria and they have different pathways and it turns out the ketones go through a more efficient pathway they can bypass a step or two and therefore they can produce more ATP or more of your energy currency per unit of oxygen so it's more efficient and it produces less damage less oxidative damage by burning ketones and burning other sources of fuel and one thing we have to realize which this is my opinion based on a bigger perspective and a way of observing things naturally is you don't improve all these different conditions you can't improve such a wide variety of condition by making someone less healthy so the biggest detractor for the opponents the biggest argument is that sure it helps for for obesity and diabetes but we don't know the long-term effects we it's it's bad for this or you have to have carbs or fat is is bad and they're pulling these statements but they can't really put the picture together but the one picture I want to keep in mind is if it brings together if you'd improve such a wide variety of conditions then it's not a bad thing So ever since 1935 when they first figured this out the calorie restriction has been a huge topic it's been something that people say oh yeah if only I could do that if only I could restrict my calories for the rest of my life then I would live a whole lot longer but the problem is when you starve yourself then unless you want to be a rat and they put you in a cage and just feed you half of what you want to eat you're not going to be able to keep it up because hunger doesn't feel good the vast majority of people are not going to be able to keep it up so we know that calorie restriction improves insulin and ketosis reduces insulin increases ketones but you get hungry so wouldn't it be nice if there was a way that you could reduce insulin and increase ketones without going hungry and I know I've heard about something I think there's there's something I've I heard that could do that but no wait wait here it's coming to me oh yeah the ketogenic diet that's what it is because when people do that they reduce insulin they increase ketones but they don't go hungry and this is not so easy to understand for people who haven't tried it but once you try then you notice that your body wants fewer meals because fat is very satisfying then you can go longer between meals so in the end you end up eating a little bit less maybe not less calories probably a little bit but maybe not but the main thing you get is reduced insulin and increased ketones so you get these anti-aging benefits you get all these health benefits because it is primarily about the insulin and possibly some about the key but it's certainly not about the calories the reducing of the calories only results in changed insulin and ketones it's not the calories per se so please share this video with anyone that you care about because we want to get as many people as possible healthy we want to help people understand the true principles the true mechanisms around health not just memorize a laundry list of things to do because that's short-lived but once we understand the mechanisms the big picture then we can start creating a long term healthy lifestyle so leave your comments and questions below and thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @drekberg [13 likes]: 🔷 Watch This Next: Keto Long Term? Is The Keto Diet Dangerous? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y56dOMtSYAY&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR5EEi0BfBp2P7I5FyQKjaSd
  2. @Slim__Glowing [4 likes]: This video is incredibly encouraging! Seeing so many people share their positive experiences with keto, especially long-term, makes the science even more compelling. Thanks for breaking down the benefits in such an accessible way!
  3. @yaicherabah2652 [4 likes]: I am 61 . I have not been sick for many many years . Not even a cold or flew : no more than 2 meals daily ; no breakfast : fasting 16 hrs daily ; I eat a lot of fat abt 40 :50% of my diet :I have a body a40 year old can only dream of . One prob I got : wife watching me more !!!
  4. @JesusBelieverDiane [2 likes]: I’ve noticed I have less white hair and my skin looks amazing 🤩
  5. @davewilson1591 [1 likes]: You answer all these questions I have had for soo long.  I have spent a lot of time in thought about many of the processes that you so elegantly explain. I'm amazed over and over by your videos. They continue to delve into areas that, for a lay person, there just aren't any answers that are readily available. I thank you again and will continue to view your videos.
  6. @StephenAKatz: Why don't you just admit that you have no studies to present which show that a ketogenic diet increases life expectancy?
  7. @LindaLight-es4qr: " How Old Are You ?? " I'm Looking for that !!
  8. @CharlesONeill-i9u: I have been living the keto/carnivore lifestyle for many years. With alot of success. But, not total success.  I watched this video today for the second time. One thing I heard was that EXERCISE had many of the same effects as fasting or keto lifestyle.  Recently, I increased exersize alot for someone who was 70 and very active. I am feeling alot of benefits.  Sleep is much better. I pray this is the missing link. Thanks.
  9. @merlinwizard1000: 177th, 19 October 2024
  10. @merlinwizard1000: 176th, 16 October 2024
  11. @s.zander6211: Hope, your Channel will grow and grow and grow and …..
  12. @josen-ol: Fantastic❤
  13. @SarahLongos: Best doctor i know
  14. @krakraichbinda: It is just simply lower entropy production.
  15. @krakraichbinda: A restrictive ketosis would be harmful via acidification. But together with basic vegetables it turns to be powerful tool for longevity.
  16. @gulashamkhalli8173: Thank you!Great!❤️
  17. @mainstreet-mastery: I really appreciate how Dr. Ekberg approaches making the transition onto ketogenic diet. I've failed a few times and I realize it was only because I dove into the deep end on it rather than learning how to swim first. Since I've been watching his videos, I've been able to drastically lower my carbs and feel for the first time that I will eventually get there all the way with lasting change. Thanks for imparting such great wisdom and coaching!!
  18. @evis.h2226: My Hero ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ n yet very funny 😂😂😂
  19. @ravijha4767: Why most of diabetic people having insomnia. How to improve good sleep. Also want to fasting sugar.
  20. @kanchankothari4301: Ur great Dr

- Is Low Carb an "Anti-Aging" Diet?: Kind: captions Language: en can a keto or low carb diet help you age better absolutely if it's based on Whole Foods and meats to your essential nutrition needs I'm low carb dietitian Francisca spritzler and today I'll explain how eating a keto or low carb diet can promote optimal aging inside and out and I'll also share a few foods that have research supporting their health benefits first I just want to say that I'm not a huge fan of the term anti-aging because it makes me think of overpriced skin treatments I really prefer healthy aging which doesn't mean we're against aging but that we just want to have a higher quality of life as we grow older second a keto or low carb diet isn't a fad diet it's a lifestyle that can be followed indefinitely I started eating low carb back in 2011 when I was 44 and I'm 56 now so I've been eating low carb for 12 years and I have no plans to stop plus I know many other healthy people who have been eating keto or low carb for longer than I have in some cases much longer for example Dr Richard Bernstein or as he is affectionately known to his thousands of fans around the world Dr B of course many factors influence how we age including our genetics medical conditions stress sleep and others but I believe that a nutritious keto or low carb diet can help promote healthy aging especially in people who have diabetes or metabolic issues and it's never too early or too late to start making dietary changes here are four healthy aging benefits of Keto and low carb elevated blood sugar levels accelerate the aging process most people who have diabetes end up living fewer functional years due to blood vessel and organ damage caused by years of uncontrolled blood sugar in multiple clinical trials very low carb diets have been shown to dramatically reduce blood glucose and insulin levels in people with type 2 diabetes and low carb can help improve long-term Health in those with type 1 diabetes as well in a 2018 study of over 300 people with type 1 diabetes the majority reported that they maintained normal blood sugar levels by following a very low carb diet based on Dr Bernstein's recommendations chronic inflammation is common during the aging process studies suggest that ketones have anti-inflammatory effects throughout the body including the brain in fact ketogenic diets have been described as being both anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective meaning they help protect the brain and nervous system from damage to learn much more about how to keep your brain healthy including during the aging process I highly recommend Dr Chris Palmer's book Brain energy I'll link to it in the description below one of the leading contributors to the aging process is the formation of advanced glycation and products or ages glycation occurs when sugars like glucose react with proteins lipids and nucleic acid in your body glycation can damage blood vessels skin tendons and other tissues although ages occur in everyone and can't be prevented high levels are problematic studies show that excessive formation of Ages in the body can speed up the aging process and also contribute to diabetes heart disease and other chronic conditions high blood sugar levels encourage the formation of Ages so eating a keto or low carb diet can help by keeping blood sugar well controlled long term a major contributor to loss of mobility and functionality in older adults is loss of muscle and bone which speeds up dramatically after age 50. when combined with resistance exercise a protein-rich low carb diet may help prevent muscle and bone loss in our later years Health vitality and quality of life are all much more important than our looks but I would like to talk about the potential skin benefits of a low carb lifestyle your skin is your body's largest organ and although its appearance doesn't always reflect what's going on inside there is a correlation between skin health and overall health skin aging is influenced by the same factors that influence overall aging along with sun exposure and once again nutrition plays a major role sub-optimal intake of protein essential fatty acids vitamins and minerals can cause your skin to look old before its time and high levels of those Advanced glycation end products or ages that I talked about earlier have been linked to premature skin Aging in several studies in addition to your body producing ages they're also found in food and some foods have very high levels of Ages these include baked goods like pastries and donuts battered and deep fried foods like french fries and highly processed foods like chips and unfortunately grilled meat which I love is also high in ages I am not about to give up eating grilled meat and I'm not suggesting that you do either but maybe consider switching it up with some meat cooked at lower temperatures rather than having grilled meat every single day back in 2015 I published a book called the low carb dietitian's guide to Health and Beauty in one chapter entitled low carb Beauty Foods I listed 10 foods that were linked to better skin and improved health and I cited references to support my claims but unfortunately some of the research was based on pre-clinical studies meaning studies and test tubes or animals which isn't considered strong evidence like clinical trials in humans now there's nothing wrong with eating nutritious low-carb foods like olive oil and olives full fat Greek yogurt and berries in fact I eat them all the time there's no denying that they're good for you but whether they actually improve the appearance of aging skin hasn't been proven quite yet the truth is researchers rarely studied the effects of specific Foods on health and even less often when it comes to the effects of specific Foods on skin aging but I'm going to share four of the foods from my original list plus a new one that do have some high quality evidence supporting their effects on healthy aging inside and out avocados are rich in healthy fat potassium and fiber research shows that avocado May improve your lipid profile decrease oxidation of LDL cholesterol and improve the elasticity and firmness of your skin fatty fish like salmon sardines and Herring are rich in protein omega-3 fats vitamin D and many minerals including selenium studies show that eating fatty fish May improve blood vessel function reduce some risk factors for heart disease and increase facial skin elasticity dark chocolate and cocoa are high in antioxidants called flavonols as well as magnesium studies show that consuming cocoa or dark chocolate with at least 85 percent cacao can improve insulin sensitivity decrease inflammation and help protect your skin from sun damage nuts and seeds contain healthy fats magnesium and fiber studies show that eating nuts and seeds May improve your lipid profile decrease inflammatory markers and reduce skin wrinkling and pigmentation but so far only almonds and flaxseed have been tested for their effects on skin in high quality human trials collagen is 100 protein although it's considered incomplete protein because it lacks the essential amino acid tryptophan collagen is made from the bones cartilage and skin of meat or fish and of all the foods that I'm talking about today it has by far the most high quality scientific evidence supporting its effects on skin aging and it may have some other health benefits as well studies show that taking collagen peptides can reduce joint pain help prevent further bone loss in women with osteopenia and decrease skin wrinkling while increasing hydration and elasticity so I encourage you to include one two or all five of these Foods in your keto or low carb diet if you like them they may very well provide some specific benefits for your health and your skin but your overall diet matters a lot more than any one specific food so for healthy aging I feel that the three most important things you can do nutritionally are to one get adequate protein and other essential nutrients two keep your blood sugar well controlled and three eat keto or low carb or at least avoid excess carbs sugar and other highly processed foods what do you think about my advice for healthy aging please ask any questions or share your own experience with keto or low carb in the comments thanks so much for watching and for liking subscribing and sharing I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Enoch828 [2 likes]: I started keto/low carb 13 months ago at age 66 and have lost 50lbs and greatly improved my blood values.  Do you have any advice on how to locate a local doctor that is sympathetic, not hostile to this life style?
  2. @mirror-reflection [2 likes]: I've been finding this out for myself these past few months as I've been reducing my dietary carb intake.  Decided that most of my carbs are not very nutrient-dense anyway, so why am I eating so much of it?  Shifted to a primarily organic diet also, and found a big increase in energy!
  3. @Sophie-xy1jd [2 likes]: Great video. Yay for avocadoes. Dr, Bernstein's my hero. Encourage everyone to get your book,
  4. @mickiegibbs3216 [2 likes]: You are a great example of the healthy aging benefits of a low carb diet! Hope you're doing well!
  5. @diavergediabetes [1 likes]: Great video, Franziska! 💪Thanks for the shout out to both Dr. Richard K. Bernstein and Dr. Chris Palmer. We're sharing this video now.
  6. @luckyhanger1326 [1 likes]: have you had any blood work done?  Kidney function, liver function, lipid panel with APO(b)?  You look great, how do you look on the inside?  🙂
  7. @Poecilia1963: What is the best way to get more collagen? Thank you.
  8. @pontocinza: My wife and I prefer cooked meat or roast meat. Roast meat is to be considered better than grilled meat?
  9. @karenloudon7022: I have such sore joints and know I have inflammation from sugar but keto sounds extreme and I try to stay away from extreme. How many carbs per day ? And how do you feel about IF ?

- Dr. John Ramsey - Ketogenic Diets and Aging: Kind: captions Language: en - Right, well, I'd like to thank the organizers for inviting me, and for Steve for inviting me to talk here. I'd like to begin my presentation, with what's usually at the end, a little bit of acknowledgments. Although I'm giving this talk, a lot of this work was done with Jose Alberto, who was a post doc in my lab at the time, and kind of spearheaded a lot of our ketogenic diet studies, and also Megan and Zeyu, who are graduate students, and Jennifer and Trina, who are scientists working with our Mouse Metabolic Phenotyping Center, and helped us with a lot of this work. My goals for today's talk really are to give a little bit of background on how I became interested in ketogenic diets, and, along with that, talk a little bit about ketone signaling, some of the work that Eric Verdin was gonna talk about, just introduce it a little bit, because Eric and I have kind of overlapped. I was familiar with Eric's work, and some of Eric's work with ketone signaling, and that helped shape some of our ideas on, that there might be some cellular mechanisms beyond just utilization of ketones as a fuel, that might affect aging. I wanna start with that, and then give a little bit of an overview of, and summary of, our studies in animals with ketogenic diets and aging, and then finally, end with some areas that I think are key points, or areas that need to be addressed to get a fuller understanding of how ketogenic diets might affect aging, and potential steps to move forward with these diets. I became interested in ketogenic diets through studying calorie restriction. Calorie restriction has been kind of the gold standard for aging research. It's an intervention that, for over 100 years, has been known to increase lifespan in laboratory rodents, and has been shown to increase lifespan in a wide range of animals from yeast, up to dogs, and, potentially, monkeys. I became interested in calorie restriction work over 20 years ago. At first, it was an interest in trying to understand when animals or humans go on weight loss diets, the energetic adaptations and metabolic adaptations that tend to work against maintaining weight loss. Then I was introduced to calorie restriction, as it relates to aging, when I began post-doctoral work with Rick Weindruch. Part of the question then was, are some of these adaptations that occur with weight loss, that potentially occur with weight loss, also important for aging? My original interest was trying to look at whether these energetic adaptations might be influencing the increase in lifespan with calorie restriction. Also, around 2000, Kevork Hagopian was a scientist working in my lab, and he is a excellent biochemist, who was very interested in intermediary metabolism. One of the questions that he was looking at is, when animals go on calorie restriction, after they've lost weight and become weight stable, are there still metabolic changes that occur with them? He was looking at all the major pathways of intermediary metabolism, and published a series of papers. These are data from one of the papers, looking at glycolysis and regulatory enzymes of that, like glucokinase, phosphofructokinase, pyruvate kinase. What he was seeing was, with both relatively short-term calorie restriction and very long-term calorie restriction in older animals, that these animals, they didn't return to levels of these enzymes, or activities similar to control animals. There was some level of adaptation, or some difference that persisted with them. This decreased capacity for glycolysis in these animals. This was a slide that he prepared, that was kind of summarizing just some of his work, and this idea that the metabolic pathways within these calorie-restricted animals were shifted in a way that they were kind of poised to use fatty acids and ketones as a fuel source, and had a decreased capacity for using glucose. That had been one of the questions that we had had is, are these metabolic changes important, and are they something that may be influencing aging in these animals? In particular, when looking at ketones, we were interested in the ketogenesis pathway in liver, and this idea that this pathway is changed with calorie restriction, and kind of chronically up-regulated, and then producing the primary ketones, acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyrate, which are interconvertible through beta-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase. That was one of the questions: Is it the shift in metabolism, or is it possible that it's some components of that shift in metabolism, and particularly ketones, that might be playing some role in aging and changes we're seeing with calorie restriction? This is also some of Kevork's work. This is just looking within liver. These were calorie-restricted rats that were started on the diet at six months of age. What we had seen in those animals is that there was a chronic increase in total ketone, acetoacetate, and beta-hydroxybutyrate levels in liver within these animals, from both short term calorie restriction, all the way out to long term calorie restriction. Along with that, we'd been doing, in addition to the biochemical work, had been doing a lot of work with indirect respiration, calorimetry, and primarily looking at energetic adaptations to calorie restriction. At the time, we were also getting respiratory exchange ratio data, and for those of you who aren't familiar with indirect respiration calorimetry, the respiratory exchange ratio gives you information about substrate oxidation. Values down at 0.7 are utilization of lipids as a fuel source, one, carbohydrates above one are lipogenesis from carbohydrates. Although we had seen this data, it kind of changed our focus. This paper that had come out from Marc Hellerstein's group, that was looking at calorie-restricted animals and saying, these animals typically consume very high-carbohydrate meals, 60% of calories from carbohydrate, and yet what they do, the typical way of feeding these animals, they're given one meal, they eat it rapidly, they convert much of that carbohydrate through lipogenesis into lipid, and rely heavily on lipid as a fuel. That was the purpose of his paper. We were thinking about that. We were thinking, yes, and they also become ptotic. Are all these changes important? This kind of finalized these questions: Is the shift in metabolism towards lipids, is increases in ketones, are those important? And if you could achieve this without weight loss, these shifts in metabolism, could you have an impact on aging? One of the things that helped with this was this idea, around this time, with aging, this interest in potential mechanisms through which ketones could potentially, or shifts in metabolism could impact aging. One of the things was, during this time we had learned a lot more about energy-sensing pathways. These are thought to play a very important role in aging, and the functions of calorie restriction, and potentially ketogenic diets. In particular, with aging, there has been a lot of interest in mTOR pathway, and so rapamycin, an inhibitor of that, is one of the interventions. The first intervention, from NIA's Aging Interventions and Testing Program, has been shown to change aging. There's also interest in metformin, and effects on AMP kinase. Part of the idea was that ketogenic diets produce many of these same changes that you see with calorie restriction, and so they might be working through some of these energy-sensing pathways, and inducing changes in metabolism that can affect aging. The other thing which made us kind of zero on a little bit on ketones, was this idea that there was all this emerging information that ketones were actually signaling molecules, that they were doing something more than just serving as a fuel source that was being shuttled from the liver to the rest of the body for use as fuel. Now we know that there's a number of functions that ketones can do, and that these give potential mechanisms through which they could be changing gene transcription, and changing function of proteins, and potentially affecting aging. One of the things that had been noticed is that there's two cell surface receptors that ketones are ligands for these receptors: the first HCAR2 receptor, or the niacin receptor. There's been a lot of interest in the effects that ketones may have on this, and effects on decreasing lipolysis and adipocytes, effects on inflammation, DAT integrity. That's one option, is that ketones could be having effects through that. The other is through the free fatty acid receptor 3. Originally, thoughts were that it was primarily an antagonist, or inhibitor for this receptor, and that that might be part of the adaptation to starvation or calorie restriction, things that help decrease sympathetic tone through that way. There has been some recent data, though, that suggests that this isn't always the case, and that it may actually stimulate this receptor, at least under certain circumstances, so there's a lot of interest in this receptor-mediated possible functions of ketones that are going on now. One of the other things that we saw, and this is data from Eric Verdin's paper, is that Eric was doing some work with ketones, and looking at histone acetylation. He published this really important paper in Science in 2013. Part of it was this idea that beta-hydroxybutyrate itself was affecting histone acetylation, and histones are proteins that then influence gene transcription. This was providing a way that histones, that beta-hydroxybutyrate and ketone bodies could be producing changes in gene transcription, and also providing a potential mechanism that they could influence physiological function and aging. One of the interesting things with this paper was that he was noticing that they were seeing changes under physiological conditions. For example, under fasting, he was looking at acetylation at two different lysines, nine and 14, and histones, and seeing increase of fasting, and also an increase in calorie restriction in rodents. This fit with this idea that there could be something going on when you have this shift in metabolism that's beyond just a change in energy utilization, but could be affecting pathways that can affect the function of the cell. This has been the general idea with beta-hydroxybutyrate at this time, that it's a histone deacetylase inhibitor, and so beta-hydroxybutyrate can go in, and in particular inhibit class one histone deacetylases, and in this way change acetylation of these histones, which in turn affect gene transcription. In particular, HDAC1 and 3, there's convincing evidence for changes for beta-hydroxybutyrate, inhibiting those. There is also some evidence of effects on, possibly, class IIa, at least on HDAC. Some of the important genes that we're just beginning to understand, some of the genes that might be changed by this process, but there is a few: FOXO3a, brain drive, neurotropic factor, FTF-21, PGC1-alpha. These are all genes that have been talked about for potential roles that they may play in aging. It's very nice, then, to see that, under this case, may be modulating the expression of these genes. One of the final things with signaling functions, or functions of beta-hydroxybutyrate, is how it's affecting post-translational modifications of proteins. One of the ideas that, as beta-hydroxybutyrate is metabolized, that it forms acetyl-CoA, and this acetyl-CoA can be a substrate for protein acetylation. We now know that virtually all of the proteins in the mitochondrial intermediary metabolism are acetylated. Many of the important proteins with metabolism undergo acetylation. We don't entirely know what that does to most proteins, but there's thoughts that it may be regulatory in the way that phosphorylation-dephosphorylation can be. The other thing is that when beta-hydroxybutyrate is metabolized, it consumes succinate, and so there's been some speculation that it may decrease protein succinylation, which is another regulatory step. Finally, some of the more recent data has also suggested that can attach to proteins, and in that way can potentially change the function of some of these proteins. There's all these exciting areas now on ways that ketone bodies and beta-hydroxybutyrate can affect metabolism, beyond just serving as a fuel itself. That led us to the key question of, does a ketogenic diet have an effect on aging? At the time when we were considering this, there was a fair amount of work that was suggesting that high-fat diets have a negative effect on aging, primarily because of weight gain. There wasn't a lot of studies, or we couldn't really see studies with really long-term ketogenic diets, or even studies that were using high-fat diets that were fed in ways to restrict intake or prevent obesity. We thought these type of studies needed to be completed, and that it was time to take a look at these types of diets, and see if shifts in metabolism through diet could have an impact on aging. When we were considering these studies, we had a few goals for the diets. When sitting down with Jose Alberto, we said, one, we wanna start the diets in middle age. We wanna use middle-aged animals, a time when many humans would make a diet change. The other thing is, we didn't want the diets to cause weight gain. There was already plenty of data out there about effects of different diet, and especially high-fat diets with obesity. We didn't want that component. We also didn't want the animals to lose weight. We weren't trying to do another way of studying severe calorie restriction. We also wanted to devise a couple of diets. One that would induce an increase in fatty acid oxidation, but not cause continuous ketosis, because we were still very interested in, is it important just to shift towards fatty acid oxidation, and the ketones aren't necessarily important? The other diet that we wanted to do was develop a diet that produced animals that were in sustained ketosis. That was our goal, was basically to take a diet, take middle-aged animal, feed them in a way that we basically maintain that middle-aged body weight through the rest of their life. When considering diets, there's many different ways that we could have gone. I think this is an important area, when we're looking at these, whether we're talking about human studies or animal studies, is that just saying something is a low-carbohydrate diet, or even, sometimes, a ketogenic diet, these can be a range of different diets. They could have different types of effects. We had to carefully consider what type of diet we were gonna use. For our control diet, we decided to use just a standard, semi-purified diet that we had experience, and others had experience with life span studies. We had a control where we knew that we could get reasonably long life spans with animals. Our control diet was just AIN-93G diet. In this case, a little over 60% of calories from carbohydrate, roughly 20% of calories from both protein and fat. We used the same ingredients, and then just manipulated the diets for low-carb. We had 10% of calories coming from carbohydrate, and this was enough that these animals weren't ketotic. In our ketogenic diet, 90% of calories came from fats, and 10% from protein. The animals were fed 11.2 kcals per day. This was an amount that we had to adjust, just to make sure that the animals maintained middle-aged body weight. For our study, we had a couple of goals. One was the question on, what effect do these diets have on life span? We had a group who, that was their whole goal, was to measure age of death, and at death, to be able to do a histopathology, and look at cause of death. The other component were our cross-sectional cohorts, which I think, in aging research, this is an area that's become critically important. In the past, one of the gold standards was, could you find an intervention that increased life span? Now, there's a lot more interest in saying, not can we increase life span, but along with that, can we increase measures that show that health is being improved? That you're creating an older animal that's healthy, not just that you're extending life span, and along with it, potentially increasing time at which an animals is impaired, or experiencing age-related disease. We had two cross-sectional groups. One where we were looking at just short-term acute time on the diet in middle age, and then the others, where we were looking at older animals, at 26 months of age. We had a number of different goals within these studies, and one of the first was, did we achieve what we were looking to do? One of them: Why were we getting these dramatic shifts in substrate oxidation. The other question that we were having with these diets is, a lot of people assumed, with these high fats, that we were gonna get negative impacts on body composition, and so we wanted to take a look and see what really happens, in these older animals, to body composition. The first, using indirect respiration calorimetry to look at substrate oxidation. Again, a value of 0.7 is almost-complete reliance on lipid as a fuel, or lipid and ketones, values of one are carbohydrates. What we saw was, with our ketogenic diet, that the animals basically just maintained metabolizing ketones and fatty acids. It was almost a flat line. Our low carb was intermediate to that. When you fed them, they had some spike, which would show an increase in utilization of the carbohydrates and some of the protein, and then they rapidly then went back down to fat. Our control did, as you'd expect, they ate big meals, they mostly relied on carbohydrates, they had some level of lipogenesis that was occurring after that. After they had consumed all of their food, they went to using fatty acids as a fuel. We also achieved our goal of looking at continuous ketosis. The ketogenic diet, even after a meal they maintained ketosis, and were significantly higher than the other two groups. As far as body composition, what we saw was, with fat mass, that there was no differences between the ketogenic diet group and the control group. Our low carbohydrate group was significantly heavier We don't entirely know why. We have some guesses as to why that may have occurred, but because of that, they had significantly-increased fat mass. When we look at lean mass, the ketogenic diet animals were able to maintain their lean mass throughout the aging. What we saw is, that the low-carbohydrate group had a higher lean body mass, they were also bigger animals. The control group, their lean mass went up at very late life, and so there was a significant difference between the ketogenic group and the other groups. One thing that we wanted to take into consideration is that some of these lean body mass changes in these animals, because this is including all of lean body mass, including internal organs, that some of these changes aren't desirable. Some of the increases in lean body mass that may occur under these cases may be internal organ changes that are reflecting some level of pathology. When looking, particularly, at skeletal muscle, and this is skeletal muscle adjusted for body weight, what we saw in the 26 month, or the old ketogenic animals, is that they'd maintained lean body mass, and compared to the other groups they had comparable or greater amounts of the major skeletal muscle within the high LIM. The next big question that we were faced with had to do with life span. That was what most people were asking: What effect were these diets gonna have? We had colleagues who were making all kinds of suggestions. Many of them thought that this was gonna be a relatively short experiment. We were quite interested in seeing how this would play out. These are the life span curves. There was a significant difference, where there was an increase in life span in the ketogenic, compared to the control, using logrank tests. There was about a 13.6% increase in median life span in the ketogenic diet group. The low carbohydrate group was a little bit interesting, 'cause it was kind of intermittent to the other two diet groups. It straddled between the two, and wasn't significant different from either the control or the ketogenic. One of the things was that, when these animals died, was do a necropsy and histology on them. One of the most striking things about these were changes in tumors. There were some other pathology changes that were observed, but one of the things with mice, and particularly C57 black six, which we used for these studies, is that the primary cause of death in these animals are due to tumors, and in particular histiocytic sarcomas. About 50% to 60% of these animals typically will die of cancer, and particularly histiocytic sarcomas. One of the things that was noticeable on necropsy with the ketogenic diet was how few of them had tumors, or had visible tumors that could be detected. The first slide is just showing total tumors. This includes both sarcomas, but it could include, also, adenomas. We also had some mast cell tumors, and a few other different kinds. This is also including tumors that weren't likely cause of death, and may have not contributed major pathology, but just looking at total, and in this case some animals could have had more than one. The ketogenic diet was lower than the others, and for the major type of cancer within this type of mouse, we had one out of 10 ketogenic animals that showed that tumor. It was striking, because the other groups all kind of hit the pattern that you would expect for this type of mouse. That was one of the pathology changes that was very clear with animals on this diet. The next things that we really were interested in, we thought it was very interesting that there were changes in life span, but the bigger question now that was coming out were, were these animals healthy? Were we getting increases in life span? What we'd wanted to do was try to take a number of different measures of health in these animals, and try to get kind of a broad assessment of how these animals were doing, and at the same time, though, not trying to overdo what we were exposing these animals to. we wanted to look at was effects on cognition. The test that we used for that was novel object test. What the novel object test does for mice is, it's basically, it recognizes normal behavior in a mouse, that if you put a mouse into a new environment and then give it a couple of objects, it'll explore those objects. The test is that, if you take that mouse out of that environment, put it back in, and change one of the objects, is the animal gonna be able to remember that the object is changed. If it does, the natural tendency for the mouse is to spend a little bit more time exploring the new object. That's what this test was focused on. This is a test that has clearly been shown that memory decreases in mice with age, and that's what we saw in this case, that with the low-carbohydrate diet there was a significant difference. There was a strong trend towards a decrease in performance in this test, also in the control group. No age-related change in the ketogenic diet group, and the ketogenic diet group did significantly better than both the control and the low carb in this test, In these older animals, at least with this test, evidence of increased memory performance in these animals. These are areas where we're expanding these tests now, and looking at other different regions within the brain, and using more tests to look at effects on late life, on memory. The other is, we had a series of tests that we wanted to look at motor function and muscle strength. One of the typical muscle strength studies that's done with mice is grip strength. It's basically just taking a force meter that has a bar attached to it. The mouse grabs a hold of the bar, and then the mouse is pulled until it releases the bar, so an evidence of ability to strength to be able to hold onto the bar. there was one change that occurred in middle age, with low carb, compared to the control diet. The control diet, there was, as expected, an age-related decrease in muscle strength. The ketogenic diet group had significantly better performance in this measure of muscle strength, compared to both the low carb and the control group. Another test that is done is hanging wire test, which is a measure of both muscle strength and endurance. Essentially, what it is, is a wire is placed, the mouse is put onto the wire, and its ability of mouse to support its weight for a period of time, in this case a three-minute test. As you noticed, in middle-aged animals they all did great. They basically all completed the full amount of test. This is one of the tests where we saw the most striking changes with age. With advanced age, in both the control and the low-carbohydrate diet, there was a dramatic decrease in performance in this test. Whereas, with the ketogenic diet, we didn't have a significant decrease in the performance from middle age, and they did significantly better the low-carbohydrate group. Another test that we looked at is called the rearing test. This is one where animals are placed in a clear cylinder, in an environment, and it's based on normal mouse behavior to want to explore, and along with that, to kind of move along the cylinder, and be able to rear up on their hind limbs as part of exploration. What we saw, again, with this, this measures both a willingness to explore, but also the coordination to be able to rear up on their hind limbs. In this case, there was also a trend towards an age-related decrease in the control group, and in this case, the ketogenic group did better than the controls Then, one of the final physical performance tests that we did, or that I'm gonna show you today, is something called the locatronic ladder test. What this is, is basically a coordination test. It takes a mouse that's in a brightly-lit area. There's a ladder that separates that from a darker area where the animal wants to move. It basically measures the ability of the animal to run across that ladder and get to this darker area where it wants to go. The faster that an animal can complete this task, the better. all animals performed similarly well in middle age. there was increase in this performance with the control group, and that the ketogenic diet did significantly better than the control, and that they were able to complete this task in a faster amount of time, shorter amount of time. In addition to those measures of physical performance, there were a number of other tests that we wanted to complete, just to give an overall idea about health in these animals. One of them is, particularly with aging, is inflammation. There's not doubt, with advanced age in animals, you see increase in markers of inflammation. There also tends to be an increase in variability in inflammation, which reflects changes in pathology within the animals. What we wanted to do was select a series of The three that we selected were ones for which there had been quite a bit of evidence that these change in mice in response to different interventions. We tested those. In middle age, we didn't really have evidence of increased inflammation in any of the animals, and the diets behaved similarly. At 26 months of age, we saw, as been reported in the literature, that there were age-related increases, at least in TNF-alpha and CXCL1, in the control animals. No significant age-related increases in the ketogenic diet animals. The other thing with ketogenic diet animals that we noticed is we just didn't see the variability that we typically see with aging in other animals, so much tighter data. The next thing that we had a lot of questions about was what was gonna happen to serum markers of lipid metabolism within these animals. These are data from 26 months of age. What we saw was, really, no significant differences. The groups all behaved pretty similarly. The only difference was, really, with free fatty acids, and that the low-carbohydrate group had higher amounts than the other groups, but the ketogenic diet had similar values, and if anything, maybe a trend towards higher HDL cholesterol than the other groups. The final area where we haven't really done that much, and at meetings, where I get a lot of questions are about insulin signaling, and particularly looking more within the cell at cellular measures of insulin signaling, and questions about whether we're seeing long-term changes in these animals. We haven't done the cellular work, but what we did was do the general glucose tolerance and insulin tolerance tests. In these, animals are given an IP injection of glucose, or given glucose in insulin for the insulin tolerance test. What we saw is, after these animals had been long term on ketogenic diet animals, they were somewhat glucose intolerant. There was a significant difference in glucose tolerance tests compared to the other groups. The interesting thing was, when we did an insulin tolerance test, these animals had still maintained their ability to respond to insulin. So, our general thought was, the glucose tolerance test effect was just reflecting the fact these animals hadn't seen appreciable amounts of glucose for a long period of time, and were maintaining very low levels of insulin, so they had somewhat impaired ability to respond when given this big glucose bolus, but when given insulin, they still perfectly responded to it. This set up the last part that I wanna talk about in the remaining minutes of this talk. These are some of the key questions that still remain. One of them has to do with mechanism. That's been a lot of the focus. in trying to narrow down mechanism, and to try to determine if you can write a grant and figure out something where, in five years, we can figure out the mechanism for how this works. I'm a little bit skeptical on that, because I think this is a diet that's having massive changes in metabolism, and I think it's multiple mechanisms that are contributing in different tissues. We tried to take a look at a few of the mechanisms that have been proposed. From an aging standpoint, one of the most important ones is this mTOR pathway. This is an important pathway for protein synthesis and growth, and it's an area that's of great interest for aging, because rapamycin, which inhibits this pathway, has been shown to increase life span. We looked at that, and in liver, what we saw was that just phosphorylation of mTOR, there wasn't a significant difference. There was maybe a trend towards ketogenic diet being higher, but if you looked at downstream indicators of mTOR activity, so phosphorylation of 4E-BP1, rpS6, what we saw is a significant decrease with the ketogenic diet, but also a difference that occurred with the low-carbohydrate diet in liver, and also a trend towards a decrease in rpS6. We looked at DDIT4, which is an inhibitor of the mTOR pathway. That was significantly increased in the ketogenic diet. So, we had some evidence that the ketogenic diet is having an effect on mTOR signaling in liver. But this is also a complicated pathway, because we didn't see these same changes in muscle, and there's still some question on which tissues are showing changes in mTOR, and how, exactly, is that affecting response to ketogenic diet? The next thing that we looked at was protein acetylation, and this is one of the most dramatic changes that we see with the ketogenic diet. These are data that we're showing from liver. What we see is this total protein acetylation of lysine in those, a dramatic and significant increase in the ketogenic diet compared to all the other diet groups. When looking at p53, that specific protein, also a dramatic increase When looking at histone, in this case also an increase. Interesting thing here, though, is that we also saw that the low-carbohydrate diet had a significant change, at least in that measure of acetylation. So, this is one area that we are focusing on, that we think is quite important, these changes in protein acetylation with ketogenic diets, and this right now seems to be one of the more striking changes that we see with this diet. The other thing that we were very interested in was mitochondrial content, this idea that, especially in very late life, whether these diets were gonna help maintain mitochondrial mass, and potentially mitochondrial function. This ended up being a lot more complicated than we thought. It very much depends on which tissue you're looking at, and it very much depends on what's being measured. in no case did we see ketogenic diet in old animals, and these are 26-month-old animals, having a uniform increase in every marker of mitochondrial content that we measured. What we would see is that it'd have an increase in some, and in this case, in skeletal muscle, and activities of two of the electron transport chain complexes. We saw that was variable, and we also saw at times, like in this example, that the low-carbohydrate diet sometimes had similar effects. I have a graduate student who's working on this, and it's ended up being a much more complicated experiment than I had wanted. She got a much bigger challenge than I think we both expected. The second really important question has to do with calorie restriction and intermittent fasting in ketones. One of the questions is, does ketogenesis have to be continuous? This is Eric Verdin's paper that came out at the same time as our paper with ketogenic diets. Eric ran into a similar problem that we had. If we tried to feed ketogenic diets ad libitum, the ketogenic diets that we were using, the animals overate them, and they became obese. That didn't meet one of the goals. So, that was part of the reason that we fed amounts to maintain middle-age body weight. Eric saw the same thing with his animals, but his approach to get around that is, he put them on ketogenic diet for a week, put them on a control diet for a week, and so he rotated. His goal for that was to prevent weight gain, so his animals' weight cycled. Despite that, coming on and off ketosis, he did see some positive changes, and particularly increases in memory. I show some of his data from his novel object test that was in his paper. Where I think that's important is that, with calorie restriction, and how I first got into this is, there's usually two different approaches that people use for calorie restriction in animals. There's where the animals are fed every day. Under this case, when the animals eat a meal, they go out of ketosis, and they have a period of several hours, eight to 10 hours, and then their ketone levels go back up. So, they're continually going through this cycle of increased ketosis, where they go into ketosis for periods of 12 hours, maybe a day, or much, and then go out of it. Or there's the calorie-restriction method where they're fed calorie-restricted diets three days out of the week, and they just cycle through a few days out of the week. Part of the question is, if ketones and beta-hydroxybutyrate are playing an important role in the metabolic adaptations and the effects of calorie restriction on aging, it's not doing it through continuous ketosis under this circumstance. That's a big question. Is it that the two things aren't related, and we just kind of lucked into studying ketogenic diets, and that they really aren't playing a role in calorie restriction? Or is there some signaling role that these kind of blips in ketosis are playing I think that's an important question that remains to be addressed. There's two remaining questions that I think are important. One of the most common questions I get with the animal diets are, when people are asking me about making these diets, which fats should I put into a ketogenic diet? I honestly don't know. I mean, I've tested the fats that I've used in my own diet, but I haven't been able to test a range of fats, so I don't really know if there is an optimum fat composition for these diets. I think that still remains to be determined. I think, from an aging standpoint, probably the most important question is the last one. That's, what effect these diets have on age-related disease. We're never gonna be able to complete a life span study in humans using ketogenic diets. We can be able to do those manipulations with animal models, but we can use animal models, and potentially translate that to humans with age-related disease. That's the big question is, which age-related diseases are gonna be responsive to ketogenic diets? When can you start them, as far as in progression of disease? And which approach for delivering the diet is gonna be the most effective? I think those are critically important questions in the area of aging. Then, just to wrap up, what we've seen from our work is, we're convinced now that a ketogenic diet, if it's given in isocaloric amounts, if it's in a situation where animals aren't overweight, that it can increase life span. Also, under same circumstances, this type of diet has an effect to be able to extend physiological function, maintain healthy function in these animals into later life. I think it's critically important, kind of the last, part two, is that level of intake is extremely important in animal studies, and presumably in human studies, too, in how a diet's gonna have its effect. Those two have to be taken into consideration together. With that, I'd like to wrap up, and use that just to acknowledge all the groups that have played an important role in our studies. Keith Barr's lab, and Marita Wallace, they played important role in some of our signaling measurements, and we continue to work with Keith in trying to study the effects of ketogenic diets on signaling. Same with Floss Hodges' group. He does similar work. Gino Cortopassi, who we've done some of the work with mitochondria, and also the team at the Mouse and finally, my collaborator, Jose Villalba at University of Cordoba, who's done a lot of our work, and is somebody that we've talked to a lot with our diet and lipid studies. With that, I'll go ahead and end. Thank you. (audience applauding)

  Top Comments:
  1. @davecruz1876 [32 likes]: I struggled with the keto diet too much, I just felt exhausted. We are supposed to enjoy the food we eat and with keto that's close to impossible. That's why I tried the Agoge diet and it works great.
  2. @tonipuja9913 [25 likes]: Keto is not worth it in my honest opinion. It's risky and difficult to stick with. I recommend the Agoge diet because it's personalized and balanced and most importantly worked great for me.
  3. @ongkybagus530 [10 likes]: I tried all these diets and gave up on all except for one. Only the Agoge diet helped me lose that persistent belly fat.
  4. @DA-uz8qb: I just saw a post from Nick Norwitz, citing a recent study suggesting that ketones selectively bind damaged protein species in the brain. Not only binding these proteins, but aiding in their removal and disposal. Pretty interesting stuff!
  5. @JeffCruel: Now to watch the civilian population present their keto diet results on social media.
  6. @JeffCruel: What’s the golden rule?
  7. @carolinepandian8630: My Herpes virus infection came to an end after using the natural herbs medication I ordered from Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel and I’m very grateful to have come across his YouTube channel.
  8. @maikanoibrahim5565: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  9. @gracegonzalez2077: Stephen Phinney has said that the ketogenic diet is not a calorie restrictive diet...
  10. @agathasitohang8538: Do not get me started on keto. that shit almost killed me... If you want to lose fat, get the Agoge diet if you ask me, it worked great for me
  11. @morningstar9218: I was told by my doctor not to follow the keto diet because it's risky. He said I should eat a balanced diet so I tried the Agoge diet and I'm starting noticing less belly fat really fast.
  12. @virgenbarton8260: Hi there, have you considered Okibetonic Secrets yet? Simply just do a google search search. On there you will find an awesome suggestions about how exactly you can lost crazy amounts of weight. Why don't you give it a shot? maybe it's going to work for you too.
  13. @carterfrank3502: What is Okibetonic Secrets? Does it work? I hear many people burn their fat with this popular weight loss method.
  14. @eliasrichardson7355: What is the best way to lost tons of weight? I read loads of superb reviews on the net about how Okibetonic Secrets can assist you lost lots of weight. Has any one tested out this popular fat burn diet plan?
  15. @caspiandoyle3028: Do anybody know about Okibetonic Secrets? Does it really work? I hear a lot of people lost their fat with this popular weight loss diet plan.
  16. @russellbarbaza2058: Hello there, have you considered Okibetonic Secrets yet? Just simply do a google search. On there you will discover that a great guidelines about how exactly you can lost a ton of weight. Why not give it a chance? perhaps it will work for you too.
  17. @beemahurin9818: Anyone know what is Okibetonic Secrets about? I hear lots of people burn their weight with this popular lose weight method.
  18. @breekelley3221: Do natural popular weight loss methods like Okibetonic Secrets really work and if so, how effective are they? I've heard many awesome things about this popular lose weight method.
  19. @beemahurin9818: Has anyone used the Custokebon Secrets to lost lots of weight? Just do a search engine search. On there you'll discover a great tips about how exactly you can lost tons of weight. Why don't you give it a chance? perhaps it'll work for you too.
  20. @norenedixon5228: It still surprises me, just how lots of people do not know about Custokebon Secrets, despite the fact that a lot of people get great results because of it. Thanks to my buddy who told me about Custokebon Secrets, I've lost a lot of weight by using it without starving myself.

- What is the Ketogenic Diet and How Does It Support Anti-Aging?: Ryan Lazarus, DC: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] another very important mechanism is ketosis has been shown to boost a very important master antioxidant and these are not antioxidants like taking in fruits or vegetables or even supplements these are antioxidants that are made in the body and there is a master antioxidant and we call it glutathione ketosis studies have shown that it up regulates ketone recycling and studies have demonstrated that ketosis will enhance modoch mitochondrial output as well as biogenesis what does that mean that means the little engines that process energy and all of us actually become more efficient and they actually grow so you have these very primitive mechanisms that protect us but do we utilize them well if you're not a fish and fat burner I would say no if you are a sugar burner we can improve and I'll tell you how we do that ketosis modifies genetic expression what does that mean it's essentially the difference between our genotype and our phenotype here's how it works we are given a blueprint by our mother and her father and that blueprint was once thought to be our genetic destiny but the recent research in epigenetics has shown that's not the case at all it's actually the opposite the environment plays more of a role than our genes so if we can change our environment in terms of the fuel what we put in our body how we move we can change the way our genes work so specifically there is a very important ketone body that we call beta hydroxy butyrate and this has been shown and researched exclusively trying to understand how it works in the body and how it deals with the aging and oxidation beta-hydroxybutyrate inhibits something called a class-one HDAC that is a histone deacetylation complex so these are very important mechanisms that hold and protect our DNA that's what histones are and if you can change or inhibit these hdacs or htx you can literally change the way the DNA works in the way it protects itself that's an amazing amazing conclusion this controls gene transcription and essentially your genetic expression you

  Top Comments:
  1. @arianasuzuki9774 [8 likes]: I believe it. His skin says it all.

- Insulin Doctor: This Is The First Sign Of Dementia! The Shocking Link Between Keto & Brain Decline!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the sardine challenge. So, the only thing on the menu for the next 3 days is sardines. I challenge you to try and eat three of those cans in a day because that's a hell of a tool to help you get into a ketogenic state. And when you're in a ketogenic state, it helps burn fat, muscle mass gets higher preserved. I've seen patients that have reversed their gray hair and their brain performance, concentration, and energy, all of those things improve. And so, I'm going to teach you how to do an advanced ketogenic diet. Sorry, the sardine juice has gone on my iPad. >> Good luck getting that off. Dr. Annette Bosworth is the insulin resistance specialist. >> With over two decades of experience, she's discovered that the key to your health isn't more treatments. >> It's to get into a ketogenic state. Most people have been making buckets of insulin without knowing it. But when you have excess insulin, it's a chronic disease maker. It is what makes high blood pressure. It is what makes cancer. It is what makes debris in the brain, which is linked to depression, brain fog, Alzheimer's, and Parkinson's. And so, to reverse the high insulin state, I really push my patients to do the ketogenic diet. And what I'm told is your best life ahead within a year. Like, I really rescued my mom from the edge of death. So, where do I start? >> First thing is quit eating so late at night because you're stimulating an excessive production of insulin. The next thing, keep the carbs low, put the fat up, more eggs, beef brisket, ribs, pork belly. >> But then people often say when you talk about the ketogenic diet that it's not sustainable. So, you have this idea of this keto continuum, consistently keto for life. >> Yeah. I mean, I've been on a ketogenic diet for 10 years. And those 12 steps are it. And you're not going to have to try very hard. So, the first step is I see messages all the time in the comment section that some of you didn't realize you didn't subscribe. So, if you could do me a favor and double-check if you're a subscriber to this channel, that would be tremendously appreciated. It's a simple, it's a free thing that anybody that watches this show frequently can do to help us here to keep everything going in this show in the trajectory it's on. So, please do double-check if you subscribed. And thank you so much because in a strange way, you are you're part of our history. And you're on this journey with us and I appreciate you for that. So, yeah, thank you. Dr. Annette Bosworth or shall I call you Dr. Boz? What is it that you know and believe and understand that you think the general public doesn't know, believe and understand? Mhm. So, most of the reasons people come to see me could be reversed if they knew how to make ketones on a regular basis. So, I'm an internist. Uh that means uh if you go to an internal medicine doctor and we don't know what's wrong, you're going to die. We take care of tough puzzles and we do this over a long management, chronic disease management. So, I've got 25 years of studying chronic problems that deteriorate the quality of life. Lifespan, healthspan both go in the toilet when you're chronically seeing me. And you could abort all of that destiny if routinely you were making ketones. An internist sounds like an intern. I'm trying to understand the the definition. >> on this is terrible. It just means you're supposed to take care of very complex answers. Your job I mean, the buck stops with you. If if the internal medicine team can't figure it out, you're going to die. So, so you're basically a chronic illness doctor. >> Chronic disease management is absolutely it. You know, I love the way uh Peter Attia uses medicine 2.0, which is what we are the masters of, managing it, making sure the prescriptions are there, making sure you are treating all these problems. The internist being one of your best buddies cuz you're having to see them routinely, you got to get the meds refilled, you got to check for the side effects. It's a mill. What is medicine 2.0 in your definition? Yeah, so I can keep you from dying from childbirth and infections and I have an antidote for every one of your symptoms. We are in a world where medicine has answered a lot of problems. Little things like high blood pressure, little things like it's a few extra pounds around the middle, little things like brain fog, oh, my eyes are aging. All of these are signals that your body has made more trash than it cleaned up and there were some rules to humans that you missed. And for for my listeners that have clicked on this conversation, what are they going to get out of giving us their time and staying with us and listening to this? What is the end goal going to be for them in their lives? Listening to the way I talk to my patients and teach them the steps how to reverse the medical problems that you've already got on the roster. And by doing that, the freedom is to be the kind of grandparent that you dreamt of, but you've surrendered can't be there anymore. And what is the list of predicaments or illnesses that Yeah. So >> are relevant here? Most common one is being overweight and a brain that's not working right. What really is behind all of the patients I've seen for 25 years is we're working on peak brain performance. Even if you don't think about that, that's what I think about. So when you come in and you're 55 years old and I can see the worry of Parkinson's headed your way. Super young is 55 years old with Parkinson's. That is a brain that's got too much trash and you don't know it yet. And I mean, in the history of Dr. Boz versus Parkinson's, Parkinson's has like 3,500 patients, I have zero. Parkinson's wins every time. And the the biggest moment of people who have chronic problems under the hood is they have no idea that it's coming. And once that lands, the reversal is much worse. Seeing it 10 years before it's supposed to be there, this is a gift of saying, let me show you how to undo that. Back away from the edge. It's that brain function that you're going to miss the most when it doesn't work. And it's linked to all of these things like the arthritis, the you know, weight around the middle, the high blood pressure, the severe connection to mental uh approach, meaning you can say depression, but people say, "Oh, I don't have that diagnosis." I'm talking about a brain that doesn't want to engage, that doesn't find joy in their life anymore, because it's been too many years since they took out the trash. Let me show you how to take out the trash, and you're going to have to do it a few times, but what unfolds is your best life ahead within a year. So, you're going to teach me how to take out the trash? Yeah. The trash in my own brain. Yep. And if I take out the trash in my own brain, how is my life going to be better? You live in the 21st century, where there's lots of processed foods and lots of ways that your body did things without telling you. So, any injury that you've had, like a joint injury that keeps coming back every time you injure it, it is a little easier to injure the next time. Is there a ring around the middle that's more more than pinch an inch? Is there a uh, distance in time where you say, "I can focus for this many hours, but I can't do it for this many hours anymore"? Those are all places where if you did this, if you were able to say, "Don't stop taking out the trash several times a year, several times a month if you ask me." Then you never have to come into this world that I just see people they're they're in quicksand, they're up to their waist. And getting them out, they need a real lifeline. And what are the current solutions people are typically offered when they're feeling, you know, all the the ways that you described there, where they just don't feel good, they have brain fog, they're they might have chronic pain setting in in various ways. What are the typical solutions that medicine 2.0 would offer them? Yeah, especially if they have good insurance. Yeah. That doctor is going to be with the covered insurance plan, and he's going to say, "Tell me the symptoms. I have a matching game. I will give you the drugs that will take away that one, and take away that one, and take away that one." What is always a downside is, well, play that forward for 10 years. Play it forward 5 years. And are the symptoms gone? No, but it will bridge and hold up the architecture of the body and the human without actually fixing the problem without actually diving in and say you got some chemistry problems under the hood that you don't measure and you don't talk about. But if you did even if you're not perfect, even if you're 70% you're going to find yourself at the age of 54 with vitality and energy and sleeping through the night and not having what every other 54-year-old which is chronic joint pain, a brain that can only focus for 3 to 4 hours without a break, a a stamina of endurance and health and and joy that falls apart. So when I'm you're 54 years old, when I'm 54 years old, I want to be as young and energetic and articulate and cognitively astute as you are. So what should I be doing now to make sure that I don't decline, decay in all those areas I described? Oh, what did you have for breakfast? Today? Yeah. Um I have not eaten breakfast yet. Okay, that's not a bad thing, but when you're 54, you should probably put the calories in the morning, not at night. We know that as you age, the cost of a calorie turns into timing. If you eat that food one bite of food after 6:00 is worth 10 bites of food before noon. So if you're trying to say how do I get the best out of the nourishment, but also eating's fun, if you only get one bite after 6:00 and 10 before move that food towards morning. When you're your age, what did you have for what's the last meal you ate? Yesterday? Yeah. Uh for dinner I had this cod and I had salad. I also had pasta. Okay. But I ate pretty late, which is about 9:00. What did you have the rest of the day before that? Was that your first meal? >> Just a big salad. Was that more towards lunch or noon or Probably about 4:00. So waited all the way till 4:00 to eat. Very common. This is a really common pattern of people doing what we would say intermittent or time restricted eating. They put that eating window in this, but it's got that balloon at the end of the day. Yeah. And it really does I mean what you're stimulating is an excessive production of insulin. And you're going to wake up the next morning. What time did you wake up this morning? Today? I went to bed fairly relatively early for me. I woke up at about 7:30 a.m. Oh. Usually it's later. And do you have Did you have a solid 7 8 hours of sleep or how? Yeah. So during that time uh you finished eating around 10:00 then it sounds like. Yeah. Okay. So then it's 7:30 >> Maybe a little later. Okay. So 11:00 and you've got uh 7:30 in the morning is when you woke up. So that's about 8 hours since you've eaten. Your insulin is still churning. Especially if the meal was large and there was carbs in it. So now you've got these processed foods late at night and you're at the beginning of the disease, right? You're at the beginning of the chronic inflammatory churn of how do you age faster and faster? You don't do that. You don't have high insulin throughout the night. So can you explain to me like I'm a 12-year-old what insulin is and the role it's playing cuz you know I guess we're focused here on how to I guess longevity aging for a second, but how does insulin play a role in all of this and what is insulin? So insulin insulates. Okay? So think of it as it makes you fluffy. It makes you It puts the fat on. Uh it's got some other roles, too. But we're going to talk about chronic diseases here where it's not a scarcity problem. You You make plenty of it. And when it's in excess, it will store energy for when you go through a famine. It will also cause you to grow. Now grow means get a little fatter, but it also means things like their skin gets a little thicker, they have skin tags, and what I always think about is what's going on in their brain. And when that insulin is high for years and years and years uh just like yours, because if if you didn't eat the rest of today and then you got up tomorrow morning, it would be about that long after a late meal last night, that's how long it would take you to say, "Okay, we're back down to where we started from or where we should be in the morning." For someone that's never had the insulin before, there's some context to give on in terms of what it's doing. So, it's coming out like a transporter and helping put away the sugar or deal with the excess sugar. Right. So, it is what what Yeah, it lifts glucose or sugar from the circulation into a cell. That's its first primary job. But if all the cells are full, their storage is full, it's going to start to pack it into the liver. And then let's say all those stores are full, too. This job of the of insulin, this hormone oozes into every part of your body to say, "Make sure it's got full fuel. Make sure it's got that sugar." But most people are like what I would guess you are. Most of the time you don't you aren't in a shortage of sugar. And so, it fill it tops things off and then it will turn things into fat. It's too much sugar, they can't store it, all the storage is full. So, you can send the signal out, "Make me some more cells. I need some more storage units. This guy is eating more than he thinks he is. And we're going to be prepared to live through the famine." But in the meantime, turn it into fat. Make him a little fluffier. Is that the only consequence of high insulin is that I'm going to I might be a bit more fat? No, that's just the one people hear about the most. When you look at chronic disease management, it is the growth of of the diseases, of the inflammation. It's the making of the trash. So, I just keep saying, you know, you need to take the trash out routinely, which means that insulin, which has been smoldering higher than you think it is, because you live in today's world, because you eat processed food, because you eat super late at night, uh you don't go two to three days without eating. You've You've got storage filled in your body. The high insulin levels in a healthy person hides that the debris is being made and you don't know it. Yeah, it hides it. Yeah, it's going to put it in between two cells in your brain. It's going to put it in between the skin cells. The trash doesn't get taken out until the insulin gets lower. And unfortunately, most people have been making buckets of insulin without knowing it. Why? What are they doing to create buckets of insulin? All the things you said about >> Carbs. Um foods that comes from boxes and barcodes and bags instead of whole foods, instead of a fat forward diet which would then push that body into making ketones. So, you can't you cannot make a ketone if your insulin's high. Are there any signs that I might have high levels of insulin or insulin resistance? Abdominal girth is the first thing that is the first place that the fat goes. And so, you do this really great part where you don't eat until later in the day. Mhm. How does that feel during the day? During the day I feel really focused. I actually don't even know that I'm not eating. So, that's really good. So, what I would love to know is show me what your blood sugars are doing during the day and show me if you make ketones. That'll be The answer is you when you have excess insulin, which is this chronic disease maker, it is what makes cancer. It is what makes high blood pressure. It is what makes debris in the brain where call it depression or brain fog or Parkinson's. It's the aging of the brain. It's linked to all of those things. >> All of those things. And that excess insulin nobody tells you about. But, the symptoms are dang, I feel like I got to eat every two to three hours. Uh their debris or their fuel keeps running out. When you say, "Boy, I can eat once at the end of the day and I'm pretty good. My focus stays really good." What I want you to prove is what are your ketones during the day? So, when when you've got a patient who has done that, their ketones will be 0.7, 1.0, and they're taking out the trash all day long. So, there's these two energy sources. One of them is the glucose. One of them is which is from like, you know, eating pasta, which I ate last night. Um so, that probably put a lot of glucose in my my blood. I probably had a high glucose spike, and then insulin came out to deal with that. And then there's ketones, which start to appear when I'm fasting or when I haven't been eating carbs for a while and my body's looking for an energy source. >> Yeah, when In terms of these two energy sources, there seems to be a lot of hype around ketones. >> Mhm. So, why doesn't our body just run off ketones? It will, as soon as you're done lowering your insulin. And I mean, insulin grew in these patients. They didn't know that it was growing high. They went to their blood test, and their glucose looked normal. What nobody checked for years is how much of that insulating hormone did it take to keep the glucose controlled. And that's where chronic diseases are are grown in spades. That's where autoimmune disor- >> The insulating hormone being insulin. Yes. >> Okay. So, that excess insulin for the last decade, had you come into my clinic, we'll put a label on it, call it PCOS, call it high blood pressure, call it autoimmune problems. All of them are linked to high insulin. Glucose, when you want to store it, we put it in a fancy string called glycogen. And it's just an efficient way to store glucose, but as soon as your body needs it, it will unlock all that sugar back into your access back for you. >> Mhm. What you don't realize is, well, how much glycogen you got stored over there? How much is there in storage? And that is what high insulin has been doing. Just put it in storage, put it in storage. And then, when you stop eating, you'll know if you emptied out all your stored sugar, which is some of the regular sugar you just ate, but then all this glycogen, this packaged sugar. How empty are you? I don't know. Have you made a ketone yet? You cannot make a ketone. You cannot burn fat until that that tank is empty. Okay, so I have these glycogen stores which last for well, a day or two. Oh, no. Think of it as brown sugar. So, you package the sugar really tight. Then you put it in the back of the drawer and it turns crusty cuz you never lowered your insulin. I have patients that are over overweight and we put them on a ketogenic we put them on a 20 total carbohydrates per day. So, super low carbohydrate. It is 15 days before they make a ketone. Okay, so it's it could be a a while it could be up to 2 weeks for example before my glycogen stores are empty. And it's not until my glycogen stores, my glucose stores are empty that my body can start producing ketones. Correct. So, it's going to exhaust all of those glycogen stores and then once it's run out, it's going to switch into this ketogenic state. Right. Yeah, so think of it as your short-term, easy to access sugar has to decrease. And that means your insulin has decreased. That hormone for insulin, they both run in tangents. You decrease your emptying glycogen, your insulin's going down. So, how do I know if I have insulin resistance? What are what are the key signs? You mentioned skin tags. I've never heard that term before. Yeah, skin tags are not moles. So, moles you can feel this bump on your on your skin, right? But a skin tag has a neck and like a little mushroom. And it's the most annoying thing when patients come and say, "Well, I just tried to cut them all off, but they kept bleeding." I'm like, "Do not cut them off." They'll fall off when your insulin's lower. So, that's the first place. It'll be found in their armpits or places where the skin rubs. So, armpits and their groin. And once insulin starts to grow them, it's like a crop. A crop a little baby cauliflower hanging out in their armpits. You talked about velvety skin >> Yes. as well being an an indicator. Velvety skin is this Latin word acanthosis nigricans, which is fancy word that means the skin is darker and thicker. So, the the places that usually happens is the back of the neck. And you'll hear, you know, stories of I tried to wash my neck. It's It's dirty all the time. It's not dirt. It is the way the skin is under the the curse of high insulin. And you see it in teenagers all the time now. They put on weight and their growth hormones are already doing that teenage thing. Now, you put high insulin in there and they have this dirty neck syndrome. Or on the creases of their elbow. It's just darker here. Uh that is pathology. That's not normal from high insulin. You talked about weight changes as well. What What's this thing about hairy toes that I was reading about? >> Right. So, as my patients age, so most my 55-year-olds that have had high insulin, I will tell them, look at your toes. They're supposed to have hair on them. And when your body has had that high insulin state for a couple decades now, it will start to say, we don't send resources to a couple parts of the body anymore. And the follicles in their toe are one of them. Like, you just stop growing hair on your toes. And there's an ascending problem with this where the toe starts, then it's the ankles, then it's up to the knees, and they don't have hair anywhere on their lower extremities. It is a process that started from high insulin. What about aging? You talked about how if you have high insulin, there'll be an impact on your aging. Now, I'm thinking about, you know, I'm getting a couple gray hairs now. I'm thinking this is because of my insulin levels. I I have seen patients that have reversed their gray hair on a ketogenic diet. It blew my mind. They asked me for the reason why that happened and I thought, well, um the cells are healthier that are making your hair. That's all I got. Um aging is exactly that enemy, which is they are going around the sun with more growing of the trash than they needed. So, that high insulin, they don't know about it. They've not produced a ketone in years, and that chronic disease is now difficult to get their the eye to clean out. It's difficult to get that brain trash removed. And you're supposed to do it every night when you sleep. It's not supposed to be behind this far. You're two decades from taking out the trash in your brain. That's aging. How do I first start even know my ketone blood levels? Well, when when a patient first comes in saying, "How do I begin?" I want them to tell me what they had for their meal and then say, "How many carbs do you think that was?" Because this education like an apple is 20 g of carbs, 15 g of carbs for some of And we're going to ask you in the first 6 weeks to take your carb intake down to less than 20. 20 total g of carbohydrates or less is where we begin. And again, I do this in a medical grade. There are people who play with the ketogenic diet, and there are people who try to reverse medical problems with a ketogenic diet. In order to do this, it is not a lazy kind of keto. You have to actually be on the same team as me using data to reverse this medical problem. And how how does one measure the blood ketone levels? Yeah, I I think blood is the best. There is a way you can measure them in a in urine. The burning of fat, if you turn that string of fat into ketones, there are two destinies for that. You either put it into a mitochondria and turn it into energy or you pee it out. So, especially when they're early in a ketogenic journey, they're they overshoot. Evolution said, "Don't let them die. Turn that fat into energy. Help them through the famine." So, the excess ketones they make end up in their urine. We call them pee tone strips, and they're cheap and easy, and we don't have to cross that barrier of somebody pricking their finger at the beginning. So, they're going to pee out ketones every day as long as they're not chronic insulin resistant. So, if I avoid carbs for a sustained period of time, which could be a couple of days, it could be up to 2 weeks, eventually my body's going to say, "Listen, we need energy." So, it's going to start burning my fat stores. >> Yes. You know, from some of that fat around the midsection, and it's going to start turning that into ketones, which are a different type of energy. Are there any reasons why ketone as a source of energy is better for me in terms of performance other than the insulin reasons that we've talked about? Like, are there any other parts of my body or my health that benefit from ketones? >> For starters, when you're burning a ketone, there's less trash. Okay? It is a cleaner fuel with less byproduct, especially as you age. So, you get the longer energy, and you have less debris floating around. You hear the word antioxidants all the time. Well, burning ketones is an antioxidant state. It is a and it's in the space where you need it, which is inside that cell. Uh you swallow antioxidants, and you have no guarantee that they end up where they're supposed to. So, number one, the fuel is reducing trash at a cellular level, it lasts longer, and it penetrates through that blood-brain barrier to fuel a brain that even if it's insulin resistant, it can use a ketone. So, the problem with somebody who's chronic insulin resistance, their brain needs a lot of glucose to stay on online. And I can try to get it there, but insulin is constantly fighting that. It's a war to try and keep the glucose in their brain. My hack is ketones will go right around that. It doesn't need the same transporters to get across the blood-brain barrier, and especially to fuel those cells in the brain. So, for performance, um I mean, name a game where you don't use your brain. There isn't one, right? You're You're going to If you're looking at performance to say, "Let's begin with the sharpest brains and the most focused, the most disciplined, the less um impulsivity. All of those things improve when that brain is being fueled with ketones. So, let's focus on the brain part then. So, what have you personally noticed as someone who I assume is in the ketogenic diet right now? Yes. What have you noticed the variances between when you're in a keto diet and when you're not? Right. Well, I've been doing this since 2015. So, um the onset of it was really messy, but uh the seasons where I would do a great job and then I would think, "Ah, I'm fine." I I mean, I can tell you you see 25 patients in a day and I feel bad for the last five. Uh they've got a they've got a sluggish brain. I don't care how much coffee you've got in you, you can't keep that focus for that length of time. Um when you're in a ketogenic state and not in a ketogenic state, uh the the the brainpower, the concentration, the ability to keep your mood controlled is is just it is a night and day difference for most people, but uh I think especially for me like uh I'm pretty high energy and when it runs out, I get crabby. Uh and that's not a good place to be if you're the patient. Yeah, I think I've noticed that as a podcaster, but I've also had a lot of very well-known podcasters say the same thing, which is the variance in their ability to speak and articulate themselves and think and sit here for 3 to 4 hours having a conversation is night and day when they are in a fasted ketogenic state versus or on a ketogenic diet versus when they are in a higher carb diet. Right. And it's so profound to me that I that I almost wonder why like more people don't Oh, it's it's insane. Like one of the best things that I've done in 25 years was I went out on a limb and said, "I'm going to try and teach 200 people at once how to do this intense ketogenic diet for 3 weeks." Uh it is hardcore. This is not playtime. You're checking your numbers every day and you're comparing them to your classmates. And what you get to see in this class of 200 people going with an extreme ketogenic diet is the testimony you just said. I cannot believe how good I feel. By the end of 3 weeks, they're naming babies after me. They They think this is a miracle. And I'm like, exactly. I mean when you do it in a group like that, I don't need to advertise. They tell their friends. They tell their Like if you want to be on a ketogenic diet that really wakes up your brain. I didn't think I could do this. I thought I was too old for this level of energy. And it's there within 3 weeks of doing it right. How long does it typically take on average for someone to feel those brain benefits from doing the ketogenic diet? Typically, how long does it take you? Me? Yeah. I rarely go out of it. Meaning I I might have a couple of days where I fly to LA and have a fancy meal and then I need to be back on it. It just doesn't feel good anymore. So, but let's go let's go to when I was overweight, okay? So, you say who's insulin resistant? Any person who's had a baby. Okay? You have to be insulin resistant to hold that baby for 9 months. Okay? So, I had three of them and then the weight never came off on that third one. So, here is an insulin resistant person at 40-something years old and I am probably 60 lb heavier than I am now. And the first time it it I tried to get into a state of ketosis for like 9 months. I was about to give up on Like why can I not be a ketone? Why does every I mean I'm a doctor. I'm trying to use this for my brain patients, but I'm afraid to tell them about it cuz I personally cannot keep be a ketone. I mean I was trying to follow 50 carbs, then I tried to do 30 carbs, and then I tried to do none, but I just couldn't make it long enough into that ketogenic state. And what had happened is at least a decade of high insulin. Three babies, full practice, busy life, you know, on call, those kinds of things that are all dangerous if you're going to try to have a peak brain. I took my kids on a 22-mile hike around the city on Memorial Day in the name of troops' mental health. And I said, "If I am not peeing a ketone after walking 22 miles, having fasted for a day, then I'm for sure that this diet is a phooey." So, that's how much energy it took for me to pee a ketone. Because I was very insulin resistant. I had been making excess insulin for a decade, and I'm a doctor. I I should have known that. My sugars are fine. My hemoglobin A1C wasn't bad. But that excess insulin, that stored sugar, that stored glycogen, it took forever to get that low. And only after I fasted and then walked 22 miles did I pee a ketone. So, I When you ask the question, "How long does it take?" I don't make a I do a much better job now of telling people how to get there cuz I I almost gave up thinking, "This is junk science." If you if you were to eat a high-carb meal now and take a couple of days off, how long would it take you to get back into a ketogenic state where you have those brain benefits now? Uh I could probably flip back in within 12 hours. So, that's how long it roughly takes for someone who's got a bit in better metabolic shape, it will take a couple of days. Mhm. Um is there a downside to living in ketosis the whole time? Because people often say when you talk about the ketogenic diet that it's not sustainable. Yeah. I I hear that a lot, but I have thousands of patients that have been doing it for years. And what happens is uh as soon as they exit from the ketogenic diet and they start to feel the trash build up again, meaning the joints that didn't hurt forever now hurt. The vision that was super clear is now foggy again. The brain that wasn't irritable and depressive is back to doing those things again. I mean, it is within a week or two that I mean, I like to think of when you're in a ketogenic state, you ring out that inflammation and trash in their brain, and the brain is like crisp. It is doing a great job. And when you put the sugar back in, the swelling goes back into their brain. Insulin and water flood the body, and it's almost like a minor concussion. And their brain is not working right, and they now know it. And is there any other benefits to being in a ketogenic state? You mentioned strength briefly. Yeah. So, when you're looking at do you do weightlifting? Yeah. Okay. So, when you weightlift how's grade your soreness on the day after your like lifting day? Um if I've been using that muscle consistently, there's no real soreness. Good. So, let's just take a day where you're pushing it harder. You're deadlifting harder, and you've got a strain in those muscles. One of the key components for repairing that as quickly as possible is to be in a ketogenic state, to take that inflammation way down. And you probably didn't need the help of repairing that muscle when you were, you know, 18, 22, but as you get into the 30s, and especially into the 40s, the amount of inflammation that tries to help you repair that, it overshoots. And that's where the chronic pain's from. That's where the delay in repair comes from. So, when I look at power and muscle training, I the first place I talk to my patients about it is how many days does it take you to get back to to feeling good after you've had an injury? Uh let's let's be on the side of a ketogenic setting where your inflammation is super low, and when you tear something, which you're going to tear things when you're lifting heavy, the repair part is so quick. The power is a little hard to talk about. If you want me to go there, I can. Uh Yeah, so is there is there going to be any impact on my my ability to train Yeah. if I'm in a ketogenic diet? Am I going to be impacted in terms of endurance or strength or power or anything like that? So, we looked at this in um in military people. Uh it's one of the my favorite ones where they are all insulin resistant. And we put them on a ketogenic diet, and so they're trying to meet the standards. And at a month of being in a ketogenic state, they've lost weight, but their power and time didn't do anything too sexy. Then you look at those same soldiers at a year or I think it was 6 months was the next time they did another big check. Uh and by golly, they've lost even more weight, and their power is about 20% more than their counterparts. When they get to 18 months of a ketogenic diet, their power is almost 50% more than what their counterparts were. So, let me explain that. As you're looking at a muscle, it will choose which fuel it wants to use. And when you've been glucose using when you're on a non-ketogenic diet, it's going to use glucose first to fuel. But if you can train it to to use fat in that training, it's a longer, better fuel with less inflammation, and um especially in a a state where it will use both fuels quickly. That takes time. I mean, it takes And what I tell patients is, you'll love me in 18 months. You'll think I'm pretty great at 6 months. But if you're trying to run a marathon and we're only 3 to 4 weeks out, you should not start a ketogenic diet. You're going to think it's the worst thing ever. It's meant to train muscles to use fat, and that takes time. And is there a link between some of these cognitive degeneration diseases like Alzheimer's, dementia, etc. and the ketogenic diet? Cuz I know that there's been some research that's underway and has been done to try and establish causality of Is there a link here? Yeah, you know, it's one of the saddest places where if you look at what patients regret in life, they come into the clinic, and they're already starting to say, "I was driving the other day, and I I got lost. And when I hear that, we are 15 years too late. It is 15 years of building up trash in that brain that we have to clean out that debris. And I had the privilege of an amazing story that taught me I don't have the gift of, you know, seeing into the future. Am I going to reverse these Alzheimer's before they show up? We don't have the research for it. Um but I have a lot of clinical experience saying, "Boy, they are so much better." I don't know if their memory is going to stay this good. We're only 3 years into a ketogenic diet, but it's way better than when it started. And then I had a Down syndrome patient at 40 years old uh in my practice. So, her mother came to see me first. She said, "I I want to try this ketogenic diet. Um I've been helping my daughter who's has Down syndrome. We've lost 100 lb uh because the doctor said that she might do better if um if we lost some weight." And it's not an uncom- uncommon thing to see they have advanced insulin resistance and advanced Alzheimer's earlier in life. So, it's a great uh place to study Alzheimer's because they have a a more rapid onset of it. So, the woman comes, she's lost 100 lb, and during that time her mental cognition got worse. So, now she's got 100 lb down, but none of those brain things are better. And I said, "All right, if we're going to do this with your daughter, we're going to make sure we're pricking your finger. It's not going to be fake. We're going to do a real ketogenic diet." So, the mom starts on a ketogenic diet, and I think both her and mom are genetically super powered to make ketones cuz they have ketones of like three within a couple of days. Which is the average would be >> Like one. If I If they hit one in a few days, I'm thinking, "Good job." And the mom calls me at the end of the week saying, "Do you think it could possibly work this fast?" She is She's, you know, doing the little jobs that she used to do around the house. And I said, well, call me again in a week. Let's see how she's doing. And the mom goes, the most profound thing just happened. I've taken care of this girl for 41 And I asked her the other day if she was doing something. She wanted to go to the church with me, which means she left the house. And she was at the church and she was giving her instructions to do this, go around here and put it over there and give her a little job. And she said, do you understand? And the girl replied, I understand. I said, what's the big deal? And the mother said, she had never said a three-syllable word in her whole life. Two syllables is all her brain could ever put together. For the first time in her whole life, 3 weeks on a ketogenic diet. And this Alzheimer's diagnosed patient who had Down syndrome now had a brain that was not only working great, it was doing the best mom had ever seen it. And on a ketogenic diet, not only did she lose about 15 to 20 more pounds, but her world opened up again because her brain, which had Alzheimer's, no longer had that diagnosis. I was looking at some of the supporting studies around this, around the impact that can have on the brain. And studies show that in dementia, especially in Alzheimer's, the brain struggles to use glucose efficiently. Ketones provide an alternative clean fuel source. Um ketogenic diets can boost mitochondrial function and energy availability in brain cells. Keto lowers systemic inflammation, which is linked to slower cognitive decline. ketones may protect neurons from damage and promote the growth of new neural connections. And Alzheimer's is something called type 2 diabetes, which I've had a lot um and keto improves insulin insensitivity, potentially reducing this risk. And lastly, small studies show temporary improvements in memory and cognition in people with mild cognitive impairment or early Alzheimer's, but the evidence is early stage. Long-term adherence can be hard and the diet isn't suitable for everyone. Uh for example, underweight people um and people with certain medical conditions. Right. So, how do I measure my blood ketone levels? Uh, is that what are these devices are here on the table? >> Yeah. I mean, when I look at um uh giving patients the freedom to say don't don't come to me for the things that I that you can do at home. First thing is be willing to check data. >> Okay? So, blood way better than any other way to measure this. We're going to be able to see Should we have a contest which one's better? Yeah. Okay. Okay? So, you want to go first? Okay. So, what I'm going to do here is I have a finger prick here which is going to take some blood. Just going to prick my finger. Then I have this little reader and I also have this little strip here which I'm going to put my blood on to. And within a couple of seconds, it's going to tell me how many ketones I currently have in my body right now. And so, we're going to look at that at the same time as your blood sugar, which is how you can measure insulin. It's the best proxy for saying how high is his insulin. So, put both of them in there before you go cuz then you don't have to just prick yourself twice. Okay. So, A blue one is going to measure the ketones and a brown one is going to measure your glucose. Okay. And this device, how much does it cost if people want to buy it at home and start pricking their own Yeah, I think there's a kit that comes with about 50 strips so you can have ketones and glucose at the same time. I'm guessing it's around 70 bucks or maybe it's 60 or 70 dollars. I They have quite the Now, put it all in. There you go. And so, they'll still It'll lights on the other one, too, right? Perfect. Okay. So, prick your finger. Best to do it on the side of your finger cuz there's less nerves there. There you go. Good job. Okay. So, I'm going to put my blood onto this one, which is the keto reader. And it'll it'll count down uh see I think it's about My glucose is 86. Takes more blood for the keto one. And my keto levels are 0.9. >> 0.9. Okay. So, that's a Dr. Boz's ratio of 86 / .9, which is probably like 95 or something, like 90 five-ish, right? So, my glucose level's at 86. Is that high or low? That's good. Uh so, I would say that's not low, it's just good. Okay, and my ketone level's at .9. Right. So, when you look at them in comparison, like you want to have a blood sugar that's not triple digits, so that's very good. And the closer the higher you are above .5, the better the result. So, that's a pretty good number. So, if I'm in ketosis, >> Mhm. what reading would I have on this ketone meter? .5 or greater, but it would be also that you have that reading without a triple-digit blood sugar. So, when I look at the combination of them, I do a little math and say, "Your Dr. Boz ratio is like 95." So, you are burning fat right now. >> Okay? So, that's a good sign. When I am trying to help people who are trying to undo cancer or autoimmune or brain injuries, they have to have a better Dr. Boz ratio than that. Let's do your readings to see where you're at. All right. Drum roll. and 1.7. How are you at 1.7? What have you done? So, I've learned I would love to be 33 again and be able to eat that late at night. You said that I'm like, "Oh, it's been a while since I've eaten that late at night." It's probably the hardest thing to teach my patients too is like, "You don't appreciate how much insulin you make that late at night." Now, you're still in season where you get to just kick your heels and enjoy youth. But, at my age, you cannot do that. I can eat in the morning. I can have good calories of high fat and good protein in the morning. And I've learned to stop eating somewhere around 3:00 in the afternoon. Um in fact, if I Yeah, I know. >> 3:00 in the afternoon, you stop eating? That's usually the case. You know, what what's really hard though is how much of your life is social. Like you said, "Oh, there was this dinner party last night and I had pasta." And you're like, "Yep, uh that would be something I have to teach my patients. You have to say no to that. You cannot be eating at 10:00 at night if you want your insulin to not to not do that debris thing. And boy, when their memory isn't going well, when their friends are dying of uh memory problems, you know, it's I don't like using fear tactics. I don't think they last very long. But it is such a reality of poor performance that I can't do that. I cannot eat at 10:30 at night. What is it about being asleep that causes the sort of dysregulation? Like, what is it about it doing it at night? So now it's going to take that metabolic curve and in order to to store all of the part that gets stored and then turn the part into fat that needs to be tucked away and get back to baseline, it's going to be 8 hours, at least 8 hours. >> Which is fine. Right. >> Because I don't eat till I'm probably not going to eat till 2:00 p.m. >> Right. Well, you you missed one part. The sun will rise. When the sun rises, even if you're in solitary confinement, you cannot see the sun. Yeah. Your brain knows that the sun just went up and cortisol rises. Okay. Cortisol leaves your brain, goes to the liver and says, "You know that stored sugar, that glycogen, release." You make glucose first thing in the How much glucose? Depends on how insulin resistant you are. So you're going to you're going to have an uneaten meal when you wake up in the morning. Glucose has been stored for the this purpose. It's going to wake you up. It's going to give you the energy when sun rises to to fuel you. If you got a bunch stored, you're going to have a high blood sugar. Can we do Jack's ketone levels? I'd like to know what what Jack is at. >> Ooh, let's do that. What's Jack do for a for his We're about to find out. I don't think I'm going to No, wait a minute. Is Jack the one that did the VO2 max with Peter Attia? That was me. Well, you know, peak brain performance is my thing and one of the hardest brains to heal are chronic runners. That trauma thing is real. Like, it's so hard to explain to them, too. If you're a vegan who runs, ooh, you're in trouble. 95% of vegans that listen to this podcast frequently don't subscribe. All right, so his glucose is 88, not too bad. Ketones, boo. Absolutely. Yeah. That's an example of he is making trash. There's no trash going out. So, his ketone level is what .1 and his blood sugar is 88. So, if you take 88 divided by .1, it's like what, 1,000 or something? It's really high. 888, probably. That is a lot of trash being made. When that Dr. Boz ratio is high, you can't take it out. >> to say that to his face? I mean, I feel like I just think that when Peter Attia did that and said, "Oh, I had no idea." I'm like, you could have just checked this first thing in the morning for 5 days. If you have that kind of a Dr. Boz ratio, you're insulin resistant. You're insulin resistant. You have to be hitting that in a routine regular interval in life to not have those problems. To have osteoporosis at such a young age, a ketogenic state would not allow that. You would be using the resources much better. He actually did a test, it turns out he doesn't have osteoporosis. Oh, good. But that was >> shocking. Yeah. I was like You shouldn't have osteoporosis at your age. No, I think that was a misreading because of this kind of um Right. >> But on this on this point in particular, his ketone levels are 0.1. So, he's basically running off glucose. >> All glucose. And and so, why is that happening? Okay, whatever he ate, the insulin went up. So, let's say he was your exact same eating pattern. He ate last night, he had the 6-8 hours of sleep, the cortisol said, "Oh, the sun's rising." And it rose his blood sugar a little bit. Okay, when the sugar's high, you can't you can't your insulin's going to be high, too. You're not making ketones. When I did these this keto test with most of the team here. They were all around that region. They were were in the region of 0.1 ketones in their blood to 0.3. Welcome to my clinic in 10 That is trash being made, never being taken out. And so you'd say to them, you need to do some fasting, you need to You need to cut carbs. Yeah. I mean, if you're looking for a quick Okay, if they're in their 20s, I mean, I have three kids, right? And they have heard this chirp for 10 years. Uh I mean, how I got into this was my mother was very sick and she was sick because of a high insulin problem that caused cancer. So, we put her in a ketogenic state and everybody in the family got on board. So, here is three little boys who no longer have candy around. Now they're in their young 20s and for the first time they're actually listening to say, "Gosh, Mom." One of them's at Georgetown. He has to read for long periods of time for Georgetown Law School. And he's like, "If I'm not in a ketogenic state, I can't keep the focus." And I said Yeah, I said, "Well, how are you doing that?" At first, he tried some of the supplements, okay. But what really happened was he cut the carbs down and said, "I can say no to that because of the sustained brain power." I mean, it's really easy in your early 20s to do this. Cut the carbs even to 50. But prove to yourself that you made ketones and that return on your dividends is you won't be seeing me in 25 years. So, you have this idea of this keto continuum. Mhm. What is the ketone continuum? I read about it. I mean, it's it's a book here I have which you published in 2020 called The Ketone Continuum Consistently Keto for Life. Right. So, the keto continuum is this 12-step process Right. to get into a consistent keto >> Consistently keto. Yeah, that you're constantly taking out the trash. The first part is the beginner. Okay, so the first part, the beginner section, has four stages to it. Right. What are What are those four stages? Well, I like to tell patients that you never fall all the way off of the continuum. So, the first part the first step is really not keto, but it is that they're eating every two to three hours and if they fall off the wagon, that's usually where they land. So that's what most people start at. They're eating every two to three hours, they are not keeping their carbs less than 20. Step two is cut your carbs to 20. That's the only thing I need you to measure and you're going to be able to use a ketone strip, you know, measure ketones in your urine uh and that will ride you'll you'll ride a wave and that ketone production is happening, the fat-based hormones in your body are starting to resurrect, they're starting to do the things that they need to do and there'll be this magical moment in the not too near future where you skip a meal. And this that beginning stage how long does that last? I'll put this on the screen so everybody can see Sure. the continuum. Um how long does that initial beginner stage last for people? If they've been severely insulin resistant, this is the ones where I've said they took their carbs to 20 for for two weeks before they pee'd a ketone. So I use some other steps if that's how severe that is. But let's just take the average person. That's like not they're not 100 lbs overweight, they're hitting menopause and they've put on 25 lbs. When they drop their carbs to 20, they're peeing a ketone by the end of the week and they are missing their first meal by day 10. Okay, so day 10. And then it says when we get to stage five in the keto continuum, it says 16 80 16 8. Is that Yeah. So then we start to use time-restricted eating uh where I want we we're going to have your body will adapt. People say you can't stay on the keto diet because they go to step four and then they think that that's all they needed to do. There are several steps to reversing this problem and you'll know you have the right step if the ketones are still present in your in your blood. Your body will adapt though. So we start to say, all right, we're going to learn some new behaviors. We're going to learn what the nothing burger looks like at least for 16 hours out of the day. What does that mean? You do not eat a thing in those 16 hours. Now, I give them a little hedge because most people come in like you. They don't start eating until 2:00 in the afternoon and then they eat until 10:00. And I want them fat forward. I want lots of fat going in because insulin resistance, that high insulin state, means they've locked or they've insulated their fat on their body. And then we get stage seven where it says 23:1. Is that fasting for 23 hours a day and eating for 1 hour a day? >> And the there's a little bitty line between 16:8 and 23:1, but there's a whole bunch of life there. Meaning, we don't actually have patients go from 16 hours of fasting to 23. We have them slide it down by an hour, slide it down by an hour, and then we do that harder thing which is move it towards sunrise. Quit eating so late at night. And then the last stage here, so so step nine, 10, 11, and 12 is prolonged fasting between 36 and 72-hour fasting. Right. So, those folks that have high insulin for 20, you know, 15, 20 years, they're going to have to do a nothing burger for 36 hours in most of them to really give a good reset of their metabolism. And although you you look at other folks saying, "Oh, you should never do that if you're a woman. You should never do that over the age of 50." I'm saying you have too much insulin in your body. You have to do that to get the pancreas to make less insulin over time. On that point, between men and women, aren't there metabolic differences that need to be mentioned here? Because you know, when I sometimes when I do ketogenic fasting, my girlfriend, she takes much longer than me to get into a ketogenic state. And I'm wondering if her body is in some way trying to defend Mhm. the switch. >> Have you ever seen the the reality show Alone? Oh, no. I'm not a reality show guy. I'm not either, but they drop these people off in the middle of nowhere and they starve them to death. And you watch the fat come off of them. And the men, the fat just melts off of them. And the women, they do what your girlfriend does. It just holds on to them. That we are designed to have that fat on them. So, asking them to do a ketogenic state, you'll hear people say, "Oh, it's going to ruin your hormones. Oh, it's going to You can't do that." And um I would say you can have all those conversations once their insulin is normal. Well, I have lots of women in childbearing years that are excessive producers of insulin. And their vitamin D is low, their estrogen is low, they have hair loss on the top of their head, they have skin tags throughout their body, or maybe the first sign was they had PCOS. Okay, all of these are a sign that insulin came in and it's too high in their body. So, lowering it has rules. And if you want to have a baby, carry a baby, uh have uh the weight come off after you've gestated a baby, um have weight not be your enemy during menopause, you have to be making ketones at a routine and regular interval. And start with the food. Start with the menus in the kitchen. Don't run to the gym first. I've noticed uh in women in my life that they've told me that their menstrual cycles become more synced up when they are in a lower carbohydrate diet. Right. Their hormones can hear each other. I mean, when insulin is high, insulin dictates what that sugar does, but it also is the dictator for every morsel of fat. And estrogen, testosterone, vitamin D, they're all a derivative of fat, of cholesterol. And they are They're put into the fat cells. If you biopsy an obese woman and say, "Can I see is there any vitamin D hidden in there? Is there any estrogen? Is there any Yes, they're all in those fat cells. You start to lower their insulin and the fat mobilizes. So, the hormones that are naturally communicated between women, they can actually hear them again. I mean, that that tribal thing. If a woman were to stay in a ketogenic state permanently, would there be any disruption to her metabolic health? You mean like me? Yeah. Like you know, her menstrual cycles, her uh yeah, anything. >> No, I think it's You're going to find people that it shouldn't be extreme, meaning I've been on this for 15 years. The ketogenic phase is at least 20 out of 30 days uh in a month the first few years I was on it. Now at 55 uh menopause in the last year um I'm like without a ketone, my brain doesn't work right now without a ketone. Uh my energy goes to pot. And I've been walking women through menopause for 25 years. It is not a fun story when they're insulin resistant. So, prepare. Uh have the flexibility of that mitochondria to use both ketones and glucose, and that's what a ketogenic state is. Well, we have 12 cans of sardines here, and uh I I I wondered why you you brought sardines. What you >> Well, yes. That's a hell of a tool. So, um when you're trying to help patients change behavior, Uh good luck getting that off. Yeah, sardines rank for uh the worst smelling, but they're not the worst tasting. Now when it comes to bitter in fish, they don't have the bitterness that tuna does. So. Tell me about sardines. Why why should I be eating sardines? When you're trying to teach patients, those stats that you read off a minute ago, they don't care. They need a very clear step on how do I begin. And when you're working with somebody who cannot seem to get their ketones to rise, and I give them a whole list of menus, it's too noisy. Let's take it down to one food that is high in fat, high in some of the best fats, high in protein, it's whole foods, and it's affordable for everybody under the sun. Okay, so you do you do you like a sardine fast? Yeah. So in fact that that 21-day we 21-day is that 3-week course where I say I will teach you how to do an advanced ketogenic diet where everybody will be peeing key or making abundant ketones. On day six uh I say all right, the only thing on the menu for the next 3 days is sardines. There's no eating window. You can eat as much as you want. There's no limit to the amount. And what I'm pushing them to do is not only eat a nutrient-dense food, but I want them to feel satiety. I want them to feel full. Do I need to be consuming a lot of fat as well? There's plenty of fat in there. But I mean generally cuz what this is one of the the fat Yeah. >> things that always puzzles me is I'll I'll go say I went a week without eating carbohydrates. Sometimes I'm still not in ketosis. And I think I heard somewhere that it's because my fat Right. So >> enough. So Yeah. So again, at the time you went you went 7 days without eating hardly any carbs, right? And you still didn't make a lot of ketones. Okay. So you had fat on your body? Yeah. Okay. So why didn't the fat get to your mitochondria? Excess insulin. Okay? You had been in a high insulin state. So if you swallow the fat, then you can turn it into ketones. Right now all your fat's locked under this insulin bed. If you kept going, it would eventually hit, but that's painful. I mean I have patients who do it for 2 weeks. So what you're saying? You're saying that I need to have enough fats? >> Yeah. So if you put the sardines in oil, uh that's a great high-fat, high-protein. Uh it's also a little easier to masticate the the meat. And you'll have high-fat, high-protein, and you'll have beautiful ketones by by 48 hours, maybe 72. And what what is the the composition of my diet in terms of protein, fats, and carbohydrates when I'm trying to get into a ketogenic state? Yeah, I don't let people get distracted by this, right? I say look at your finger. If it's got a high ketone, you have got enough fat and enough protein uh and low enough carbs. What most people have is the story you told. I've been doing this for 5 days. Why don't I make any ketones? And the answer is what is hidden behind the chemistry is too much insulin. You've got to have and so that's a great place to say put the fat up, keep the carbs low and the ketones will come. When you say put the fat up, you mean eat more fatty foods. Give me an example of the type of shopping list that if I was trying to get in a ketogenic state and stay there, I would have. Yeah, my one of my favorite things is pork belly, more eggs, beef brisket, ribs. Avocado? Avocado have beautiful marketing team, but they do have carbs in them and I've had people overeat them. Like I have four avocados today. I'm like, that's you're on the wrong bandwagon there. Avocado makes the list, don't get me wrong, but it's not a diet of mostly avocado with a sprinkle of chicken breast. That's not going to get you into ketosis. The fat has to be higher than that. Most of the time when I'm really struggling with a patient who just can't seem to make ketones, can't seem to make ketones and they won't do the sardines, I've said eat butter for a day. That's 100% fat. Okay, so you can just have increase the butter or Yeah, you could have that. Okay, so that Are there carbs in here? No. No. No, it's just fat. Mhm. Mhm. And it's not awful, but it is a great social experiment where they haven't felt what satiety feels like in a while. People talk about net carbs. They say, you know, an avocado has 12 g of carbs in, but it has 10 g of fiber, so the net carbs is two. If you've never had insulin resistant, you can do it that way. My patients have had high insulin and I don't play that game. It's got to be total carbs. Fiber is for farting. Do you recognize this photo of this lady? Oh, yes. Who is she? >> Why, she is just a great story. Jane had uh she had pathology with how she thought about food. Like many patients. She uh she had food as the way she coped with a lot of things. And as long as she was clearing her plate and using that food, it covered a lot of wounds. When you start to address some of these things, I mean, the ketogenic diet doesn't fail if you just follow the chemistry. The ketogenic diet fails when you have humans who've had wounds, who've had a history, who have stress, who don't sleep. And Jane was a great story where all the goodness in the world it couldn't undo some of that relationship she had with food. Uh so, the first time she one of the coaches that I used for that 21 day, and she just has the best outcomes cuz she was doing the a strong ketogenic diet, you know, for those 3 weeks twice a year. And she decided that after I think the third class, she was going to do sardines only for 30 days. And she writes me at the end of the 30 days, can't believe how great she feels. And really kind of addressed some of those demons associated with why she would eat what she would eat. And then life hit again, and she put on some of the weight again. Um she'd used sardines intermittently. And she called me and said, "All right, I think I'm going to do this again. I'm going to just go on sardines and really have a some come to Jesus moments on why it why it is that I do some of the things I do." I mean, it's a really vulnerable moment where you can hide those moments. You can never tell a soul what's really going on through your mind, and she was going to address them. And I said, "Well, I have a bone to pick with Joe Rogan. He has said some inappropriate things about sardines, like they're arsenic poisoning. So, I'd like to check a few blood levels in you before you start." So, I check her vitamin D, we check her arsenic, selenium, and a few other things. And she starts on her sardine challenge her sardine journey, and she goes 100 days. 100 days of only sardines. And not only does she first of all, her vitamin D, she did not take any vitamin D, she stopped her vitamin. It went from like the 30s and 40s up to just maybe over 100, 108 or something. Uh her selenium didn't do anything naughty. Her arsenic did not do anything naughty like Joe Rogan said it would. And she was able to um not only shed the pounds, but really say some truths about why she was eating so much. And she confronted the pathology about why why is she using food for those other things? You know, I do this thing in the 21-day where I ask them to find their best day in their life. And I'm trying to just get them to think about what does that feel like? What did What did that look like? And then we go to the worst day in their life. And Jane wrote something that really touched me. She said, "I don't think I've ever had the best day of my life." This was probably the third or fourth time we'd done that exercise, so she'd done it in a way where it didn't bring any extra attention, but she was she spoke a truth that just said, "I've had this fear for so long that for the first time I'm going to say out loud that I'm looking for the best day of my life, and I feel like I have the freedom to do it." That's what happened after 100 days of sardines. So, if she eats sardines for 100 days, she's probably not going to get like the gut microbiome. She has the best gut microbiome. Doesn't she need to be eating plants to Oh, no. Fibers for farting. So, you're looking at a gut biome, right? And so, tell me what you think that is. Uh lots of bugs that have been feeding on plants. Okay, yes. Pooterate has uh has part of that equation. So, gut biome is the slime layer inside your gut. It's where the critters live. It's where they set up homes and they If you have a really good slime layer, it's squishy. It's dense. It's not moth-eaten. It's not aqueous or water-like. It's squishy. And when you put plants in there, when you put fiber in there, it tears that down. Uh and you say, "Well, fiber's needed for this because some of those bugs eat up on the fiber and they put out some butyrate and that helps these other bacteria to to grow." You're like, "Yeah, that's one way to get a good microbiome." But we haven't been fiber eaters forever. And when you look at many of my carnivore patients, especially when they've got, you know, some of those little fish scattered into that carnivore diet, um their symptoms of irritable bowel, of chronic diarrhea, of, you know, bloody ulcers reverse. Why? Cuz that gut biome got a lot stronger and a lot healthier. So, the things that I from doing this podcast for a long time, the things that I'd I'd be concerned about if I just ate sardines for a prolonged period of time, or really any diet, I guess, for a prolonged period of time, a narrow diet, would be the fiber issue we talked about. Um and then all the other things that are just not in sardines. I mean, vitamin C. Yeah, you still get a lot good vitamin C. So, vitamin C has different rules when you go carnivore. What about magnesium? Yeah, lots of that. Uh magnesium I still think is one of the supplements we all need. What about the sodium overload? Cuz these are very salty, right? >> Your sodium churn, how well you use sodium, is dependent on how well you've eaten in the last week. So, when you increase the sodium, those receptors get better. When you decrease the sodium, those receptors shut down. That's a That is an adjustment that everybody will make. What about things like mercury and the other sort of metal toxins? >> Little fish, little problems. You got the right one for mercury. Again, we tested that for her, too. 100 days, no problem. Are there especially in the can, as well? I I think I've got a bit of an issue with canned food these days because I've heard so many >> Microplastics. Microplastic toxins, etc. I think you're majoring in the minor leagues there. That the the amount of benefit that people get from sardines versus whatever might be in those in that can. I tell patients not to worry about it. And then the last point I said was about digestive and mood issues because the that microbiome is so So linked to brain, absolutely. Serotonin, isn't it? The the I mean serotonin is in the gut, but it's it's a huge part of like a GLP-1, GIP, they're all produced hormones in the gut that are hugely impacting your brain. And when you want GLP-1 to be made, have a strong thick microbiome. You do not need fiber to do that. You need butyrate. Butyrate is that two-carbon uh fat that comes from Akkermansia, you know, chewing up the fiber, right? Or beta-hydroxybutyrate in your blood. That's that ketone thing you're got over there. Oh. These things. Yeah, all of them. Gosh, I forgot. There you go, yes. Keto It's a beta-hydroxybutyrate is what that is going to turn into your circulation. Butyrate is a fat chain that's two carbons long. That's what the you're asking that microbiome to say, "Here, this long string of fiber is coming along." And that that little bug is going to eat a piece of it and make butyrate, two carbons of fat. That's one of these things that you're talking about. You need to have butyrate. You need to have butyrate. That's what every every Why are you even invited? You got to have butyrate. All these, you know, experts come on my show and they talk about the importance of having a diverse I know. I I've watched a bunch of them. Diverse microbiome, yes. And what I think >> So it's not going to be diverse if I'm just eating one thing. Oh, yes, it will. In the same way. You know, what So that's the whole point of a microbiome is what what, you know, diverse enough to be supportive. I mean, diverse enough to have the the two-chain fat that you want to have in there. I mean, go back uh and and look at when our bodies were just eating um you know, fish or carnivore. Uh they the beauty of a microbiome is how much it does adjust in every patient. What about supplementation? What are the key supplements that you don't live without on a daily basis? Vitamin D turns out to be a a really important one. I If I'm eating sardines uh four or five cans a week, I probably don't need vitamin D, but Why is it so important, vitamin D? Yeah, it's a hormone, right? A hormone that goes and talks to every one of the cells in your body and it tells that cell to be its best version of itself. That hormone uh goes to the nucleus and it makes that skin cell do something different. It makes your brain cell do something different. It makes your heart cell do something different. You read all the benefits about vitamin D and you think it's like it's like it does everything. Like, well, how can it do all of these things? And the reason why is it is not just a vitamin, it's a hormone that changes how the cell functions. Unfortunately, it's made of fat. So, if you have high insulin, it gets stuck parked in your fat cells and it didn't get to the cell. Is there a link between vitamin D and ketosis and weight loss and insulin? Yeah, it's actually why I pointed out that when Jane did that 100 day uh she's been struggling with her vitamin D it in the 30s or 40s. Right. But for the best brain, we want it to be a 50. So, she starts on the sardine challenge, it's in the 30s or 40s, and she's supplementing. She's taking as much as she can. But what's happening? Her insulin was putting it in her fat. She goes on sardines, which have vitamin D in them. By the end, her vitamin D was 105 108, something like that. So, you can see the experts say don't go above 100, but the I don't I don't have any worry over hers being 108. What happened was she lowered her insulin and now fat can move around in her body like it's supposed to. And part of that fat isn't just her estrogen. It was her vitamin D. She looks like 20 years younger. Isn't it amazing? You should see how joyful she is. That's the part that you're like, what unlocked during those 100 days of you can say food restriction, but vitamin D went up, insulin went down, and she really said, "How many things am I going to comfort in my life from food?" And let's let's let's tackle that demon. Did it stick? Yeah, that's the cool part. The world of business looks entirely different today than it did 15 years ago. Back then building a brand meant having huge budgets, warehouses, office space, and lots and lots of staff. But now you can start a business with your laptop, an idea, and the right tools. And I would know more so than anybody else because that's exactly what I did. Shopify is one of our long-standing sponsors on this show, and they're a brand I often refer people to when they're starting their businesses because it's a tool that contains many more tools within itself. And when you're starting out, everything is everywhere. It's messy and it's confusing, so having everything in the same place is incredibly useful. Shopify puts store design, payments, inventory, shipping, and even AI tools all in one place. And you can sell directly from your website or on social media, essentially wherever your customers spend their time. It's truly a brilliant business tool. So if you want to give it a go, head to shopify.com/bartlett and sign up for your $1 per month trial period. That's shopify.com/bartlett. What are What about the other supplements that you would not live without? Well, I think the whole world's low in magnesium. I wish I could Magnesium? Yeah. So magnesium is required for every little It's like the spark plug in our bodies. It's a little metal, and it's how ATP gets recycled, and you need it for almost every enzyme. But our food is low in it, our foods our soil is low on it. You just got to replace it. I I use magnesium supplements, but I also have my patients go for a magnesium float. What's that? Uh ever seen pictures of people in the Dead Sea? No. Uh they're floating, right? This the salinity or the salt level is so high and it stinks, right? It's a stinky place. It's magnesium. So, they go in there, they soak in the magnesium and you're like, "Oh my gosh, I feel so much better." Like that's got to be junk science, right? Well, it turns out it's not. So, you can get magnesium absorbed through your skin and just like, I don't know, in the 1990s you'd go rent time in a tanning bed, you can rent time in a magnesium float. Any of this? So, omega-3, if you're not doing fish, uh you can't go wrong with omega-3. And you know, uh I Stephen, I really push my patients to have ketones around. What you When you say ketones, you mean external >> Exogenous ketones, yeah. So, what exogenous means external, externally consumed. There may be some on the table here. I'm an investor in this company, actually, so that's probably worth saying. Keto IQ. Um there you've got some other ones here, which are What's this? It's like a >> That's ketone salts. So, this one is just beta-hydroxybutyric acid. My husband is definitely allergic to stevia, so I said, "I'll make this one for you, honey." It's just liquid ketones. Okay. No No sweeteners, no fillers, nothing. >> And is there a difference between taking external ketones through a drink or through the salts or whatever else versus actually being in the ketogenic state because of your diet? When you make it, it is much more abundant. But when you do what people do, they fall off the wagon or they're very insulin resistant, so their body is trying to catch up to to equilibrate. You want ketones put back in circulation because it will spark their liver to make ketones. So, it really is a jump-start for patients with chronic insulin resistance, chronic problems. We got about, you know, 6 years of getting them to the healthiest version of themselves as long as they don't fall off the wagon. So, when they are doing okay and now they need to get back on the track. Give them a dose of ketones and by putting ketones in their circulation like that, by checking their blood, the liver will make ketones. So, it's not just a fuel, they will feel It's a signal for the liver to make more >> But I'm not going to be burning fat then, am I? You will. I mean, again, ketones beget ketones. When you are making ketones, your body makes more ketones. So, if you jump start it by swallowing some, you get better tomorrow, get a better tomorrow. And usually, if somebody's falling off the wagon, I'll have them do ketones for like 3 days and the fourth day they are on their own again and they'll stay steady for couple of weeks and then they'll have pasta. I I that's why I invested in this company because I'm actually a co-owner of the business now and because I saw the benefits of having exogenous ketones on a regular basis. Right. So, if anyone wants to try them, go to keton.com. And your brain will use it like that. I mean, it's beautiful, right? When I use my ketone reader, it appears in about 15 minutes or 20 minutes or so, so And their liver then makes more ketones for the next 12 hours. That's the part that I I especially for my cancer patients or people who are really I mean, we need ketones high for their They got chemo tomorrow, they can't afford to say go fast for $40, they don't have the time. So, let me help you and there's nothing better than going into that chemotherapy, going into that radiation with a bunch of antioxidants in circulation coming right out of your liver. Explain why that matters. I mean, I've got a photo here of a Grandma Rose. Grandma Rose. Yeah, that's my mother. She is the reason I'm here. Been 5 years. Yeah, 2015. The the most stubborn patient walks through the door after 10 years of the best health care I know how to give. And she's gray, she looks like a zombie. And she's got big lymph nodes in her neck. You don't need to be a doctor to know that she's dying. Cancer was back again. And we go to see the oncologist and he says you need chemotherapy and she says, "Like hell. The last two times you did that to me, I didn't know what a sewing machine was." And she made all of my clothes until I was the age of 10. And she's nervous because she has 6 months to live we don't do something. And she asks me a question that lots of patients have asked me this question and I just sometimes lie. She said, "If it was you, what would you do?" That's a really emotional question because there's guidelines, there's the rules, here's what you're supposed to do as the doctor. But when it's your mom. And I have I saw what chemotherapy did to her. It was terrible. She didn't know the grandkids. She didn't It was terrible. And we just got her back to functional again. And so I said I had been reading about the ketogenic diet on brain injuries and I'd come across a couple of studies on what it can do to a cancer patient, especially an insulin-driven cancer patient like she was. I said, "Mom, do you trust me?" I'm like, "A fool." She said, "With my whole life." We were standing there in the in the waiting room of the hospital. One way was to schedule the chemotherapy and the other way was the front door. I said, "Mom, let's get in the car together." I left my car there. I I to my family farm, which was 100 miles away. And I explained to my mother what a ketone was. And her brain wasn't working right, so she didn't quite remember. And we went to the house, we threw out every carbohydrate, and man, at 6 weeks with chemotherapy, her numbers were supposed to drop by 30% of her cancer. We didn't tell the doctor, we just put her on a ketogenic diet and said, "We'll come back in 6 weeks." And so she's walking through the door of the hospital at 6 weeks from there, and it is like God has just the Holy Spirit is rising out of her. She looks amazing. So we go to get her blood drawn. We're sitting in the waiting room for the for the cancer doctor. And he's my friend. He knows He's known me for 10 years, so I'm scared to tell him what we're about to do. So we're sitting in there waiting, and they come and draw her blood again, which either means it's really good or it's really bad. And so I get really nervous at the end. We've been in that room for about an hour, and I said, "Mom, if he asks you what you're doing, just shut up, cuz I don't know what to tell him." And he walks in, and he slides the piece of paper over to me and says, "How did you get her numbers to drop by 70%? There's no drug on the market that would do that." When you say numbers? Her cancer numbers. So the chemo would have dropped it by 30%, and the ketogenic diet dropped it by 70% in 6 weeks. And she went from a 70-year-old that looked 100 to a 75-year-old who looked 40. How did your your mother get on from that point onwards? Yeah, she she lived her best life. I mean, I talk about her being from this little town of 800 people, she was Mary Poppins. I mean, you don't have a ladies aid unless you're a part of the ladies aid in the in the little small town, you don't have a Sunday school teacher unless you're doing the Sunday school. She was in every aspect of this little town. And she went back to doing all of it. And the pandemic hit and there's a thrift store that she would volunteer at because well, it's just a good place to put your And the community needs it. And while she was at the thrift store she got COVID. And her cancer was of the T-cells, which means it's going to be the first line of defense against COVID. And her her T-cells failed. Some of Some of the science behind this talks about how cancer cells often rely heavily on glucose for energy. A phenomenon known as the Warburg effect. The keto diet drastically reduces carbohydrate intake forcing the body to produce ketones for fuel instead of glucose. Healthy cells can use ketones efficiently. Many cancer cells cannot. So, in theory, keto could starve tumors while supporting normal tissue. And they've done some animal studies that show it can slow tumor growth in some cancers, especially brain cancers like glioblastoma >> Glioblastoma, yeah. enhance response to radiation or chemotherapy in certain models and reduce inflammation and oxidative stress creating less a less cancer-friendly environment. However, results are mixed. They may also benefit muscle mass and weight stability in patients losing muscle from treatment, may improve energy levels and mental clarity for some people and could reduce insulin and IGF-1 levels, hormones linked to cancer growth, may improve quality of life when used alongside standard treatments like chemotherapy. And there's also also a list of potential risks which I'll throw up on the screen. And I guess the summary here is keto may help by lowering glucose and insulin, reducing inflammation, and supporting that metabolism. But it can be risky if it leads to malnutrition, fatigue, or worse in treatment tolerance. One patient I got a lot of people calling and saying, "Is it going to help my cancer? Is it going to help my cancer?" And Stephen, I go back to the same thing. The amount of trash that you've not been taking out, we have to start. And when you put them in a ketogenic state, I mean, it really helped her cancer. It really did that Warburg effect. She was a a new human within 3 weeks. But she had a lot of trash to take out. This was a year and a half before she got to be the best version of herself. And it really did return and restore her to to health. When I look at patients now who say, you know, can is I am I going to reverse my cancer with a ketogenic diet? I'm like, no, but you are going to deal with it a lot better. I guess that's really what it comes down to. It's like creating a better environment. So that if disease does arrive, obviously there is a, you know, with a lot of diseases there is a causal element where the way we and our lifestyle does create the disease. Right. Um but also when that disease arrives, what like environment is your body in to deal with it? >> Amen. I think a lot about this. I think in part because of the pandemic where for the first time in my fairly young life, I saw that your current physiological environment, so your current the current state of your body, was the single biggest predictor of your outcomes. >> Amen. Oh, it was terrible. So I was like 30 years old and I was like, well, if you're currently overweight, your cha- chance of dying from COVID is really, really high. And so I think that was one of the big sort of protagonists in me getting into shape was realizing that, you know, disease is probably going to happen to But how my body responds to it is to be determined. Well, and I look at how much when you're asking an older person to lose weight. And you just read something really important there, which is when those ketones are in circulation, it is a signaling agent to make more ketones, but it also signals the body to say don't use muscle mass as a resource. Go for the fat. So you can see this protective I mean, you take people through chemotherapy and they have, you know, they shed way too many pounds, right? You put them in a ketogenic state and their muscle mass gets higher preserved, their brain function, their ability to handle this, you know, one of life's most enormous fears is death. And that mood stability and muscle mass protection, because they've got ketones in circulation, boy, that's the gift that they need right now in in high numbers. What is um I've heard you talk about methylene blue? Oh. >> For brain health. Ever done that? No. Oh my goodness. >> What is it? Well, it's old as dirt. So, nobody's making money on it. But it is a dye. And so, if you swallow it, you'll pee blue. But it's also a bridge for how to help mitochondria move fuel along. So, one of the worst parts, you asked me this question about supplements. And I really have a tough time saying which supplements actually get to the cells that the patients are looking for. There is a really great fact about methylene blue that when you swallow it, it actually was used for malaria treatment or anti-malaria for soldiers. And they would check compliance by making sure that their pee was blue. But when they died, at autopsy, they had blue brains and blue hearts. It would dye these organs blue. You say, "My gosh, that's so strange." But do you know what that tells me? It got to the cells that it was advertising it was going to get to. So, you look at methylene blue, it's supposed to supercharge your brain. And I'm like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've heard this before." So, I've I read about it, and I'm like, "Wow, there is a lot of literature on this." And then I did what I normally do, which is, "Well, let me take it for a couple weeks." It was amazing. It was amazing. Like I I was floored at how well that little trick you worked. So, there's no money to be made on it. It's a It's been around as long as dirt. But it's a powerful brain energizer. Like it helps the mitoch- the electrical stimulus of the mitochondria in your brain keep energy high. Especially for like high energy brains, I I love it. I'm like I put that in my morning morning coffee. Which is where I the April Fool's joke, because nobody can see it in their coffee, but they definitely pee blue. And do you take creatine as well? I do take creatine, yeah. Yeah, it's great. That brain supplement is awesome. Do you do? I do, but I might talk to the other day, I think he was suggesting that I might have taken too much. Why? Some liver scan I had and he was saying that Liver scan or kidney scan? >> Kidney scan, that was Kidney scan. So, that's a trick. Don't don't fall for that. I mean, I've done a couple of big shows on this where creatine is what you're going to measure kidney function with. You know, when your doctor checked your kidneys, he probably had you pee in a cup and check your blood. Yeah. Yeah, so he's looking at what did you pee out and what how clean is your blood? That's what kidneys do. He just did a blood test. Okay, well, even the blood test, it the trash was looking like it was a little higher because the trash you're measuring is creatine. Uh creatinine, uh and which is made from your supplement. So, you put the supplement in and it looks like there's more trash around, but that's just the supplement. It's falsely elevated. It's not true. You your kidneys did not get hurt by that. This I answer this question probably 30 times a week. I have a standard email saying, "Here's what happened. Don't measure that." There's other ways you could have measured your kidney that would not have been manipulated by that supplement. Uh what it does for brain function, especially if there's any ADHD, man, they love it. They they just focus for a long period of time. I mean, it's got other great findings like if you how how often do you fly over to London? I fly a lot. Yeah, that's the best part about it is that the the the jet lag part of it is really good studies on this. Like, your reset of sleep is going to be augmented if you take like 20 g of it after the flight. 10 in the morning, 10 at night. Uh and those are great studies. Like, you know, Navy SEALs just sleep deprived, watch what happens when you add creatine. A lot of women don't take creatine cuz they've historically thought of it as like a bodybuilder thing. >> Right. It's a brain thing. And you take creatine every day. Mhm. How much do you take? So, two scoops. Yeah. >> Every single day. >> 7 days a week. >> I put my methylene blue in it, too. Down it first thing in the morning. I got blue-dyed creatine. I mean, those two supplements are just they they blew my mind with the amount of research out there, and then I did Uh I mean, I'm not a big bodybuilder. I do some crossfitty kind of stuff three times a week. Um so, there's that, but I do it for the brain The brain stuff is really impressive. At the moment in society, people are talking a lot about GLP-1s and Ozempic and all this kind of stuff. And um I was wondering if there's any harms or downsides in your view of using these Ozempic, Wegovy, GLP-1 protagonists. Antagonists, yeah. Antagonists. >> Antagonists, antagonists. Antagonists. And if there's a natural version for those of us that are looking to have less cravings. Um but but we don't want to take GLP-1s. We don't want to be injecting ourselves. Yeah, so those hormones are powerful. I mean, you if you think that weight loss isn't a hormonal problem, show up at a medical clinic. That That they are powerful hormones that hijack people into a healthier uh or at least a weight loss stage. But when you're looking at using this powerful hormone, okay, and use it for a short time, use it for a long time, what are the rules? These are brand new. One of the analogies I use for patients Steven, if you wanted to have legs with no hair on them, how would you accomplish that? >> Shave them. Right, because that would be short-term, easy, and reversible. You would not take chemotherapy, the most powerful, amazing, they'll be every hair on your body will be off in the next 2 weeks. And it's short-term, they'll come back, but there's a price to pay when you're using a really powerful unit to do something for a vanity reason. So, it's where I like to begin when I talk about GLP-1s. It's It's amazing. You will lose fat and So, what do I do instead then? So, there's great ways to lower GLP-1s or great ways to raise GLP-1s, right? Uh for starters, um when you're overweight, it suppresses it a lot. So, getting the weight off is a huge part of it. That's why this ketogenic diet is so powerful. We'll get the weight off. And that will lift naturally the GLP-1s. Is there other ways to suppress um well, suppress to I was going to say suppress my appetite, but more to just get rid of the cravings. >> Well, you'll suppress the appetite by raising those hormones. So, you put in allulose, that's a great little boost to that. You put in butyrate. Whether or not that's the bug that you were talking about or the supplements. Butyrate increases and stimulates GLP-1. And butyrate just for for those that might not know that word again. Right. That's a That is what a ketone looks like floating around your blood. Okay. Yeah. Uh so, a ketogenic state will raise those hormones and suppress appetite. I've seen a bunch of studies on that that show that when people are high in ketones >> ketones, they have a a suppressed appetite. >> Right. And that is linked to the production of some of these hormones, these really great hormones. But, you make them naturally, and so it's not the addiction part. It's the natural way to make it. >> I I do find that anyway. I find that when I'm I guess it could be something to do with my dopamine receptors as well in my brain, but I find that when I'm in a ketogenic diet, my cravings for the things that I once craved, like I don't know, like carrot cake or cinnamon rolls, they just completely seem to vanish. That's the same thing that happens when you give them that shot, too. Oh, really? When you give them GLP-1? Yes. Okay. And I mean, the beautiful part is you're young. You'll make a lot of GLP- You've already made healthy GLP-1. You'll hijack and suppress it by being overweight and high insulin. So, constantly delivering ketones to your blood, that's how you keep it high. Then you don't end up on the shot, which is expensive and very powerful. I always think, you know, when we give people advice on things like weight loss, there's always a part missing, which is this part about like discipline and motivation or whatever one might call it, which is the is gives somebody the sort of activation energy to even stick to it. Do you think about this much in your patients? Do you think about motivation? It's huge. I mean, again, most people show up because there's been a recent crisis. Somebody died, they had a diagnosis, something broke, they didn't repair well. All of that is true, and I can get them motivated for a little while. And then we have the long game. You look at that story with 100 days of sardines, okay? That's 2 years into her journey, where she finally says, "Okay, there's this demon that keeps coming about, and I keep falling off for all the wrong you know, all the reasons everybody else does." And so she commits to this 100 days. And what happens is a whole bunch of things go right, her hormones go up, and she has an amazing story. But most people are not going to do that. So, in my practice, I do say these the smallest dose of these hormones, I'll help you when you're struggling. I want you in a ketogenic state before we we begin. I can use much less of that hormone, and then you have ownership of this. Because if I come in and do all of the work again, it's like every other thing I've been doing for the last 20 years. Here's your symptom, here's my diagnosis, here's the prescription. And I need it to be you that succeeds I'll lift you a little bit. So, what do you Is there any tricks to get someone to be motivated? Is there any Do you have to focus them on their why? >> Yeah. Exactly, right. You're right. Uh that that first trick is get out of crisis mode, okay? The crisis is what brings them in, but to stay the course, you have to get to a very serious moment where you say, "What What motivates me? What at the deepest heart am I most insecure about that I am going to do when all else fails? When everybody else gives up? I'm going to find something that I'm this little farm kid from the middle of nowhere, who was you know, third grade stinky girl. You know, like I was a farm kid. I was a hog farmer's daughter. I wasn't the smart one. I wasn't the, you know, the best one. I'm going to carry that insecurity with me until the day I die. What has that done? It makes me work really hard when everybody else gives up. Now, finding that for them and and using that using that harness to say, "Your biggest failure, your biggest insecurity can be your power by reframing it." And that why we work on that every time we do that 21-day. Jane, she did that four times before she really got to the core center. Why do you keep doing this? That's how people stay motivated. It's a true It's a truth serum. All I had to do was brain dump. Imagine if you had someone with you all times that could take the ideas you have in your head, synthesize them with AI to make them sound better and more grammatically correct, and write them down for you. This is exactly what WhisperFlow is in my life. It is this thought partner that helps me explain what I want to say, and it now means that on the go, when I'm alone in my office, when I'm out and about, I can respond to emails and Slack messages and WhatsApps and everything across all of my devices just by speaking. I love this tool. And I started talking about this in my behind-the-scenes channel a couple of months back, and then the founder reached out to me and said, "We're seeing a lot of people come to our tool because of you. So, we'd love to be a sponsor. We'd love you to be an investor in the company." And so, I signed up for both of those offers, and I'm now an investor and a huge partner in a company called WhisperFlow. You have to check it out. WhisperFlow is four times faster than typing. So, if you want to give it a try, head over to whisperflow.ai/doac to get started for free. And you can find that link to WhisperFlow in the description below. Have you ever heard about this before, this thing I'm holding in my hands now? This is called KetoneIQ. The website is ketone.com. You've heard me on this podcast talking about the fact that I stay much of the year in a ketogenic state, which is a highly restricted diet. And the reason I do that is plentiful. One of them is I spend hours and hours talking to people for a living. So, I want to make sure my brain is firing in an optimal way. And the other reason that I do the ketogenic diet is because I just feel better. So, when I discovered this, which is what they call an exogenous ketone product, where you can drink it and it increases your blood's ketone levels, I was blown away. I contacted them, I met them, I invested extremely heavily into their company, and I've become a co-owner of the company accordingly, and they sponsor this show now. So, if you want to try this out for yourself, I recommend you try it. Just visit ketone.com/steven and you'll get 30% off your first subscription order. You'll also get a free gift with your second shipment. That's ketone.com/steven. I was reading about what happened to you in 2011, 2010, 2011, when you reach what you you refer to as your breaking point in corporate medicine. >> And you had some issues because you were I think helping some people who were homeless. Yep. What what do what do I need to know about that and how has that shaped you? Corporate medicine has lots of flaws, and you get tired of answering the same question over and over and over again. So, you put some stuff up on YouTube and you start to say, "Here's the education I wish I could give you." Uh and this starts to work. But that's not the that's not the path if you're in a corporate medicine. You're going to ruffle feathers, you're going to tick people off. I left corporate medicine, started my own thing, and I'm living out a 2-year non-compete. Do you know what that means? That you can't do medicine for 2 years? In that same market where they recruited me and they had advertised for me. Okay. Okay? So, you can't compete with what we just put money into for 2 years. And they said, "You can see the homeless and you can see Medicaid." Medicaid being the like government-funded medical medicine program. >> Low income. So, I said they don't know me very well. Those are just as much my people as anybody else. I'm taking care of some Native Americans. They were the ones in the shelters. They're the ones with the low income. And those teenagers were overweight and they were eating kitty litter. They were eating toilet paper. Their iron was so low the machine couldn't measure it. So, they're super malnourished. I started doing what I would do if you had all the money in the world. I took care of these patients. I gave them IV iron. She gave them iron. Which was expensive. It caused a ruckus. I got put on the radar of somebody that did not like that. So, this is the budget. The whole state gets a budget for how much you're going to spend on each patient. Yeah. I mean by expensive it was like 350 bucks per person. That's not that expensive. >> Mhm. But it was and nobody else was doing it. And I got a sticky note inside an envelope from the state capital. Stop doing Cadillac medicine. Yeah. So, you you were sued eventually? Oh, they they called Medicaid fraud. Okay. They thought I was wasting Medicare's numbers because I was giving IV iron. And I said, "No, I didn't bill for it bill for it. I paid for it." And when I paid for the medicine for these impoverished patients, they said, "Well, that's Medicaid fraud." So, the government tried to sue me for that and they lost. But now they're ticked off. They've brought me to court and they lost. what happened next is a lot worse. I don't know if you want to hear that. Do you want me to go there? >> Of course, yeah. >> Okay. when you are being investigated for Medicaid fraud, all income stops. Yeah. Yeah. So, I have to come home to my husband and say, "I just can't I can't give in. I think we need to fight this." He said, "Okay." He he he God bless him. He I "Okay, let's fight Have you ever tried to fight the government? It's very expensive. So, they hold off when you're under a Medicaid and fraud investigation, you get no paychecks. So, we have no paychecks to pay payroll, to pay house payments, to do anything for about 9 and 1/2 months. Actually, it lasted longer than that. During that time, we started doing things like we sold the lake cabin, we sold the boats, we sold the extra car. We sold our own house. We moved into a donated RV. You moved into a car? An RV, yep. In South Dakota, where there's 50 below zero weather. With three little kids. We actually used we took our wedding rings in for the last paycheck. I I just can't give in. And then I won. Okay, so Medicaid fraud wasn't there. But in the midst of that, I said I This is when Obamacare was really happening. And I got asked to run for US Senate. There's only 100 of those in the country. I run for US Senate and I did really good. I raised insane amounts of money. Uh saying, "I am a doctor that serves the poor. I am a physician that runs her own company. Uh I think I am a great voice to send to Washington DC to make policy about patients and care as opposed to the other opponents." But that same attorney general his best buddy was running against me. And when I am in a mission trip uh in the Philippines that has nothing to do with it, but I was on a mission trip in the Philippines. And um I left a petition behind. I don't know how you do it in London, but a petition means if you're going to run for office, you got to get some people saying it they believe in you. >> Mhm. So, we needed 2,000 signatures. And we got 6,000 signatures. We submitted them to the state. We think there's no problem. But then the quarterly earnings come back for a campaign raising and my opponent had about 70 donors at about $10,000 a pop and we had something like 740,000 dollars. I put my earnings in and they were 780,000 dollars. So I out raised him. You have to report to the government whenever somebody gives you more than 200 dollars. So his donors are right there on the list. My list is empty. Because the average size of the donation was 45 dollars. And they know they can't win with that. I have a grassroots behind me. And that's when the black cars started showing up in my life. It sounds like I've got a tin foil hat, but it was real. The black what? The state card started to show up outside my house. They started to say, "Find something on her." And I am the first person in the history of the United States of America to be investigated for not witnessing a signature on those petitions. Okay, so there was these petitions you had to get 2,000 of them signed and you had to witness them. So you had to be there when they were signed by people? >> Well, that's what it says and you're right. It says, "I bear witness." So as I'm I left them in my clinic, my staff signed it. The preachers in my my clinic signed it. And those signatures were collected while I was in the Philippines. And so you signed to witness them when you were back from the Philippines. >> Right. So I didn't witness them. I just vouched that that's my sister, that's the preacher. I know who these people are. And so they charged you for they realized that you were in the Philippines at the time so you couldn't have witnessed them based on the dates or something. Yep. And then they arrested you? I 12 12 felonies. They give you 12 felonies? And 24 years in prison. That's what they charged you for or that's what They charged me the 12 felonies. Six counts for each of the six petitions. Six uh so that's 12 felonies. There's six mistakes, but each mistake counts for two felonies. I mean, if you're going to make a mistake, there's one felony. Mhm. When you're trying to make a statement, there's 12 felonies. And you're the first one in the history of the United States of America to ever have this charge, let alone brought to trial. And then found guilty. The trial didn't happen in my state, my town. It happened in the state capital, where everybody knew that attorney general, everybody knew the opponent. So they they tried to get you to serve 24 years in prison? Yeah. They sentenced me to 24 years in prison. They sentenced you to >> Yeah. My kids were sitting behind me. I'm you are guilty of 12 felonies and 24 years And then he says, "But this stack of papers in front of me might be the biggest he'd been a judge for 20-some years. And I had patients who had written in saying, "This is the best doctor I've ever seen." I didn't ask them to write that. They just sent them in. How did you feel when you hear that you're going to be in prison for 24 months? 24 years? Oh god, it is the lowest moment of my life. Because I mean, I do not like that the that that story cost the state of South Dakota any money. But I also don't like that when you oppose the the political giants, and you stand there with all of the right intentions, that if they need to find something on you, they will. Six petitions. And we had a thousand extra signatures. There was noth- This was a nothingburger. but it was enough and that attorney general said prosecute her to the fullest extent. And I'm not a martyr. I do things that aren't right and if there was a mistake that I made, I I would take full ownership and to that judge I made I took full ownership. That the attorney general was he won. I got sentenced. But you didn't have to serve the 24 years. He said I'll probate that. I will suspend that with the highest number of service hours ever in the state of South Dakota. It was 500 community service hours serving the poorest patients in the state. And when he said those words I thought, "Oh my god, you don't know who I am." That's what I've been doing. I was already working in Pine Ridge. How did you How did you feel about all of this? I mean I I think of it as a test. It was a test of I mean most marriages aren't going to make it through that. You got kids that'll end up in rehab at that much stress. And I didn't want that life. I didn't want that to be my ending. I framed it different. I said, "All right, God, you're testing me. You're testing to see can I be Can I stay true to who it is that you've called me to be?" That our marriage was incredibly That's a lot of pressure. I mean, I was the number one news story in the whole damn state for 3 years running by a mile. I can't go anywhere without That's her. That's her. My parents were ashamed. My kids would say, "This is the woman that takes me to Haiti. She is Mother freaking Teresa and now she's on the front page of a newspaper as a 12-time felon." And your teachers at school say I read about your mom again in the newspaper. I mean, it's a old It should have crushed me. But it didn't. It did not. When did your life begin to turn upwards from that point onwards? When was the the moment where things were Well, the first thing is we appealed that to the Supreme Court. Yeah. >> That's where the big legal bills come from. Second, you're fighting an attorney general. That's where all And the Supreme Court said that that attorney general abused his power for at least six of them. And then that judge said I'll erase all these because of the work you've done. So, the 12 felonies went away during >> them? All of them. I think on the edge of that story, um I work to resurrect people's health back to a place where they they get their best life. And yes, ketones are really a big part of that. But as you look at the relationships you've got around your life take the core ones and nurture them to a place where your best life comes out of those relationships. Find the purpose that you've been designed for. And take those relationship with you as you seek that. I know that's what happened to me. I cared about the ones on the inner circle and I had a one track of this is what I'm designed to do. We have a closing tradition where the last guest leaves a question for the next. And the question left for you is, do you have a daily practice to find deep inner peace when you are emotionally triggered? And if so, please share it with the audience. Yeah, I have a uh devotion that I do every morning. That um that centers me, keeps me in line with my faith. And that's not that you do it on the bad days. It's that you've got the foundation for doing it on the good days. And there are generations >> Uh the a daily devotion. Like Upper Room is a is a spiritual devotion for my church. What what does that look like? Is it a prayer or Yeah, it's a prayer. And >> And how does that sound? What is Yeah, the it's a usually a scripture and then it's a prayer that is been uh paired with that scripture. And again, it's easy to not do it routinely. But when you practice it on the good days, it's what lifts you on those really tough days. And sometimes you forget you're not the first person to run through these But there are thousands of generations that have taught you how to do life and get through those hard places. And I'm going to use their rules. I'm going to follow what that scripture says and live for my best life. Dr. Bosworth, thank you. Very good. We are done. I really think I really appreciate so much about you. I appreciate your personality. Well, I could have been engaging, but also just um I appreciate that you've taken the time to make so much content over on your YouTube channel, which I'm going to link on screen and below now um to sort of demystify and break down some of these really complicated subjects that people struggle with and they're looking for someone who they can trust, who has a bit of personality. Um who can communicate some of these very complicated things to them. And on your channel you talk about everything from the ketogenic diet to many of the things we talked about today to the creatine stuff to cancer more broadly, the scientific theory of autophagy and fasting um and lots of other things and everything we've talked about today and much, much, much more. So I highly recommend people go and check your channel out if they would like to learn more. It will be linked below. And um you've written some wonderful books. Um some of them that we've referenced. We've got the Keto Continuum, which I'm going to link below as well. Um this wonderful book called Anyway You Can, a Beginner's Guide to Ketones for Life, which um talks a lot about Rose and has some wonderful photos of Rose in that book. And we have the the Continuum Workbook, which is a much more practical um Yeah, it goes hand in hand with the other one and it's what I give my patients in the clinic as they got to go through that workbook. I think a lot of people are looking for exactly that. They're looking for something that they can follow step by step, which gives them a framework for progress and I guess in in a way holds them accountable, which is exactly what the workbook does. Thank you so much. You're you're you're helping millions of people. You've had a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rough ride and been outside. 12 felonies and 24 years in prison is for for something as as little as what you did, I think is is bizarre. Quite frankly, but you know, it's a story of inspiration that it didn't hold you back and you've risen like a phoenix and created so much incredible work therefore that's benefit so many. So please do keep going. God bless you. Thanks for having me here. I'm really excited to be on your show. Thank you so much, Dr. Boz. This is something that I've made for you. I realize that the Diary of a CEO audience are strivers, whether it's in business or health. We all have big goals that we want to accomplish. And one of the things I've learned is that when you aim the big big big goal, it can feel incredibly psychologically uncomfortable because it's kind of like being stood at the foot of Mount Everest and looking upwards. The way to accomplish your goals is by breaking them down into tiny small steps and we call this in our team the 1%. And actually this philosophy is highly responsible for much of our success here. So, what we've done so that you at home can accomplish any big goal that you have is we've made these 1% diaries and we released these last year and they all sold out. So, I asked my team over and over again to bring the diaries back but also to introduce some new colors and to make some minor tweaks to the diary. So now we have a better range for you. So, if you have a big goal in mind and you need a framework and a process and some motivation, then I highly recommend you get one of these diaries before they all sell out once again. And you can get yours now at the diary.com where you can get 20% off our Black Friday bundle. And if you want the link, the link is in the description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [4700 likes]: Do you like these types of convos? If so please hit the like button on the vid - that’s the best way to vote for more like this ❤ also, would be doing me a big favour if you could subscribe - its free 🙏🏾appreciate you! - SB
  2. @AftonBladet-z1r: Real scientist this one, talking about brain trash.
  3. @vloveless6367: I love this woman…seriously.  She was set up.  That’s so sickening. Great government.
  4. @bronsonstone725: Thank you for this, excellent information. It’s just come up in my feed today, coincidentally I just today broke from a five day water fast. I was preparing my menu, even included a few light beers in a few days, but after watching this I’ve decided to continue in ketosis for as long as I feel like continuing. 
I’m 61, 125kg when I started the fast, I checked my urine ketones throughout the five days to get an idea of what it does, so the people she said took two weeks to reach ketosis seems extreme, because 24 hours after I started the fast my ketones were 4.0, but weirdly at 36 hours it was 0.5, but at 56 hours it was 6, then at 80 hours it was 10, and that is where it’s remained and even now. 
Anyway, good timing, I have broken the fast but without carbs and will continue in ketosis, let’s see if I can drop some of that excess weight, so far I’m down to 118kg, but I’m sure if I went back to normal eating that would return to about 122 within a couple of weeks.
  5. @oldfart9287: All these experts on your show have different ideas on diet, the truth is they all are guessing whats best. Tomorrow it will all change
  6. @vloveless6367: I watched this a few months ago and I BELIEVED HER.  Since then I put into practice everything she said and I feel fantastic although I couldn’t get out of bed 3 months ago.  I’m 73 and strongly suggest you listen to her!!!
  7. @James-l2i7s: Don’t be so gullible.
  8. @James-l2i7s: She’s not humble!!! And she sounds like a salesman.
  9. @James-l2i7s: The Keto diet has not been verified by any large studies as stopping all the illnesses made by this doctor. It can have good effects for some people but can have some serious side effects. There is no proof that it is better than other diets. I am always suspicious when an “expert” is into selling books and videos as well as trying to become a senior politician (failed.) There is ZERO evidence that it reduces your chances of getting dementia. A lot of this is either exaggerated or some is even BS. All this talk about  brain trash and debris is meaningless. My advice: don’t listen to her and do your own research. This channel often has so called “experts” on a wide range of topics who are selling books. Less trash? WTH is she talking about.
  10. @patriciarodriguez8452: Nunca hice la dieta Keto. Pero sufro hace muchos años que sufro de migraña y está muy relacionada a la alimentación. Harinas, lácteos, etc. realmente pocos alimentos que me gustan puedo comer. Creo que es coherente lo que plantea. 
Tengo mucha necesidad de comer dulce no sé como evitarlo!!!
  11. @princessorig1: Recall the Inuit so many years ago living off whale blubber only and multiplying. Populationa threatened when the "modern man" Interactee with them
  12. @stephene.barbin8036: Just found this video and ordered book, workbook & food guide on Amazon....better late than never! I found the Pine Ridge narrative very interesting: it was the federal government who forced the Native Americans to adopt the white man's diet of sugar, flour, etc, that caused the diabetes to begin with!!!:face-blue-smiling::face-orange-frowning::hand-orange-covering-eyes:
  13. @777divine: What an incredible show, guest, and testimony! The BEST!❤️❤️❤️
  14. @Solomon-x9m: I'm almost 60 an feel almost 30 after getting into this info about how our body works. #nsng is the goal for every meal an maybe a bite of grain once a day and I hold out my first meal as long as I can an drink water for first HR after sleep then tea for an hour and then a cup of coffee for my breakfast dessert..
I do air workouts every morning before.first meal replicating a prehistoric trying to hunt or gather his first meal. He walks he runs he uses strength he tries to outsmart his pray..

Yes I wake an live life 3hrs before I Work.
  15. @BrainRescuez: There are over 200 types of dementia with 400 subtypes! NOT possible to LABEL ONE  thing
  16. @Redeemed59: There is no way I could actually chew a whole fish, even a little one.  I add real butter to my beef, but that is the best I can do.
  17. @estellebeaumont788: 🙏🙏🙏👍👍👍❤🥰
  18. @JMaxwell1000: The Keto/carnivore followers are part of a CULT. It’s very sad.
  19. @cheryllewis2485: I love Dr Boz she is amazing.
  20. @ashleyhall6287: You don’t “pee ketones” if your body is utilizing ketones properly as fuel. The ketones are being used up by your cells.

- The Anti-Aging Affects of a Keto Diet: Kind: captions Language: en-US Anti-aging is a term that's just thrown around pretty loosely. And in this video I want to help you understand how you can truly start combating aging at a cellular level and truly comprehend what's going on inside your body. I'm Thomas DeLauer with Keto-Mojo and I'm going to help you understand how the ketogenic diet, and periods of fasting, can play a big effect on something known as vascular aging. You see, when we look at overall life, when we look at overall disease, aging is probably the strongest risk factor that we have to worry about. So if we can reduce aging we can reduce our risk factors of disease. Plain and simple. Now when we look by at large at how we can actually delay aging or have an anti-aging effect on the body calorie restriction comes to mind first and foremost. You see we've been studying caloric restriction for years and years and years when it comes down to the effect on aging and it's been proven in a lot of studies that reducing calories can increase a life span. But what if there are some ways utilizing the Ketogenic Diet that we could actually delay aging without having to reduce calories to a crazy extent. Well, science is starting to prove that there are some ways and it all has to do with the common denominator known as beta-hydroxybutyrate. You see, when you fast or when you go through periods of caloric restriction your body produces something known as beta-hydroxybutyrate or BHB for short. Now also, when you're on the Ketogenic Diet you are producing BHB or beta-hydroxybutyrate. As a matter of fact that's exactly what the Keto-Mojo meter is measuring. When you're measuring your ketone levels you're measuring your levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate. So here's where things get interesting because BHB now has a link directly with an anti-aging effect. So there was a study that was published in the journal of Molecular Cell and it took a look at something known as vascular aging. Now vascular aging is starting to get studied a lot more now. See vascular aging literally has to do with the aging of the vessels that supply blood and lymph to our organs and other areas of our body that are super important. See inside our blood vessels, inside our arteries, inside our vessels and inside our lymphatic vessels we have these cells called endothelial cells. So our vessels are living and these cells are literally there surviving. They're dividing, they're multiplying, they're growing and as they age, the vessels age. So if we can actually measure the anti-aging effect of these vessels we could overall take a look at anti-aging as a whole. So this study found that beta-hydroxybutyrate literally does delay the aging of these endothelial cells and it does by preventing a specific type of death. Okay, this is called senescence and this particular type of cell death is literally just the cellular death that occurs from aging. Overtime a cell loses its ability to grow and it loses its ability to divide. So what ends up happening is the cells eventually just wear out and they just die. Now when we have beta-hydroxybutyrate in the equation it forces or encourages a cell to divide at a younger age. Which means that you end up with younger cells. When cells divide they're essentially creating new cells. So since beta-hydroxybutyrate has an effect on helping cells divide we can keep a particular area of the body younger for a longer period of time. So in this case with the vascular aging situation we're encouraging these endothelial cells to divide, and therefore stay younger and therefore reducing vascular aging. Now there is another component that's added to the equation here and this is one that's just starting to get studied as well and this is the fact that beta-hydroxybutyrate encourages stem cell production as well. So when we're looking at the vascular system the encouragement of stem cells means that of course those endothelial cells can be produced more often. You're gonna be able to have new life. Stem cells are really emerging in all kinds of research these days. Helping us restore knees from knee pain, helping us restore joints, helping us grow new hair, all kinds of things. Stem cells are really the future. So when we look at beta-hydroxybutyrate and it's effect on generating the proper stem cells in specific areas of the body we could be tapping into an entirely new system that promotes an anti-aging effect. So if you want to make sure that you're truly living your best life possible for as long as possible you're going to want to start listening to the science and you're going to want to start paying attention to how often you get into the ketogenic state or how often you experiment with some fasting and the best way to know that you're there is by utilizing the Keto-Mojo meter because it gives you a flat out answer of what your levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate are in your body at that particular point in time. So as always, make sure you're keeping it locked in here with Keto-Mojo and leave the guesswork out of the equation. You want to leave the measuring to the meter so you know right where you're at. I'll see you in the next video.

- 5 Keto/Low Carb Tips for The Over 50 Crowd from 2 Fit Docs: Kind: captions Language: en a ketogenic diet is a good diet for young and old and if you are over 50 like me and you you have some established beliefs that you're battling against you might have some metabolic debt that you that you've accumulated over the years of poor dieting and they make weight loss a little bit more challenging in this video we're going to share 5 keto tips for those of us over the age of 50 so going back decades right the war on fat started back in the 70s early 70s I was a teenager back then yeah I was not quite okay here we closed the food pre-read came out in the 90s early 90s yeah so we had decades of learning that fat was bad you know right yeah right so we grew up with all these misconceptions right we grew up the thinking being taught that fat eating fat makes you fat number one so everything with low fat or no fat we learned that sugar eating sugar was required for energy right whose energy like that pills so when I was when I was a kid and like the seven days I would take remember those Smarties yeah little roll like the little plastic wrapper yeah so I would take those out on our property and like put them in my pocket and then like use them as like pep pills oh yeah energy I would like pretend that they're like energy pills like super go well and I remember underdog had to Heather had a super energy yeah wonderful smarty it is ringing it could've been smarty yeah yeah you know and kind of from that you know we were also told that breakfast was absolutely without a doubt the most important meal a day and you needed to eat a lot of carbs of breakfast yeah right so what we yeah when I we're growing up cereal for sure cereal yeah french toast pancakes waffles I mean all that stuff and you know that and not healthy cereal you know quote-unquote well your cereal your favorite was what was that with the yeah Captain Crunch with crunch berries yeah yeah blue-blue cereal and yeah but you know so that brings us to our first tip and it is that you can skip breakfast and and it's actually ketogenic diet or low carb diet and skipping breakfast intermittent fasting really do go hand-in-hand and they really work well for a lot of people and we see that in our comments underneath but I think the question that we often have over the age of 50 as well as is this really healthy or am I kind of just doing this and losing weight by losing my health at the same time I had done a video if you don't know I have a second youtube channel it's similar things that we talked about but a much more low carb when that on that but anyway I did a video on on intermittent fasting over the age of 54 women is it helpful or harmful and in that video I talked about a study a review study that came out in 2016 and so it was a review study so it was looking and collating on all of the studies that were done on women's health intermittent fasting and aging and the what they found was overwhelmingly positive results from these you know women as we age losing belly fat because of intermittent fasting muscle and joint health improvement reduction in depression even some of the studies that they brought into this review study talked about the positive effect against cancer in showing that intermittent fasting might even close off some pathways to certain cancers yeah so there may be some supportive evidence therefore you know following a ketogenic diet in those cases so we talked about all those misconceptions that we grew up with right so now we know right it's that that eating fat does not make you fat eating sugar is what makes you fat make sure instantly go up right which kind of takes us right into our next two points first one you should add some fat and specifically we're kind of talking like like personally what we would do is with our non starchy vegetables the things that we we saute or whatever you know adding some butter or adding some avocado oil or coconut oil and getting those good healthy fats in there and then it it's good in a number of ways having those fats in with those vegetables helped your body absorb the fat soluble vitamins that are in those vegetables so yeah yeah and you know we bring this up as a point to say that it is important to add fat because that is such a hard hard thing for us and keith was talking about sauteing you know vegetables in fact well if you're eating a salad you know we had grew up with the low-fat salad dressings and what's in a low-fat salad dressing to make it palatable sugar right put-put full fat salad dressing on and you'll actually be able to pull more of the fat soluble vitamins and minerals out right so obviously we're talking some vegetables or carbohydrates right right so that kind of takes us to point three that we need to avoid refined carbohydrates and we're talking about you know anything that gets refined the trigger always come from a plant so the more refining the more further away it gets from its natural state in that plant so in a plant the trigger molecules are typically kind of locked into the fibers so when you're eating a whole plant you know vegetable it is not that sugar is not going to get into your system you know super fast like it does if you're taking a TSP of sugar right and spiking your insulin which is going to again lead to that that fat deposition you know where you don't want it to be going on yeah and and I think this is important because as keto diet as low carb dieting starts to really get ahold which is a wonderful thing but now we're starting to see some food manufacturers come up with keto friendly foods and and these are not in their whole state anymore they've been been assessed maybe throw in some fiber so they can bring down that net carb you know which we talk about often but we won't get into here no but but that's that's really the point that we're looking at eat eat your carbs in in a hole in a whole state and that parlays into our fourth tip which is cook at home more often you will know what's in your food more often and and I will say you know we certainly aren't against going out to eat in fact we're probably leaving to go in about 15 minutes to go out you are our standing lunch date right standing 25 years 20 every Wednesday we've been married for 26 years all right well we'll talk about that at lunch might be our last lunch but that you know the the advantages that you do know what's what's in your food now when we do go out to eat and and when you were losing your 80 pounds you were very religious about checking the restaurant online before we went and we're in really picking what you're going to eat right most and and you can't do this with like your local kind of mom-and-pop restaurants unfortunately you have no idea they don't have any idea really but you know most of the larger chains have all this nutritional information available for you online and the menus you can look this stuff up before you go and you know we talked about you know restaurants you know what do they do you know to make their food more palpable right yeah what are they in the business of making good food how do you make food more palatable sure one ways add sugar so that always that always makes me think of McDonald's french fries McDonald's french fries are like to die for right I mean everybody loved Donald because they put sugar in the in the salt mix that they drink alone you know it's like so it's got everything you need right yeah just like boom right in there we're into your brain yeah so you really do have to watch things that you would absolutely not think that they they would put sugar in they will put sugar in the restaurant and you you know certainly kind of eat out on keto but you might want to check online first and that brings us to our last tip which is mindset matters you know we have gotten a lot of things ingrained over the years but the reality is that as we get over the age of 50 our metabolisms do change they are not what they were yeah but so so are our thoughts and expectations have to you know just be adjusted we you know you can reach monumental health at this age but we do have to be smart about it and also on my other channel I had done just recently a video on losing weight over 60 and it was a really a great video because the members of my freedom health weight loss coaching program came together and and provided me with some answers to some questions so I asked people over the age of 60 and one of the things that I asked our members was now that you're over no this is over 60 but over 50 counts to what are the specific challenges that you face so that it was really telling you no one had said you know you you have to get past the mindset of well this is just how it is for me you know I'm I'm kind of too old to change and another another lady had a really interesting thing on eating fat she said that I really had to get past the the thought of of allowing myself to eat fat and not eat low-fat everything but that took you know reprogramming an entire lifetime of mindset it goes against everything that we were when we were taught growing up and for most of our adult lives actually yeah yeah so there you go those are those are five tips I know it's you know it's a lot to wrap your head around if you kind of struggle with some of these concepts know that you're not alone oh my goodness we have you know in our freedom health program there are there's so many people that are over the age 50 60 even 70s and Beyond and they are getting success it is never too late it is a wonderful wonderful thing so if you're looking for a place for some camaraderie will point you to the freedom health program alright right now do you have anything that you good I guess we're good all right we'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @cjcj6945 [9 likes]: You can have breakfast🥓🍳... just have it for lunch or dinner!!!👍😁
  2. @KetoCookbooksCorner [2 likes]: Thanks for sharing such valuable information!
  3. @littlecricket3140 [2 likes]: Good ole Cpt Crunch with crunch berries. Right on!
  4. @jimh3500 [1 likes]: I eat a lot of butter and olive oil. I really enjoy peppers and onions stir fried in coconut oil and I think it is an excellent little side dish with most of the protein and fat dishes I enjoy. 
Very nice, informative discussion here. Thank you 😎
  5. @hannah5245 [1 likes]: I’m 63. I switched fr low carbs, low fats, hi veggies only to figure my brain was screaming for fats!! I increased a little carbs because I was only 45 kg the same weight I was as a teenager!  I’m including grass fed butter, avocado oil (I don’t like the taste of the fruit tho), coconut oil, omega 3, nut/seed butters.  Sourdough bread only.  And including more salt . Sauerkraut. Coconut cider vinegar (a few times a week). All natural forms of vitamins.
  6. @FuseballistheDebil: I had the food pyramid in the mid 80s . Taught me dairy was vital. 😂
  7. @louisesimpson4966: Ok to skip breakfast
Add fat-oil,butter
Avoid refined carbs-sugar
Cook at home
Mindset matters
  8. @daisy3690: :thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc::thanksdoc:
  9. @tinasavage674: I was a teenager in the seventies so I know where your coming from with learned eating habits . I've been 16/8 fasting for three months and only have lost 8 pounds I'm struggling with cutting out suger and coffee,tea ect without milk but have started counting carbs .it's crazy but I want the health benefits but I'm struggling to change my mindset .I'm not giving up and l know with practice and sensible changes I'll win
  10. @jpennturner: Hi,I am 75 and just been told I am prediabetic so I will be on ketogenic diet from now on!
  11. @deltyree55: Hope you 2 are doing good, I don't see any videos made in a couple years.
  12. @donnabyrd6368: crunch berries? yep then they made ooops. Thanks for all you information. It sure has helped me.
  13. @terryrafferty7559: The food industry killed my grandfather with margerine and crisco and my mother with lowfat and eating carbs six times a day. It really makes me very angry.
  14. @polderfischer8565: You are right! I had to throw everything overboard that i learned in my life about food and eating. Now - although i am cheating often - i lost 45 pounds and feel better.
Dont take seed oils!
  15. @shakengrain1942: Yes, keto is beneficial for post-menopausal women.  It is preventing endometrial hyperplasia (thickening of uterus with bleeding just like a period just when we thought all that stuff was over) from returning for me - the condition often becomes cancerous if left untreated. Progesterone decreases after menopause so the estrogen becomes dominant, so also taking maintenance/low-dose Provera (progesterone).  (Was on high dose Provera initially, until the lining shed, then I switched to keto and low-dose Provera).  Just had latest 6-month ultrasound to confirm the lining is still normal.  Thankful for my doctor and an alternative treatment because the "normal" treatment is a "D&C" surgery or hysterectomy.  It is all related and part of the female insulin resistance/estrogen dominance response along with PCOS/infertility from younger years.  I wish we understood back then what we know now about the full metabolic syndrome -- it is systemic.  My life would have been so much different if we had known all this sooner.
  16. @timwhalan6417: 👍🏻🥦👏
  17. @J-ZIM: cute doggy. Thx for the good tips on Keto
  18. @gerardbrown7879: your dog is a cutie. He/she favors mama , sorry Keith,lol
  19. @gerardbrown7879: Thank you both for sharing your journey with us. Keith I completely feel your pain. Unfortunately we are in the same boat with a messed up metabolism. But you inspire me to continue on improving my health. God bless you both for being so transparent and willing to give your testimony.
  20. @Handsoflight7766: Skip breakfast 3-5 days a week and when you do eat it a couple of eggs and spinach with avocado and cheese or bacon.  If that’s not enough skip 2 meals as it gives time to your body to use up your extra glucose and insulin.  Eating fatty fish a few times a week at least with butter or healthy (avocado, olive, coconut) oil, lots of greens everyday, I actually make egg and tuna or salmon cupcakes for breakfast at times, so many recipes online. Deglaze and Use cream for gravy in the pan you made your meat in.  No grain flours at all.

- What Are The Risks Of Keto For Seniors? - Keto Kitchen HQ: Kind: captions Language: en What are the risks of keto for seniors? Have you ever wondered what the ketogenic diet could mean for seniors? While many people are excited about the benefits of this low carbohydrate approach, it is essential to consider the potential risks, especially for older adults. Seniors may face unique challenges when following a keto meal plan. So, let's break down some of these concerns. First, muscle loss is a significant risk. As people age, they naturally lose muscle mass, a condition known as sarcopenia. The ketogenic diet's low carbohydrate intake can worsen this issue if protein levels are not properly balanced. Seniors need to pay close attention to their protein sources to help maintain muscle health. Next, nutritional deficiencies can arise. The keto diet restricts many food groups, including grains, fruits, and certain vegetables. These foods are vital for providing fiber, vitamins, and minerals. Seniors often have increased needs for nutrients like calcium, and vitamin D, which are essential for bone health. A poorly planned keto diet may lead to deficiencies that can impact overall well-being. Heart health is another area of concern. The ketogenic diet is typically high in saturated fats and low density lipoprotein cholesterol. This can raise the risk of heart disease, which is already a common issue among older adults. It's crucial to choose heart-healthy fats and monitor cholesterol levels while on this diet. Kidney and liver stress is also a possibility. The high fat and protein content of the keto diet can put extra strain on these filtering organs. Seniors with existing kidney or liver conditions may experience worsening symptoms, so it's essential to consult a health care provider before starting. Digestive issues can be a challenge as well. The reduction of fiber from grains and legumes can lead to constipation and other digestive problems which are already prevalent in older adults. Incorporating fiber richch low carbohydrate vegetables can help alleviate some of these concerns. Blood sugar and mood effects are significant too. The brain needs a balance of sugars, proteins, and carbohydrates to function well. The carbohydrate restrictions of the keto diet can lead to mood swings, irritability, and low blood sugar episodes, which may be especially difficult for seniors. Interaction with medications and health conditions is another critical factor. Many seniors take medications or have health conditions like diabetes, heart disease, or thyroid issues that may not work well with the ketogenic diet. Close medical supervision is essential to ensure safety. Lastly, short-term side effects can occur during the initial adaptation phase. Seniors may experience flu-l like symptoms, fatigue, headaches, dizziness, and nausea, which can be harder for them to manage. For seniors considering the ketogenic diet, it is vital to consult with health care providers first. Careful meal planning can help ensure balanced nutrient intake and regular monitoring of health markers is essential. carbohydrate vegetables and possibly supplements can help mitigate some risks. The diet should be tailored to fit individual health status, medication use, and nutritional needs. While the ketogenic diet can offer benefits, it is important for seniors to approach it with caution and under medical guidance to maintain their overall health. [Music]

- How Ketosis Affects Health and Longevity: Expert Insights from Isabella Cooper, PhD: Kind: captions Language: en-US It's not just ketones that begets health. What those ketones are made from, you know, the molecules that make up your body, they really do matter. So if you're drinking soybean oil and canola oil and eating, you know, pea protein isolate and soybean protein isolate, I don't actually think, you know, no matter how high your ketones are, I don’t think it’s going to turn out into a health outcome. PhD researcher, Isabella Cooper has some fascinating studies looking at ketosis coming in and out of ketosis and what it means for your health and how that might impact longevity. She also ties in the evolutionary component and also likes to study, you know, what happens with women who are menstruating, the hormonal aspects all of these fascinating aspects of ketone research she's on the cutting edge of. So let's hear what Isabella Cooper has to say about all these really interesting topics. Welcome to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group, transforming the study and treatment of mental disorders by exploring the connection between metabolism and brain health. Thank you for joining us on this journey. So as you heard in the intro Isabella Cooper is a PhD researcher in a lot of this discussion, she does get pretty technical. Her mind is a treasure trove of ketosis and the biochemistry and the health impact. So some parts do get a little dense and scientific, but hang in there because it's well worth it throughout the whole journey. Also, she's from the UK so she talks about millimoles per liter when it comes to glucose. So just so you know, when she says five for glucose, that's equivalent to 90 milligrams per deciliter, or six is equivalent to 108 and seven is 126. So you might need that reference if you're US based throughout this discussion. So with that primer, let's get on with this interview with Dr. Isabella Cooper. Well Dr. Isabella Cooper thank you so much for joining me today. - Thank you for having me. - Yeah, it's a pleasure. I mean, I'm so excited to talk to you about your papers. You've had a series of publications out recently about I guess you could say this intersection of ketosis and longevity and is it healthy and evolutionary perspectives. And so I want to get into all of that. But first, you know, you're a PhD researcher, but what led you to sort of focus on ketosis, hyperinsulinemia? What brought you to this area of research? - I guess my first real dive into the science of what begets health or can harm health came from being a mother. Literally, you know, once I was pregnant with my first child and then thereafter, you just start to pay a lot more attention to things, of course because you're responsible for another human. And so my very first foray wasn't actually food, it was endocrine disruptors. And so it is a different area, but that led me on into all the other things that can mess with your whole endocrine system. And when we talk about metabolic health and insulin and ketones, well, insulin is part of the endocrine system. It's the hormonal system. And so what we knock out, you know, knock out of whack so to speak, how that subsequently harms our health. And so with young children, it was all about nappies or in America, I think you call them diapers, and the exposure to, to dioxins and how that can affect the endocrine system. So that sort of kickstarted it and then of course it moved straight into the foods. What food should I feed my babies and as they grew up. And I really, I, you know, I think many people would start off with things like, you know, I don't know, you know, sort of acidic or alkaline diets or, you know, eat right for your type, your blood type and all these sort of things. And for me it was always sort of well, how can I believe what I'm reading? How can I trust that person? What's the mechanism of action? Like, literally what's the mechanism? You should be able to work out some mechanisms that make sense and then there should be an evolutionary context behind it as well. And so essentially it really was to me, you know, well clearly I need to go right back to school and do biochemistry and study this properly. So I ended up going there and then I very, very quickly honed in on, you know, we know that you'll hear things like diabetes or obesity increase the risk of all these chronic diseases of aging. And at the same time, those chronic diseases of aging cardiovascular, Alzheimer's, cancer, they're occurring earlier and earlier in, you know, by the decade even. And so that is an indicator to me that obviously it's very largely lifestyle factor driven. And then the other aspect is, well, if obesity and type two diabetes has a strong predictor for these diseases, then they must have a very common root origin something that's causing them all. And I went very quickly in biochemistry to the subcellular level and I saw this common theme amongst all of them. It was mitochondria that being hugely dysregulated. And then, you know, I pretty much throughout all my studies always looked at things in terms of well, how are the mitochondria affected and what role is insulin playing in this? And so that's sort of how I came up with my thesis in the end in terms of, you know well insulin, you know, too much insulin chronically over time is really harmful for mitochondria. And you, it's a very life essential molecule, but essentially too much of it it acts as an aging hormone really. And it is the molecule that controls ketones. And obviously I got into all the stuff about ketones as well. And that sort of led me to this whole world of hyperinsulinemia and ketosis. And then in that world, you know, it's a bit of a hot topic not the hot topic, the word ketosis ketogenic can really upset quite a lot of people. Yeah. So, yeah, that's sort of, you know, where brought me into the hardcore science of it. - Yeah. From diapers to ketones, what a journey. I can see the title of a book "From Diapers to Ketones" or something like that. But so in your research you've been very active about looking at I guess you could say markers of longevity, right? Because when we talk about longevity research, is ketosis safe for, you know, decades? Is it going to improve longevity? It's so hard to prove that because you need a 50 year study to have clinical outcomes and that's obviously not going to happen. So we have to measure surrogate outcomes and pick ones that we think are representative and can help answer or at least inform that question. So what are some of the markers that you've chosen to study that you think sort of help inform that question of is ketosis safe long term? - So yeah, we can't do, well we could do a whole of life human study, but that would require multiple human researchers to track, you know, obviously humans over time, which we should. So, because we don't want to just look at an old cohort against a young cohort. We want to see the individual persons and their change over time in their lifespan with as much information as possible. So we have that in animal studies. And the way to ensure, so let's say confidence in animal studies is having multiple different types of animals. So from dogs, cats, monkeys all the way down to C. elegans worms and drosophila flies all the way down to yeast. And so, but if we look at animal studies, multicellular animals, then the best studies for longevity with health, remember, you know, living longer with disease is not what we want. We want to live longer with health. And so these studies caloric restriction definitely resulted in better outcomes. But what was measured inside of the caloric restriction is that caloric restriction inherently lowers insulin and increases ketones. So in these kind of studies where there's been caloric restriction with an addition of ketones on top or you know, chloric restriction with being in ketosis a ketogenic diet per se, they had an even greater effect on the longevity of these different species. And we're talking quite significant differences here, you know, anywhere between a hundred percent increase, so doubling, all the way through to, you know, 1.3. So 30% to 40% increase in lifespan with healthspan. So reduction in decline in aging, biological aging. So you know, disease and just frailty in general. So not having disease per se, but your capacity to do things. This was in animal studies, a whole variety of animal studies. So it's common theme across these very, very different types of animals and insects. So with that then obviously hyperinsulinemia is insulin and then looking at IGF-1. So there's lots of really great publications out there on insulin and IGF-1 showing that they are the most strongly associated with morbidity and mortality. So earlier disease and subsequently earlier death essentially. So those are the two that I'm very, very interested in. But of course there's a bunch of factors that when it comes to blood testing that you have to take into account such as insulin has a circadian 24 hour rhythm, it has an ultradian, which is like 180 minutes plus or minus a bit and a pulsatile rhythm. So this means that, you know, as it's doing this big 24 hour change, it's got this every sort of two, three hour change and then on top of it a change that's going on every five minutes. So if you're just testing insulin, there's a chance you can be catching it at the trough of the trough of the trough. So it can have this, this sort of 10, you know, micro-unit difference, if not even more. So let's say you capture insulin at nine or 10, it could actually be 20, you know, the international unit, micro international unit. So hence you really want to measure a multitude of strong markers associated with morbidity first and foremost because morbidity is going to decrease your lifespan highly likely statistically speaking. And so with that is obviously the leptin, but also things like, you know, GGT, Gamma-glutamyl transferase, liver markers, essentially very particular ones are much more sensitive. IGF-1 is regulated by the liver and regulated by insulin. Another one is leptin. Very, very strong marker. And we have a paper that's in draft right now for that that's very interesting. But our previous publication showed the huge change that we had in leptin. - Yeah, so let's talk about leptin for a second. I'm sorry to interrupt but I'm not sure if everybody really understands leptin. So we talked about insulin, insulin-like growth factor, but leptin, you know, we think about has to do with like hunger, right? And satiety and so so how does leptin feed into being sort of a longevity or a health span of a molecule? - Yeah, so you know, it's also commonly known as the adipokine, produced by the adipocytes. And you know, if you think that leptin is like to do with satiety, you would therefore think well great, more leptin, I'd be more full. So that's a good thing, right? But it's not, just like insulin. We need very little of it, but we need to be super sensitive to it. And you know, where you have a situation in life where you're constantly signaling leptin and insulin over time, you know, it's like your kids constantly screaming at you or you are screaming at your kids to come to the dinner table. They start not listening to you. It's exactly the same with the hormones. The cells start to not listen for particular things, let's say. However, that's for satiety. So you can see there's a relationship with hyperleptinemia longer term over time. It's not working for the for satiety regulation unfortunately. So there's a resistance to that signal. However, leptin does a bunch of other things that your body doesn't become resistant to. That is things like producing estrogen and increasing... increasing the gene protein product aromatase, which helps produce more estrogen, increasing things like vascular endothelial growth factor VEGF, which you know, these are indicated in breast cancer as an example, ovarian cancer, these sort of things. So chronically elevated leptin and you know, we are not even talking outside of the reference range because the reference ranges are far too broad. And so, you know, having a look at your insulin, having a look at your leptin and your IGF-1 if they are moving in an upward trend year to year, that is not a good sign. Because it's, we always hear this thing, oh it's just part of aging. Oh it's just part of aging. No, it's actually lifestyle, you know? And so you don't want to be seeing these numbers going up year on and year in. So if you see them going up, there's something you need to change in your lifestyle. If they're staying the same and they're on the lower ends of the reference ranges, then you're doing fine, you know. But leptin yeah, it's quite, it's a very interesting one. So we had in our last publication we had leptin, we showed it in that paper. - Let's talk about the publication because it was so fascinating. So you took 10 healthy women who were in ketosis for, I think it was like up to four years or average of around four years. They were continually in ketosis and you took them out of ketosis and measured what changed. And then what was, I think 21 days and then they went back into ketosis and measured what changed again. So a really interesting experiment to say what happens when you come out of ketosis and then when you go back into ketosis. So with that experiment what did you find? What were some of the main takeaways? - Yeah, because you know, a lot of people say that you know, long-term ketosis chronic ketosis is really bad for you. Aside from the fact that they say, you know, it's not sustainable clearly with this cohort, very sustainable. And they say it's bad for you in the sense that well if you restrict carbohydrates you are going to become carbohydrate intolerant. You know, you could say the same if I if you stop drinking alcohol, you're going to get drunk easier when you do drink a bit of alcohol this is probably true. And temporary intolerance doesn't necessarily mean it's disease giving in that temporary short time that you would have it. But it was interesting to want to investigate, well let's first have a look at the baseline of long-term keto people who have never had disease. Because really we've studied relatively well people who have disease who have then gone into ketosis and what they look like from that. But we don't really know what does long-term ketosis look like in a so-called modern western world rather than just studying, you know, tribes and things like that. So you know, and, and it's not fasting per se, which is quite an intensive thing to do. And obviously you can't sustain over a very long period of time unless you start off being morbidly obese. So, you know, this is what we wanted to answer. And also we were very fortunate that all of these ladies with quite an age spread from 18 to 37 or 38, none of them were on hormonal birth control. Which is really important because, you know, we looking at growth factors and hormones and all these things. And so it's quite important to understand physiology in its natural context. So a lot of studies that are in females there's very high exposure of, you know, the obviously birth control hormones, things like that. And unfortunately other kind of other kind of medications like antidepressants and these sort of things are going to interact and change things inadvertently in a study. So we also didn't tie in the study according to menstrual cycle 'cause we couldn't because of the way the phases were structured, but that actually gave us something else, which was, when you look at all our data, they were normally distributed with incredibly tight standard deviation, which actually indicates how strong these markers are and how strong the intervention, you know the phenotype of being in sustained ketosis versus out also is. So we saw metabolic flexibility. All our participants stayed within the under, under 25 BMI like very under. So, you know, even out of ketosis for 21 days there was weight gain of which half of that weight gain was water, water weight, all of the weight gain was lost. But the average weight gain, I think it was like, you know, two, two and a half kilos of which at least one and a half to two would've been water. And they all lost it immediately after they went straight back to baseline. And you know, with that we saw early markers that change that, you know some things you would think would change but, but didn't actually change. And so things like TNF alpha, CRP people would think to look for these things because we want to understand what's changing first. Because if, you always hear from people, well it's inflammation that causes insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. So we didn't see anything with regards to CRP, we didn't see anything with TNF alpha, we didn't see anything in any of the interleukins. So therefore all of those markers given that we saw this huge change in insulin, we saw a huge change in GGT, we saw a huge change in leptin. You can't say that those kind of inflammatory markers were first movers and therefore causing the change. Right? - Right. So you saw the insulin resistance changes without the inflammatory marker. So there's something else as the causative effect. - Exactly. Now that doesn't mean inflammation cannot cause insulin resistance, right? It's just that in the general scheme, over time if we consider that there are a lot of people who are trying to live healthily, whether it is well-informed in terms of carbohydrate restriction and non high processed foods, we, you know, we're going to see change over time where you would see insulin resistance hyperinsulinemia which essentially are one in one in the same thing really. Although insulin resistance is considered to be where you cannot regulate blood glucose into the euglycemia range, right? So this is why I often, so first and foremost if you're staying in the euglycemic range and some people say that's a cutoff of 5.5 to 5.6 millimoles of glucose, then you are not insulin resistance as long as your glucose is staying in that range. So you can be hyperinsulinemic but your insulin is inside of the reference range. So you are really in some sort of subclinical occult level that's actually keeping glucose in this perfect looking number and can be quite misled to think that well if I take a fasting blood glucose, I'm perfectly healthy, you know, HBA1C can be looking really good for 15, 20 years because the insulin's been keeping it looking really good too. So you can miss all of these, you know, earlier phases where you want to do an some sort of lifestyle intervention or be aware of it much earlier. And ultimately in terms of the clinical world it's going to, you know, we know that doctors are pressed for time, but ultimately a blood test and getting a blood test panel is going to take less time than going for an MRI, a CT scan. You know, biopsies, any of these things are, are much more time intensive, resource intensive and expensive. So we want to know what are all those early markers that really they, I mean when you see in our trial they significantly changed, you know, these markers really significantly. Again, they were all inside So you'll go, so what it's inside the reference range. Well if it moved 50% to 70% upwards in the reference range in 21 days well, how about 21 years? You know, and the fact that they all came back to their baseline shows how much lifestyle can affect these markers. And given that, you know, we look at some studies and we understand insulin is predictive for this hyperinsulinemia. HOMA-IR is predictive for these disease GGT predictive for these disease, you know, leptin predictive for these disease. Well how about in our study we got all of them, we saw them all move in that direction and we were able to bring them all back once they went back into a lifestyle that didn't suppress ketogenesis, - Right? Yeah. So I mean you bring up so many fascinating points there that they were still within the normal range. So pushback would be, well, is that truly reflective of a disease process? And I mean you bring up such a good point, there was 21 days and so what's going to happen down the road? You know, you couldn't do a 20 year study, but it's clearly a move towards higher insulin, higher IGF-1, you know, resistance to those. So something you definitely do not want long term. And so interesting that they came right back into the normal range because like you said, there's always this question, well it this is insulin resistance. Keto gives you insulin resistance, but really it doesn't because it's not pathologic, right? It's not the pathologic insulin resistance, it's just we're using the same framework of interpreting the blood test as if you're eating high carb or if you're eating keto. We, and we can't do that. So, so that's my little soapbox. But anyway, - Well it's also because that idea of insulin resistance is understood in the context of just glucose regulation. That's it, right? And so what's been shown quite nicely is the fact that where glucose is not being taken up, you know, mainly by muscle cells, let's say and therefore one would say you're insulin resistant, that's only resistant to insulin getting that glucose out of the bloodstream. It's not, the rest of your body is not resistant to the insulin and everything else it does. And it's actually quite arguable that insulin's primary job is not regulating blood glucose. That is an acute job for an emergency situation. So whether it's because you know, you decided to eat a whole load of honey or you know, come across a very stressful event that you know, whether you're evolutionary running from danger and you have a spike in blood glucose, then you know insulin's going to come into action again. So, you know, if you accept that restricting carbohydrate to one's personal threshold, the threshold being that doesn't suppress ketogenesis, then you start to understand insulin has this whole other job that's really actually what its real job is, which is regulating growth and division, things like that because we know, no insulin is equally dangerous, it's pathologically dangerous, we see this in type one diabetics. So insulin makes sure that we can grow our muscles, make sure we can have body fat, remember our body fat stores fat soluble vitamins for the winter of times of fasting where we can't find food to be able to become pregnant and have a baby and be able to nurse that baby. So insulin's incredibly important for growth and division, but as we know in the pathological condition, growth and division can be super dangerous. So that's in the case of cancer, you know, it's uncontrolled growth and division and insulin is going on in the background constantly stimulating that pathway whilst glucose is providing the food at the same time. So, you know, it's unfortunate that insulin resistance is only understood in the context of poor glucose regulation. Of course we want healthy glucose regulation, but you see insulin is not the only thing that regulates glucose uptake. Glucose, first of all, every cell in your body that requires glucose can take up a fair amount of glucose without insulin completely. You know, although again, like I said, we're not talking about situation with no insulin so, you know, they can take up, this is using the glut one receptors, there are other hormones that also sensitize cells to insulin and taking up glucose without insulin that would be osteocalcin from your bones. So osteocalcin significantly affects muscle cells ability and adipocytes to take up glucose without insulin. But with insulin it actually potentiates insulin, which means the less insulin you have, but with osteocalcin there that insulin's going to do a better job, which is insulin sensitivity. So less can do more, which means you're not getting it the overstimulation of growth and division. - Yeah, that's so interesting. I was curious why you checked osteocalcin in your study, but that makes a lot of sense. But so the way you phrase it, I think is perfectly summed up as it's a necessary beneficial evolutionary process that just in our current, you know, lifestyle environment becomes pathologic. Which brings to the question about the, you know, evolution I think is so interesting and, and you've done so much work in this area that people will say, well we evolved, we were always in ketosis. And somebody say, well maybe we weren't always in ketosis, but maybe we're in and out of ketosis. And then someone will say, yeah, but then there are populations like the Inuit who are not in ketosis. So doesn't that mean it's unhealthy. So I know this is an incredibly broad topic with without like a clear question I'm even asking, but like how do you see this whole concept of evolution? Was, is ketosis evolutionarily healthy and necessary and how do we relate that to our modern day society, which is nothing like the, the lifestyle and the, and the societies that we evolved in? - Yeah, yeah. So well, you know, we've got a cohort of research that's in nutritional and therapeutic ketosis. Now the reasons for this clearly is because we are looking at properly diseased cohorts and then suddenly we start to see the need for being in therapeutic levels. So this is very high levels of ketones versus people who don't have disease, never have disease. How necessary is it to be in nutritional and therapeutic levels of ketosis? It's definitely arguable in actual fact because there's not a lot that has to be fixed you could say Additionally to that fact, when we look at the Inuit and certainly we're going to see regional areas where we have adaptations to our environment. So with the Inuit, we have to go back to where the Inuit are obviously not interacting so much with the West and trading goods and then therefore eating Western foods. So if we go back to them, they, you know, the sort of, if we go back to the Stefansson sort of studies and things like that, the Inuit were essentially eating pemmican for about six months of the year, about three months of the year then it was fish and then the remainder was anything between, actually they had one month of the year that was eggs and this wasn't mixed up food. It was like that's all you had for that period of time. And then some blubber. So you know, we could argue this is a very ketogenic diet in a lot of people. So why wouldn't the Inuit producing high levels of ketones? Now, first of all, they're not producing no ketones. Although, you know, you just ask why, how can I substantiate that? because they wouldn't have been testing it back then. It wouldn't have the capacity the way that we have to test it. Well, one of the things we know is that in pregnancy the inability to produce ketones is fatal for the developing fetus. They actually, they require ketones. So there, there's a level at which we are producing ketones that we don't detect on a home meter, that's for certain. And the fact that the brain, in order to produce the cholesterol, it actually doesn't draw the cholesterol from the bloodstream. It takes in the ketones and turns this into cholesterol. And so the, you know, it's arguable that the Inuit we're producing ketones just not at this therapeutic level. And your liver as well uses ketones. We always hear the liver doesn't use ketones, it doesn't use ketones for energy, but it does use ketones as the process of cholesterol synthesis. So you know, quite often, again, you may not be seeing in your bloodstream. Again, another thing to take into account is what you measure in your bloodstream is not necessarily, you know, your actual ketone level production per se. You can have someone who's an amazing ketone ketone user, then you're not going to see it inside of the bloodstream. So we've yet to actually tease that out. It might be that they're producing the ketones, but they're using them up prolifically. So we don't actually know in that regards. Then there's another argument which is, you know, if you are superb at producing ketones and you can't use them, what are you going to do with them? You are going to pee them out. You're going to pee them out and breathe them out. That's actually highly inefficient, in actual fact. Now if you have disease it makes sense because you want to get all the epigenetic signaling of that huge flood of ketones plus all the antioxidant effects that ketones will have to detox to improve mitochondrial function. There's a huge argument. Plus you're working to drive down the growth factors, which are basically coming with the elevated insulin. And so the ketones act as a proxy marker that you're getting the insulin down with the growth factors down and that you're getting blood glucose going down as well, blood glucose down with the presence of the high level of ketones, of course not a low blood glucose with no ketones, which wouldn't be safe. So, you know, again, the context of the desire to be in therapeutic ketosis in high levels should be health condition specific in actual fact. So when we look at subsets of populations like the Inuit, are they actually producing a lot of ketones? How do we determine that? Are they consuming what they're producing so efficiently that we can't measure it in the bloodstream? Or are they also preserving so as not to overproduce the ketones because you know, they need to store more, it's better for them. Maybe they don't have access to certain foods as much. We're studying a modern population these days when it comes to being able to use biochemical methods of testing. So we're not really studying, you know, old school, old fashioned indigenous Inuit either. So it's hard to really be able to make, you know, absolute claims. So we need to put it into an evolutionary context really. - Yeah, so it's clear when we talk about evolution and try and relate it to modern day society, there are so many different steps and so many things to consider. But I think maybe a just a way to phrase it is, you know, we're talking about ketosis and longevity and is it safe, is there any evidence or any concern that it isn't? Like why is the burden of proof to say that it is safe? If it is something that we've been in and out of through evolution, like why do we have to prove that? Where's the concern or the evidence that it's not safe to be in ketosis long term? - Yeah, it's true. I think that probably stemmed more than anything else from, you know, when we started measuring and understanding ketones, it was in the presence of type one diabetic ketoacidosis, right? And so it's very unfortunate because still to this day we see papers where, you know, there'll be talking about ketoacidosis with a elevated glucose, which is, you know, in the six and seven range, which is, you know, it definitely is hypoglycemia, but it's not in the diabetic, type one diabetic range. And then the presence of ketones. So they'll be like, oh you know, your blood glucose is 5.9 or 6.5 and you've got ketones at one, so you have ketoacidosis, which is not true. Ketoacidosis is three factors. And the third factor, it's a triad. The third factor is bicarb of the blood, the buffering, the bicarb of the blood and that to be below 18. So if you're seeing it trending at 20, then you know, you start to pay attention to it. So diabetic ketoacidosis is not just elevated glucose and ketones, and also again, diabetic ketoacidosis is when the ketones are, you know, in double digits and so is the glucose. But because of that, because the medical world under understood ketones, under the ketoacidosis context, it was viewed as pathological. So therefore everything thereafter with regards to ketones and ketosis is therefore pathological unfortunately. And so it sort of made it so that, well if we hear anything about ketogenic diet, being in ketosis, you have to prove that it's safe. And of course we've got the other paradigm which is that saturated fat and fat is bad for you. And so therein lies the problem that, you know, a ketogenic diet is inherently high in fat, isn't it? And so that's another battle. And there there are studies, there are studies, animal studies, but there are studies that are showing, you know, putting animals into ketosis and these animals have resulted in cancer and then people will go with, see you got cancer in these animals because they were in ketosis. But you have to always consider every single study with regards to ketosis or anything else as well, is it a species appropriate diet? So when you see with rat studies and animal studies that they get cancer when they're in ketosis, then you have to investigate, well what was the fat that they used, what was the protein they used? Was this appropriate for this animal? You know, if you're going to feed a bunch of mice, canola oil, soybean oil, soybean protein isolate, are these species appropriate foods? No. So this is why I always say to people, it's not just ketones that begets health. I don't think it's going to turn out into a health outcome. - Yeah. That is such an important perspective that it's just not black and white. Ketosis or not, but how you get there. And really points out the difficulty of taking, you know, rodent studies, animal studies and extrapolating the findings to humans. And that's why we have to do the human studies, like you said, species appropriate diet. And you started this whole conversation talking about caloric restriction in animals. And I think that's such an interesting topic because it's an animal in a cage, it's only going to eat what you give it. It can't go down to the 7-11 and buy a bag of chips, right? It can't DoorDash food, right? It is not the same environment. We have to consider that environment. So when people calorie restrict, some people can do it very well and some people are going to be hungry and miserable and have cravings and binge and have the opposite effect. So I guess this ties into a conversation we had offline where you said you really do like to do these trials in people who self-select rather than sort of forcing something upon them. So tell us about your rationale for that, because I think it's so important with how we interpret, you know, the gold standard randomized control trial or the non-randomized trial. How does this fit into what we know about science and how it relates to us as human beings? - Yeah, well you know, it's funny because with drug trials it, and not just drug trials, but in general medical practice when drugs are prescribed, a doctor will often say, well, you know, adherence matters. So if the patient doesn't adhere, of course it's not going to work. And that's going to be exactly the same as lifestyle adherence matters, you know. So, what governs adherence? Tolerability. Of course it's very obvious. So you know, just as much as if you take someone who enjoys a vegan high carb diet and you put them on a carnivore high fat diet, they're probably going to be miserable. You know, equally, if you are, you know, you particularly like Indian cuisine and I force you to go on a Mediterranean Italian cuisine, you might be miserable too. So it really, really matters that you do, you know, food is important, not just as a nourishment and, and to indicate on, you know, affect our health. It's part of our culture, it's part of our lifestyle. We get, you know, what's called a "Madeleine de Proust" when we eat dishes that bring us back to our childhood, all of these sort of things. So it's really important that each participant is able to, you know, incorporate the diet that suits their palate and lifestyle as a result. And so with our trial, that's what we looked at. We took women who already had been in ketosis for years and they had figured out what works for them. Because again, in ketosis trials quite often it's controlled. You are all going to get, you know, a set amount of calories based on your body weight. We're going to do it all isocalorically, we're going to control, you know, the type of fat that you're having, the type of protein that you're having, a lot of things, or it's just a shake. And then the problem is here, it's possible this person needs more protein, it's possible this person is responsive to a different type of protein. It's possible this person, you know, cheese works really well for them and this person cheese doesn't work well for them. We found this within our own participants that some could have yogurt and cheese and you know, have high ketones and others it just would flatten their ketones altogether. I tell you the more interesting one was broccolini. Broccolini, which occurs a lot in ketosis dishes with some participants where it would really halve if not more their ketones. So in terms of a ketosis trial, you also need to understand that things have to be teased out that enable the individual person to produce a certain target level of ketones. So we've got a number of problems here because there's a lot of keto trials that just consider reaching a threshold but not anything above that. So it'll be, you know, the cutoff will be above 0.3 or is above 0.5 for nutritional ketosis. Now if we're talking about something like cancer as a study, if everyone reaches 0.5, 0.6, 0.7, you'd consider it compliance, they're in ketosis. But it's arguable whether it's going to be therapeutic enough to make a difference. Plus if you're measuring that in the morning, it's got the highest rate of false positives because if you produce 0.7, 0.8 in the morning, even quite often type two diabetic obese people produce that because they've slept for eight hours, seven or eight hours not eating their dinner two hours beforehand. So there's essentially a 10 to 12 hour fast and then they're measuring this morning fasting ketones. So studies that are only measuring morning fasting ketones are going to result in a fair amount of participants likely not in ketosis during the trial. And then you look at the final results and the data and you wonder how come there's not a strong statistical significant difference. This is why in our trial we had all our participants measuring four times a day. When you wake up, before you go to sleep. Before dinner, lunchtime, and dinnertime, whether you have lunch or dinner or not. And roughly always three hours minimum after a meal. So that you are, the test is having as little interaction with the meal as possible. And so of course sometimes if you have dinner late, you're going to go to bed two hours after we factored that in. But essentially, so each participant in our trial took 252 tests over the course of the trial. So that's a lot of tests but that really lets you know compliance that really lets you know if the day is supporting ketogenesis for the individual because if you control the meals, some people can have fiber in their diet, still produce ketones, other people fiber in the diet, they cannot produce ketones. So it's really important for it to be teased out for the individual participant and then therefore testing through the day, they can then also fine tune and with women their ketogenic, you know, to be able produce ketones are going to be affected by their monthly cycle as well. So again, those things are going to have to be teased out and worked out for the individual participants. And so, you know, this is why we sort of covered all of these things and why it was necessary inside of our trial in the hopes that future studies in diseased cohorts, they look back at our study and go, okay, so we clearly need to do more testing through the day, but if there's a budget issue, which test would you do? You do the between 4:00 to 6:00 PM where it's at least three hours after lunch and it's before dinner because this one has the least chance of being the false positive of the morning, number one to assess compliance. But also because if you've got breakfast and lunch or any kind of drink in between or things like that. And then the reading is more likely to drop if the lifestyle is not properly supportive of ketogenesis. So we're going to get less of those false positives in studies, which is obviously much better. - Yeah, that's such a fascinating point and it's a question we get a lot here. Like, when should I check my ketones? When should I check my ketones? And I mean there are a number of ways to answer that. One is, well what are you trying to measure? Like why do you want to be in ketosis and why is that important? And are you checking, you know, do you want to know the impact your meal has on your ketones or is it about your whole day? So there are different things, but I love that answer. The, if there's one time you have to check that 4:00 to 6:00 PM because that does tell you sort of like your whole day, which is really important. And I mean this is where, you know, a continuous ketone monitor or a CKM could be incredibly beneficial and those are in their infancy. They're not nearly as widespread as CGMs but hopefully that will come out soon and be more widely available, at least for research because that's where it could be so important for a research study. So you don't have to prick your finger four times a day, but that's impressive that you got your subjects to do it four times a day. That's really good. - Yeah, we had 99 plus percent compliance. - That's amazing. That's amazing. Well and like you said, self-selected, very motivated population. Yeah. - Completely. Now if you think about it in a trial, if you have people self-selecting into, you know, a ketogenic supportive lifestyle, but you also have people who are self-selecting into non-ketogenic supportive lifestyle you therefore equalized the self-selection. So, you know, in that respect, it's you're still getting the correct representation when people say, oh yeah, but how come, maybe it's just because they like the, you know, it's a bias to that group. It's like the other one's biased to that group too, so it can work perfectly fine. - Yeah, interesting, interesting. You brought up another fascinating point I want to circle back to which is women in their menstrual cycle. Because so much of the studies, if it's done in men or women over age 60, you sort of exclude this whole very important physiologic phenomenon and you know, some women say, I just feel terrible at certain points of my cycle when I'm in ketosis, so I do want to eat more carbs. Some women don't have that finding. So I'm curious, since you have been studying this age group of women, what do you find sort of most impactful about the menstrual cycle and how it changes either ketosis or, you know, someone's need for carbs or cravings for carbs or what have you found around that? - So we have data that we haven't analyzed in these sort of things. So everything I say on this, you know, has obviously not been statistically analyzed, but it was very, very interesting. So the commentary of when they were out of ketosis was I think it was, I wanted to eat everything but the kitchen sink and so, you know, which kind of makes sense in terms of if you are already eating carbohydrates, this is obviously going to affect leptin, leptin resistance, satiety, these things. But also, because you know, we had in our study we measured GLP-1 as well and GLP-1 is related to gastric emptying, you know, so as well as the fact that a GLP-1 signals the GLP-1 receptor and this receptor is also sensitive to osteocalcin, osteocalcin also regulates GLP-1. There's all these interactions which are really interesting. And you know, like GLP-1 is always studied in the context of, you know, wanting to, it's been triggered because of carbohydrate, right? It's a bolus trigger. But in actual fact you can see in our study that being in ketosis significantly increased the GLP-1 levels. And so for satiety, this is very, very important if your background or the markers that indicate better satiety so one of them will be gastric emptying. Of course, if your tummy's full, you are less likely to feel hungry, aren't you? And so if you have a slowing down of gastric emptying then that's going to affect satiety. We know this with the current drugs that you know, are GLP-1 agonists. Now the difference is you know, what if you're having slowing of gastric emptying it's probably going to matter what's in your stomach if it's staying there for a long time. And so therein lies the difference is if you consider a ketogenic diet that is more slanted towards low fiber as well then you know, we are really talking about protein and fat at this point. And so protein and fat, you know, they're going to be worked on in the lower part of the stomach. You do want the many more hours of it broken down, small amounts to be released at a strong stomach pH level. Whereas if you think if you have a high fiber diet, then you, you know, it is still being held in the stomach, small amounts are being released but because it's high fiber, the pH is going much higher. So it is not an alkaline value, it's an acid value, but it's going to be some of the way between pH 3.5 to 5.5. Now this is going to affect cholecystokinin. Cholecystokinin in the small intestines is regulating bile synthesis which means also the emptying of the spleen, synthesis of taurine put into the bile and then the gallbladder to release this bile into the intestines to maximize the uptake of the fat soluble vitamins and essential fatty acids, as well as stimulate the cholecystokinin stimulate the pancreas as well to release all the pancreatic enzymes which are going to be working on, you know, digesting the proteins so you can absorb them. As well as both of these, the bile and the pancreatic enzymes subsequently changing the pH of the small intestines so that the enzymes are working at their optimum as well as the correct microbiome is then going to reside in that location. So you can see how they all work together. So something with regards to slowing gastric emptying this evolutionarily would be beneficial as well. Because why? Well we didn't used to have three meals a day. You know, refrigeration is quite a young new technology really, and we wouldn't We could even could potentially go for days without food in fact. And so what food you would have, you would want to maximally absorb as much of the nutrients as possible in actual fact. So you'd want it to slow down and you want to grab everything you possibly can as early as possible. So, anyway, being in ketosis we saw the higher levels of GLP-1, we saw the lower levels of leptin and that corresponded to satiety for our female participants. And that changed when they were suppressing ketosis. And one of the comments that they all made, they were actually not out of ketosis in the morning until six days into the intervention to suppress ketosis. And if they ever went longer than four hours of not eating three and a half, four hours, they were back into ketosis even in phase two. And, but one of the things that they all commented on was waking up in the morning with their stomach growling and it was really interesting. They, the body was telling them, okay, I'm used to it now and you know, I need to have some food. So they felt that and they definitely noticed even out of ketosis, they still wanted to eat more at a particular time of their cycle but it was much less strong that signal in that regard. And of course that's very helpful. - Yeah, yeah. I got to take a breath after that explanation though, that was a tour de force of like the inner relationship, how everything's connected in the biochemistry of all those. That was fascinating and really helpful that you're studying this population because I think it is a very understudied age group. So, super helpful to understand all that. Now, one last point I want to touch on with you is you mentioned you have also some mental health data maybe that it hasn't also been evaluated as much, but I'm curious where you've seen the mental health signal in your studies and what you've looked at. - Yeah, so you know, again, the caveat that this is a self-selecting population. They chose this lifestyle and when they were suppressing ketosis we basically had our participants do the WHO and the NHS mental health questionnaire because they were validated already. And then we did another questionnaire, which was not a validated questionnaire, but we asked everything we thought we could possibly ask that would be of interest so that we just collected this data and our participants, you know, they were super healthy so we didn't expect to see, you know hugely negative changes. So they were, their focus was just as good. They weren't fatigued, none of these sort of things. But they just, there was a shift to the negative side on things. That's what they really did see. They saw a shift on slightly easier to be agitated, things like this. And, you know, so that was actually quite interesting just that one there. So, you know, it wasn't like this huge, oh my god, they became really depressed because it's again, in this cohort, it's not reasonable, but you would think about it evolutionarily we're opportunistic. In the past if we saw a bunch of, you know, delicious berries or you know, honey availability, we would certainly eat it. You know, and many of us historically evolved near the equator, so there definitely were yes, high fibrous fruits, but there were fruits and so it doesn't make sense evolutionarily that we would have suddenly become so depressed and so ill, if we did, you know, a season of autumn of eating some fruits and having essentially suppressing ketosis as a result. But you could see inside of our data there was this absolute shift towards not being in the best mood, things like this, having a slightly shorter temper, less patience, these sort of things. It was very interesting. So, but we have to analyze data - That is fascinating. I look forward to seeing that data. Well, my goodness, this has been a wonderful discussion, so many details, but the but also bringing it back to sort of the person, the patient and again, you sort of talked about how it's so important for researchers to understand the individual and how this impacts people's lives and how it impacts their families. And so I just want to say thank you for the work you're doing and also for adding the human aspect to that. So thank you very much. - Yeah, no, my pleasure, my pleasure. We're all trying to do our bit, right? So it's, you know, well I think that once you have this kind of level of knowledge or the capacity to learn this stuff, it puts us in a position where I would say if you can, you know, an obligation to try to make a difference, try to make a change because none of us will not have a family member affected by any of these diseases. And so it's really, really imperative that we get on top of it and you know it's not only our direct family members it's our society at large, you know, so yeah. Being involved with people, not just looking at papers and numbers keeps it really, really real. And we have to do that. - Well, I'm sure after this interview, because you're such a fascinating individual, people are going to want to follow you and learn more about you. So where can we direct them to go to learn more about you? - So my... I have a website which is called Forever Young Group, and it's my research group who are amazing. None of this research could happen without them. It's a lot of work. And so that's at foreveryounggroup.com and on my publications would be my email as well. And on Twitter it's @i_mitochondria and Facebook is @bellamitochondria. - Wonderful, wonderful. Well thank you again for joining us and hopefully we'll talk to you again soon. - Brilliant. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saraha6237 [8 likes]: OMG what a level of depth and nuance. Thank you so much for having Isabella Cooper. On a high level, I believe I can follow, but wonder what I can bring from that into my kitchen and life. Such a high degree of individuality. Does her study have insights into what these women were eating?
I did strict therapeutic keto to help heal from a TBI, over the course of 2 years. My brain and nerves loved it, yet the rest of myself (otherwise healthy female) took a toll, especially in the second year. Now having more protein, and thus negligible ketones, but the rebuilding in progress feels great. Will try to find a middle ground. Thanks for the helpful information!
  2. @kcchan8507 [7 likes]: I don’t test my keto level very often, as I can tell from my body temperature, just a feeling that my body is generating heat then I am in ketosis
  3. @DB-su5qp [2 likes]: Its mindblowing that Isabella was born with a profound hearing impairment.
  4. @abcd2025-w2w [1 likes]: Well she explained why I don’t feel hungry when I’m in ketosis.  I thought it was all in my head 😂.
  5. @rafaelbustamante4768 [1 likes]: I think the lady lost the point or ignores the main longevity markers, avoid picks of glucose and avoid inflamation...all comes down to the Keto diet.
  6. @pmccord9 [1 likes]: Whew, very challenging, empowering information. Thanks. I'm taking my "n of one" project more seriously.
  7. @iwayned [1 likes]: Autophagy
  8. @markSolway: I need Isabella round my house for dinner , then we can discuss these ketones further.
  9. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: i think low carb 100 or less a day can get you similar results
  10. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: I've heard that you need carbs to make progesterone, which happens the week or so before you start... So, I notice I'll be much hungrier.  Listen to your body... I'm low carb not keto... Works fine for me... listen to your body.. expirement.
  11. @NischaP-q7p: Wonderful important work!!
  12. @dou40006: I commented more than a year ago on one of her interviews that her approach on nutrition based on the study of a few biochemical reactions was inherently flawed because the problems is that there are literally thousands of biochemical reactions in our body. Her flawed approach has been exposed thanks to a very recent study showing that regular consumption of melatonin was increasing the risk of heart disease. In one of her interviews, she claimed that melatonin would be the only supplements she would keep because of its super antioxidant properties.
  13. @RainerMaelger: Vielen Dank für diese wichtigen Informationen
  14. @feelgoodcs: I really enjoyed this interview. Thank you to both of you. We need you both x
  15. @ronaldlenz5745: WOW! Great guest and interview.
  16. @melznutz3313: Ketosis has my autoimmune issues at bay.  Likely caused by leaky gut from years of bad diet and meds. 
Listen wisely ❤
  17. @iwayned: I wish she had mentioned Autophy.
  18. @Roberto-cg2gr: Like and share
  19. @him-hk7ii: Leptin not hunger it is Ghrelin
  20. @peterbedford2610: Anti keto groups talk about CVD and cancer. How valid are these warnings??

- Does a Keto Diet Help You Live Longer... Or Die Sooner? (The Science Explained): Kind: captions Language: en Does a keto diet help you live longer or die sooner? There's something almost magical about keto when you first try it. Within days, sometimes within a week, the scale starts moving downward. Your clothes fit differently. Your blood sugar readings flatten out if you're tracking them. And that gnawing afternoon hunger just seems to disappear. For many people, especially those who've struggled with weight gain or blood sugar control for years, keto feels like the answer they've been searching for. And in many ways, the short-term improvements are real. Your triglycerides drop. Your glucose becomes more stable. You start to lose visceral fat around your organs. These are all markers that we associate with better health, with living longer. But here's where it gets complicated. In some people, not all, but a meaningful number, keto does something else. It sends LDL cholesterol, the type most closely linked with arterial plaque formation, climbing upwards, sometimes dramatically. And this creates a genuine tension because now you're in a situation where some of your numbers look brilliant while another number, one that matters enormously for long-term cardiovascular risk, is moving in exactly the wrong direction. This is the keto paradox. You can feel great, look leaner, and have better glucose control, all while potentially accelerating the silent process that leads to heart attacks and strokes decades down the line. Hi, I'm Dr. Alex. I'm an emergency medicine doctor and after nearly 10 years in the A&E, I've seen what happens when preventable disease isn't prevented. So, my goal now is to help people avoid it in the first place and live longer, healthier lives. So, what I want to do in this video is cut through the noise around keto and longevity. By the end, you'll know exactly who keto is likely to help, who it might harm, and if you do choose to use it, how to do it in a way that doesn't trade short-term wins for long-term risk. Because the truth is, keto isn't inherently good or bad for longevity. It depends entirely on what it does to your individual biology and whether you're measuring the right things. So before we go any further, we need to be clear about what we're actually talking about because a lot of the confusion around keto and health comes from people using different definitions. When I say ketogenic diet, I'm referring to a very low carbohydrate approach. Typically around 20 to 50 gram of carbs per day, restrictive enough to push your body into a metabolic state called ketosis, where you're producing measurable ketone bodies as an alternative fuel source. That's the technical definition of ketone. Low carb, on the other hand, is a much broader category. You can cut carbs significantly, maybe down to 100 or 150 grams a day, and get some metabolic benefits without ever entering ketosis. This distinction matters because many studies labeled as low carb aren't actually testing ketogenic diets. They're testing moderate carb restriction, which can produce different outcomes, particularly when it comes to cholesterol responses. Now, the other thing to establish up front is this. Longevity isn't about the label of your diet. It's not about whether you can say, "I'm keto," or, "I'm plant-based." What actually determines whether you live longer and avoid chronic disease, is what happens to your risk factors over the course of decades. That's what we're interested in. Not the philosophy, not the community, just the biology. So, what actually predicts living longer? Well, if we're going to evaluate whether keto helps or harms longevity, we need to know what we're measuring it against. Think of this as your longevity scoreboard. The key markers that when optimized give you the best chance of not just living longer, but staying healthy and functional as you age. The first one is body composition, particularly visceral fat. That's the fat stored deep in your abdomen around your organs, and it's metabolically active in ways that increase inflammation and insulin resistance. Losing visceral fat is one of the most reliable ways to reduce disease risk. Now, the second one is blood pressure. Chronically elevated blood pressure damages blood vessels and drives cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke risk. The third one is glycemic control and insulin resistance. How well you handle blood sugar, how sensitive your cells are to insulin. These all determine your risk of type 2 diabetes and all the complications that come with it. Fourth, and this is crucial, is apo or LDL particle burden. Now, Apo is a protein marker that tells you how many aogenic particles you have circulating in your blood. These are the particles that can get stuck in artery walls and form plaques over time. LDL cholesterol is often used as a proxy when apo isn't measured. But apo is more accurate. This number more than almost any other predicts your long-term risk of atherosclerosis, the process that leads to heart attacks and strokes. The fifth one is fitness, specifically your V2 max and muscular strength. These are independent predictors of longevity. Now, people with higher cardiorespiratory fitness live longer. Full stop. And finally, the sixth one is your overall diet quality and adherence. Are you getting enough fiber? Are you meeting your micronutrient needs? How much ultrarocessed food are you eating? And can you actually sustain this way of eating for years or decades? Because a perfect diet you can only follow for 3 months isn't a longevity strategy if you're aiming to live until 90 or 100. Now, these six categories form the foundation of how we evaluate any dietary approach. Keto, like any diet, needs to be judged on what it does to this scoreboard over time, not just on how it makes you feel in the first few weeks. Now, just a quick one before we carry on with the video. I see messages and comments all the time from people who've watched my videos and didn't realize they weren't actually subscribed to the channel. So, could you do me a quick favor and just check that you actually are? It takes just a couple of seconds and it really helps these videos reach more people like you. And if you are subscribed, then thank you so much. I really, really do appreciate it. So, without further ado, let's carry on with the rest of the video. So, let's just continue with what keto does well because there are real measurable short-term benefits that show up consistently in the research. One of the most striking is weight loss and appetite control. For many people, cutting carbs dramatically reduces hunger, particularly the kind of persistent noring hunger that makes dieting feel unbearable. Now, there's likely a combination of mechanisms at play here. Ketones themselves have appetite suppressing effects. Protein intake often goes up which makes you feel fuller for longer and blood sugar swings are minimized. Whatever the exact reason, the practical result is that people often find it easier to maintain a calorie deficit without feeling constantly deprived and the weight just comes off, especially early on. Triglycerides, which are a type of fat circulating in your blood, tend to drop on ketone often substantially. High triglycerides are a marker of metabolic dysfunction and cardiovascular risk. So seeing them fall is definitely a good sign. Glycemic markers often improve as well, particularly in people with insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes. When you remove most dietary carbohydrates, your blood sugar naturally becomes more stable. And HBA1C or A1C, the measure of average blood glucose over the last 3 months, often improves. For someone whose glucose control has been poor for years, this can genuinely be a lifesaving shift. As well as that, blood pressure often comes down as well, though this is usually tied to weight loss rather than ketosis itself. Losing visceral fat and reducing insulin levels both contribute to better blood pressure control. Now, these changes taken together are why keto feels like magic for some people. Within weeks, multiple risk factors move in the right direction. You feel better, you look better, your doctor is pleased with your blood work. The question is whether these improvements translate into living longer. And that's where things get a bit complicated. So, if you want to understand whether keto is truly compatible with longevity, this is the section that matters most. Because while keto can improve blood glucose, triglycerides and body composition, it can also in some individuals dramatically increase LDL cholesterol and apo. And this is not a minor detail. This is the single most important long-term risk factor for the disease that kills more people than any other. Atherosclerosis. Atherosclerosis is the gradual buildup of plaque inside your arteries. It's a very slow silent process that can go on for decades without any symptoms and then suddenly you have a heart attack or a stroke. Maybe you die. Now the driving force behind plaque formation is the retention of apo containing lipoproteins in the artery wall. Apo is the best cholesterol-related marker we have for predicting this risk. Every LDL particle, every VLDLDL particle contains one Apo B molecule. So when you measure APOB, you're counting the number of aogenic particles in your blood. The higher that number, the higher your risk of plaque accumulation over time. LDL cholesterol is a reasonable proxy when Apo B isn't available, though this is less precise. What the evidence shows is that ketogenic diets on average can raise LDL cholesterol. And in some people, particularly those who eat a lot of saturated fat from sources like butter or cream or fatty cuts of meat, LDL can spike dramatically. These are often called hyper respponders. Their LDL might jump from 3 millles per liter to five or even six within a few months of starting ketone. Not everyone responds this way. Some people's LDL barely moves or might even drop slightly, but you don't know which category you fall into unless you measure it. Meta analyses and cardiovascular risk reviews consistently flag this as a genuine concern. Short-term metabolic improvements are real, but long-term cardiovascular risk outcome data for ketogenic diets are limited, and the LDL response is a red flag that can't be ignored. If keto improves your glucose and triglycerides but sends your appleo beef through the roof, you haven't found a longevity diet. You found a trade-off. You're potentially improving one risk factor while worsening another that matters just as much, if not more, over the long term. The key point here is this. You can't guess how your body will respond to keto. You have to measure it. And if your Apo B or LDL climbs significantly, you need to make some changes either in how you do keto or whether you continue with it at all. So what about the mortality data? Well, this is where people want a simple answer. And unfortunately, the honest answer is that we don't have one yet. There are observational studies that try to assess mortality risk in people eating lower carb diets, but these studies are quite messy. They rely on food frequency questionnaires which are notoriously unreliable. They often can't distinguish between true ketogenic diets and moderate carb restriction. And there's enormous confounding. People who choose very low carb diets might differ in dozens of other ways from people who don't. Ways that also affect longevity. Some analyses suggest potential associations in either direction, but none of it is definitive enough to make a strong claim that keto makes you live longer. What we do have is much better evidence for how keto affects risk factors. The markers we know predict long-term outcomes. We know that if you keep Apo low, maintain good blood pressure, avoid insulin resistance, and stay lean, your chances of living a long healthy life go up dramatically. We also know that if your Apo B climbs into the high-risisk category and stays there for years, your risk of cardiovascular events increases, regardless of what your diet is called. The absence of long-term randomized control trials on keto and mortality isn't proof that it's safe or unsafe. It's just proof that we're still working with incomplete information. And in that context, the most rational approach is to focus on the biomarkers we know matter and monitor them carefully. So, who is keto for then? Well, keto isn't equally appropriate for everyone, and understanding who's most likely to benefit versus who should be cautious is essential if you're considering it. On the benefit side, the people who tend to do the best with keto are those with significant insulin resistance. Type 2 diabetes, high triglycerides, or a fatty liver. If your glucose control is poor and your body is struggling to handle carbs efficiently, removing most carbs from your diet can produce rapid and meaningful improvements. Your HBA1C drops, your liver fat decreases, your triglycerides fall. For those individuals, keto can be a genuinely powerful intervention, especially if done under medical supervision. People who struggle with portion control and do well with clear dietary rules also tend to succeed on ketone. The simplicity of don't eat carbs can be easier to follow than eat carbs in moderation, which is vague and requires constant decision-making. If keto helps you eat less without feeling deprived and your biomarkers improve, then that's a win. On the other side, there are groups who should be much more cautious or avoid keto altogether without specialist guidance. Anyone with known cardiovascular disease or very high baseline LDL or APOB needs to be extremely careful because keto could make things worse. People with a history of eating disorders should generally avoid highly restrictive diets as well as they can trigger disordered patterns. Pregnant or breastfeeding women, children, and teenagers have specific nutritional needs that make very low carb diets inappropriate without expert oversight. People on diabetes medication, particularly insulin or sulfanuras, face a real risk of hypoglycemia if they suddenly drop their carb intake without adjusting the medication. This needs to be done with medical supervision. The broader point here is that keto is a tool and like any tool, it works better for some people and some situations than others. It's not a universal solution and pretending it is does more harm than good. So, if you've decided that keto makes sense for you or you want to try it, then there's a way to do it that maximizes the potential benefits while minimizing the longevity risks, this is what I'd call longevity compatible keto. And it requires being intentional about what you measure and what you eat. The first thing is measure the right things before you start. And again at 8 to 12 weeks, you need to check your Apo B or at a minimum your LDL cholesterol, your non-HDL cholesterol, your triglyceride to HDL ratio, HBA1C, and your blood pressure. If your LDL or Apo B climb sharply, you need to pivot. Either change the composition of your diet, more on that in a moment, or abandon keto altogether. This really isn't optional. You cannot optimize what you don't measure. and assuming your cholesterol is fine because you feel good is a mistake. The second thing is make it Mediterranean keto. This means prioritizing your fat sources carefully. Build your diet around olive oil. I mean proper extravirgin olive oil, oily fish like salmon and mackerel, nuts and seeds. Don't make butter, bacon, and fatty cuts of red meat the backbone of your fat intake. Saturated fat, particularly in large amounts, is what tends to drive LDL up in susceptible individuals. You can still be in ketosis while eating mostly unsaturated fats, and your cardiovascular risk profile will be far better. Keep protein reasonable, not excessively high. And make sure you're getting fiber from non-starchy vegetables, from seeds, and from nuts. This version of keto looks very different from the bacon and butter stereotype and it aligns much better with what we know about heart health. The third thing is don't confuse ketosis with health. Being in ketosis just means you're producing ketones as a fuel source. It doesn't guarantee nutrient density. It doesn't guarantee gut health, good sleep, adequate physical activity, or longevity. Ketones are a metabolic state, not a magic bullet. you still need to eat well-rounded nutrient-rich foods. You need to exercise, manage stress, and then at the end of the day, sleep properly as well. Keto doesn't give you a free pass on any of that. Now, the fourth one is to consider cycling. For many people, keto works best as a phase, not a lifetime commitment. You might use it for 3 to six months to lose visceral fat, improve insulin sensitivity, and reset your metabolic health, and then transition into a less restrictive, more sustainable long-term eating pattern that keeps your biomarkers in an ideal range. There's no rule that says you have to stay keto forever. And for most people, the best diet for longevity is one they can actually maintain for years without feeling miserable. Okay, so here's how to think about keto and longevity clearly. If keto improves your weight, your glucose control, and your triglycerides, and your apo or LDL stays favorable, it can be a reasonable tool, especially if you're starting from a place of significant metabolic dysfunction. On the other hand, if keto spikes your B or LDL, or if you find it impossible to stick to, then it's not a longevity strategy. It's just a short-term intervention and one that might be creating more risk than benefit. At the end of the day, longevity is quite boring. It's not about finding the perfect diet or the most optimized eating pattern. It's about finding a way of eating that you can sustain for 10 years that keeps your biomarkers in a healthy range that you actually enjoy and that lets you live your life. Keto isn't a religion. It's simply a lever. And the only question that matters is this. What does it do to your risk profile? If you're going to pull that lever, measure the results, adjust as needed, and don't let ideology override biology. Because at the end of the day, living longer isn't about what you call your diet. It's about what your body does with it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tannislaidlaw6096 [1 likes]: I'm lucky. Diabetes diagnosed 15 years ago. Intolerant of Metformin so decided to try keto which, most of the time, I love, and here I am, an octogenarian with high HDL, low triglycerides, okay LDL, weight steady for the entire time after the initial weight loss, but I do get my 6-7,000 steps on average each day and sleep pretty well. I eat only 2 meals a day. I have a dressing of OVOO every day with my salad starter, but also butter and Greek yoghurt. I include fermented foods daily (kefir and pickled vegetables) and a breakfast of seeds, coconut, kemp hearts and both kefir and cream, with some stevia-based sweetener. My HbA1c, last reading, was 41, in our system, a reading so close to normal as to be in the mildly pre-diabetic range. As I said, I'm lucky, but I feel as if I do make my own luck.
😁
  2. @joshhall3755: I can't measure my LDL because my triglycerides are too high?
  3. @truthbetold6496: Do healthy keto, limit saturated fats, replace with good fats, and eat your fiber
  4. @judysbakeryandtestkitchen1654: I’ve been doing low-carb, not keto, for about seven years. About 70 net carbs a day. I didn’t pay attention to fat. 

My LDL has gone down and my HDL is about 100. My cardiologist looks at total LDL/HDL. When I asked him why, he said they don’t know for sure which is good and which is bad.

BUT I have gained quite a tummy, which I am guessing it’s visceral fat. So I’m starting to do strength training more and as much walking as my foot will allow.

I’m also looking at how to get rid of insulin resistance, because I’m guessing that’s a factor. I am prioritizing protein for about 30 g a meal. And then trying to limit my saturated fat
  5. @jamesbartholomew1289: @DrAlexWibberley  have you watched a documentary called "The Cholesterol Code" which specifically investigates the high LDL response in keto and whether or not that leads to plaque. Would be very interesting to hear your opinion on it.
  6. @runtothetrees: I know the data on the S.tandard A.merican D.iet, so yeah I'll take my chances with Keto/Carnivore & hardcore fasting.
  7. @runtothetrees: I'm doing #3 47-1, followed by #1 71-1. My window is 9-10am.
My GKI is sub 1 routinely.
  8. @dradenmalinowski9457: Personally im using keto to hopefully transition  to a healthier sustainable diet. I was getting pretty addicted to different sodas and chocolate and getting fast food almost every day after work. Doing keto diet eliminates most of those habits with basically one simple rule. Hopefully after a month or two I am in habit of eating healthier and can than go back to eating carbs but healthy foods. I need to avoid fast food.
  9. @zacharyferreira2469: Doctor Anthony: your “technical” definition of a keto diet is not correct. You defined it as a restriction of total carbs and you said nothing of net carbs. The only carbs that need to be restricted are those carbs that get taken up in the blood as glucose because the prime directive of the diet is to induce ketosis. Resistant starch and dietary fibre are carbohydrates and get included in total carbs but any proper “technical” keto diet should net those out (ignore those) before restricting carbs. Your definition glosses over this point completely.
  10. @theborgster8497: What annoys me is if I say I'm on a Keto diet, naysayers automatically assume I'm on the the bacon and butter you refer to (as evidenced by so many of the comments in your videos). 
I choose to exclude carb heavy foods and most certainly avoid all and any processed and highly refined foods.
I don't exclude nuts, leafy vegetables, fish, olive oils. I walk 5k to 10k steps every day and do resistance training 3 times a week. My average sleep duration is 7,5 hours and I eat 2 meals a day in an 8 hour window.
Waiting for someone to tell me that's an unhealthy approach
  11. @mdevorah6833: When i was a lab tech we learned that ketosis was the break down of muscles and not good.
  12. @mdevorah6833: A friend was on keto
 She was loosing hair, then she started several autoimmune diseases. Coincidence? No coincidences in this world
  13. @LechOrlowski: Mt chorestol is the same as 10 years ago; I don't care anymore and enjoy my life being slim and fit. Is just above "the norm" . GP are panicking, and I don't trust them anyway.
  14. @lahcenechel1855: I was so hot about keto till I discovered the ldl truth which I can't deny .
  15. @ngegass_bermanfaat: Is it AI real?
  16. @JMSsssssss: The "LDL causes atherosclerosis" argument is debatable and currebtly being studied.  Insulin resistance is a bigger factor.  Inflammation is a bigger factor.
  17. @jonny.random: Greetings from the Highlands of Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 Great article, with genuine engaging presentation took a lot from it.
Found listening through the background chime music irritating, just some feedback.
Looking forward to watching more of your stuff 👍
  18. @Michelgia523: Something Doctors don't often consider is Keto is far better than doing nothing. If healthy high fiber carbs are in my diet I am hungry all day start overeating and fail. Keto is how I can be 90% healthier and should be celebrated :)
  19. @mikepenz: Another lession of great science
  20. @LowHangingFruitForest: Keto research is hard because most people that are keto are still eating a lot of junk. We need a controlled long term study where people are eating for a healthy gut biome and nutrient rich and that likely won’t ever happen.

- Low Carb Diet vs Keto Diet - The Difference Explained by Dr. Berg: Kind: captions Language: en so recently I had a question what is the difference between the ketogenic diet versus a low carb diet okay I'm just gonna cover that all right so they're both low carbohydrate but really the only difference is that the ketogenic diet recommends a moderate amount of protein okay most low carb diets have higher amounts of protein now the problem with higher amounts of protein with certain people especially if there's liver damaged a lot of people have a damaged liver and don't even know they have a damaged liver as you start to build up too much uric acid in the body and ammonia and you usually see that with foamy strong smelly urine that could be the waste because the liver in the kidney is not breaking down the protein properly so excessive amounts of ammonia can create all sorts of problems in the brain and the kidney and this basically is a toxic effect of amino acids because your kidney liver is not able to break it down you can also have a problem in your gut where your microbes are not able to break this down too so we don't want to add a lot of stress to the organs like even the digestive system even the stomach even the liver or the kidney by adding a lot of protein the body just kind of gets overwhelmed it can then create certain byproducts that are toxic to your body because your your organs are not able to deal with that much protein on the other hand if your protein is too low you can get really weak you can have immune problems muscle loss hair loss collagen loss you're getting saggy skin or let's say for example your your gums are receding so we want just the right amount of protein you want between three to six ounces maybe seven maybe even eight per meal and we want that to be high-quality if you're adding in a minute fasting in there things are going to change because just the way your body adapts to the calories and it's going to be more conservative with your protein so you're not going to require even as much when you're doing in a minute fasting but the common denominator of why a low-carb diet or ketogenic diet is healthy is simply because your in carbohydrates and it's the high carbohydrate diet that creates the most side effects especially to your eyes to the lens of the eye to the pressure the fluid in the eye to the nerves in the eye and then we get damage to the liver with inflammation cirrhosis and definitely a fatty liver and the damage to the heart and the nerves and the brain so between these two diets I'm gonna recommend the ketogenic diet just make sure that you're doing the healthy version of the ketogenic diet thanks for watching so if you want more knowledge on how to create a healthy body subscribe now and get daily notifications daily notifications that sounds weird well I'll just remind you on a daily basis about that

  Top Comments:
  1. @marklawson4317 [79 likes]: If you want to lose fat, I recommend trying the Agoge diet. I lost lots of fat and felt great all the way.
  2. @GazanferAKINCI [39 likes]: I am cycling these two diet. 4 months Low Carb diet. And then 2 months Ketogenic Diet. And I feel very good Elhamdülillah. And of course Consistent Intermittent Fasting. I was already fasting since I am 9. Because I am Muslim and I love fasting. Thanks Dr. Berg for teaching me Ketogenic Lifestyle...
  3. @cristyasido2333 [14 likes]: both of this diet didnt worked for me, what i did was to switch to agoge diet that helped me get a personalized diet. its helped me in all ways possible without putting my health at risk
  4. @TheBandoury [10 likes]: I went on very strict  Keto for 8 month, I couldn't get into ketosis because I had insulin resistance, I just started low carb diet. The source of my carbs are  diverse colorful veggies and small amount of fruits.
  5. @Drberg: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  6. @shohanarahman5222: I am on keto for just 25 days... As I live in a joint family and it's summer so the house is full of mango, jackfruit, pineapple, but I can't have it... I feel tired
  7. @AngGalactic333: So youre saying carnivore is dangerous
  8. @tavialessor9569: Great now explain it in reference to crowns disease and which helps inflammation and gallstones
  9. @dwaynejones1146: How can a body builder build muscle on low protein ? or is low carb best for building muscle ?
  10. @haroldgreen1425: This is the second dr. I've seen on video trying to compare keto to low carb. If they did any research at all they'd realize that a keto diet "is" a low carb diet. I've eaten a low carb atkins diet for 30 years now allowing my self 12 carbs per day. A keto diet will also fit in atkins description of a low carb diet. There are lots of descriptions of low carb but primary is that you eat a diet low in carbs. It's hard to stay at 5% of your calories from carbs without your carb intake being very low. And that happens to be the one of the restrictions of a keto diet. A keto diet places restrictions on protein and fat intake. An atkins diet doesn't but it also doesn't limit where you set the amounts of proteins and fats. So a keto diet conforms to an atkins low carb diet.
  11. @willybaires6688: How long should one keep on a keto diet . Is it a temporary thing or can you do it for life ?
  12. @hassiri: Low carb makes more sense 
Your version of keto is not reasonable I can’t swallow 6 cups of salad and I don’t think it’s a gut issue I think it’s because I am a human and humans are not rabbits .
And I think if you need to add supplements to your diet it means that the diet is not right.
People should get their minerals and vitamins from food .
That’s how our ancestors lived long happy lives .
  13. @samanthacollins1417: How can I work out what amount of protein to eat?
  14. @sheryldabrowski18088: Dr Berg which is worse for a type one diabetic carbs or alcohol ?
  15. @wanderingwithkedar: छत्रपति शिवाजी महाराज सबका भला करे ❤️
  16. @mraquaticnews5676: Good video thanks Doc
  17. @notjustaprettyface: By account of this video, carnivore diet is dangerous.
  18. @worldview730: I need to go back to school to learn how to tweak my diet plan
  19. @abdullahfrwan: We need this video on Dr berg by Arabic plz
  20. @gabriel65304: So … what is better to low the LDL cholesterol????…. Carbs burner or Keto???,
Thanks 🙏🏻

- Healthy Aging with Nutrition: Kind: captions Language: en Essential nutrients are components in food that your body can't make on its own, and that we need to grow, function, and stay healthy. So we must get these nutrients through our diets. There are six classes of essential nutrients. Carbohydrates are the main source of calories, or energy, in the diet. Fats also give us energy and help with normal growth and development, immune function, vitamin absorption, hormone production, and more. Proteins, and the amino acids they are made of, are major structural components of our bodies' cells, and are responsible for building and repair of tissues, and maintenance of muscle and lean body mass. There are 13 essential vitamins which have important jobs such as keeping our nerves healthy, helping us resist infection, assisting with blood clotting, and keeping our metabolism running. Minerals are only needed in small amounts but play a vital role in muscle contraction, fluid balance, food digestion, bone building, blood pressure regulation, and more. Water is also an essential nutrient that delivers other nutrients to cells, regulates the body temperature, acts as a shock absorber and lubricant, and helps in the removal of waste from the body. Bioactive compounds are not considered essential because they haven't been shown to lead to deficiencies if they're missing in the diet. However, they may positively impact health. Bioactives are a big part of nutrition research and scientists are trying to better understand and unlock their potential health benefits. Bioactives that you have likely heard of are carotenoids. These colorful plant pigments found in bright red, yellow, and orange fruits and vegetables --act as powerful antioxidants and may help prevent some types of cancer and heart disease, reduce the risk of eye disease, and enhance the immune system and more. Resveratrol is another bioactive found in the skin of grapes, blueberries, raspberries, and mulberries that may reduce the risk of heart disease. Flavanols are a part of the flavanoid family that are found in tea, red wine, and cocoa and may positively influence our cardiovascular health. Phytosterols are steroid compounds in plants that may lower cholesterol and improve cardiovascular Phytoestrogens, found in many plants including soy and other legumes, are also being studied for their potential in reducing the risk of breast cancer. Healthy eating is important at every age, but the amount of nutrients we need, and our bodies' ability to process them, can change over time and depend on your personal health status. As you age, you may need more Vitamin D and calcium for bone health, more B12 for brain and blood health, and more fiber for a healthy digestive system. Some people may also need more water as their sense of thirst declines. Your medical conditions, or the medications you take, may also require you to adjust your diet. It's important to talk with your health care team when deciding the best nutrition plan for you. But most people can get the healthy nutrients they need from a well-rounded diet of nutrient-rich fruits and vegetables, lean proteins, and whole grains--such as those recommended in the US Dietary Guidelines. Some people with deficiencies, certain diseases and conditions, or with evolving nutritional needs at different stages of life, may consider dietary supplements to add missing nutrition to their diets. Supplements include vitamins, minerals, herbals and botanicals, amino acids, enzymes, and bioactives. You may be one of the many adults that takes a dietary supplement of some kind, but do you know enough about what is safe and what you can trust? Too often what's popular one day, seems to make headlines the next for being unsafe. The Food and Drug Administration that regulates the safety and effectiveness of drugs and medical devices, also regulates dietary supplements. But supplements are not regulated as strictly as drugs, because they have been considered to be more like food than drugs. For example, companies don't need to get approval before producing or selling their supplements and don't have to provide evidence to support their claims about the produce before marketing them. There are many safe dietary supplement options out there that can help keep you healthy, and even improve your health, but there are others that may not be safe for you. This makes being an informed consumer important. When choosing a supplement talk to your health care team about all the prescription and OTC medications you are taking, AND all of the supplements. They can advise you on their safety, as well as how they might interact with your medications. Avoid mega-doses of supplements, which may be more than your body needs, and even cause you harm. Keep in mind that the term natural doesn't always mean safe. And watch out for claims that seem too good to be true. When searching for information on-line, turn to trusted sources. Look for authors who are academics, experts in the field, government agency employees, and well-respected members of the medical community. Also look to see if the claims come from studies that have been reviewed by other experts in the field. If you still have questions, ask someone from your health care team, or visit the Office of Dietary Supplements at the National Institutes of Health. To learn more about what scientists are discovering about the role of nutrition in cardiovascular health, watch Heart Healthy Aging with Nutrition at www.agingresearch.org/nutrition.

- The Best Diet for Healthy Aging (Updated): Kind: captions Language: en Aging -- that's the subject of my upcoming book, "How Not to Age." This video will give you just a taste of the body of evidence I'll be covering in the book. Check it out. "The Best Diet for Healthy Aging" Based on a study of more than 400,000 people, replacing just 3% of calories of animal protein with plant protein was associated with a 10% reduction in overall mortality risk. That comes out to be about an extra year of life, swapping out just 3% of any animal protein with plant protein. And egg protein was the worst, mostly found in the egg whites. Swapping 3% of calories of egg protein for plant protein was associated with more than a 20% reduction in overall mortality, worse than red meat. But it's not just about adding years to your life, but life to your years. What about changes in dietary intake of animal versus vegetable protein and unhealthy aging? Healthy aging is defined as "the process of developing and maintaining the functional ability that enables wellbeing in older age." No one wants to just be a vegetable, and you may be able to avoid that by eating more vegetables. A higher intake of vegetable protein was associated with less accumulation of deficits, based on functional impairments, self-reported health and vitality, mental health and diseases, and the use of health services. Swapping in just 1% of vegetable protein calories for animal protein led to significantly less deficit accumulation. Now you may be thinking, duh, animal protein and animal fat travel alongside each other in the same foods, so maybe this is all just a saturated fat effect. But no, even after accounting for fat, there still seemed to be something about the animal versus plant protein sources, though it's still not clear if the beneficial health effects are because of the avoidance of deleterious effects associated with animal foods or the beneficial effects of plants, though it may be a bit of both. A recent review in a dermatology journal on the role of a whole-food, plant-based diet in preventing and reversing skin aging emphasized this point. A whole-food, plant-based diet is not the same thing as just a vegan diet. You can have a terribly unhealthy vegan diet. As a physician, "vegan" just tells me what you don't eat, but you actually have to like to eat your vegetables, too. But when you do, a whole-food, plant-based diet can aid in the prevention, and in some cases reversal, of some of the leading chronic diseases in the United States as well as the potential for younger-looking skin due to telomere lengthening, maximizing the antioxidant potential of our cells, and also eliminating harmful carcinogens and aging toxins, known as gerontotoxins, from entering our bloodstream. No wonder the highest life expectancy of any formally described population in the world may be the Adventist vegetarians in Loma Linda, California, one of the five original "blue zones" in the world. The average life expectancy of Adventist vegetarian men and women is into their 80's, about 6 to 10 years longer than the general population in California, with vegetarian, exercising, nut eating, lower weight, never smokers living about 9 to 11 years longer than those lacking those qualities. So that's like 10 years of life up for grabs. Now, substantial gains in life expectancy would only be worthwhile if they were also accompanied by a longer period of good quality life. Although overall well-being has not been measured directly, vegetarian Adventists have been recorded taking fewer medications, and logging fewer overnight hospital stays and surgical procedures and x-ray examinations, and the reduced prevalence of several chronic diseases alone would presumably make life likely more worth living. The most feared disease associated with getting older is likely Alzheimer's disease. Dementia is one of our fastest growing epidemics, affecting 1 in 10 individuals older than 65 years of age and half of all individuals older than 85. Alzheimer's is the main type, and indeed the most feared. So when we're talking about "Plant-Based Diets for Healthy Aging," particularly intriguing is emerging evidence that diet plays a major role in the prevention of age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. It has been shown that a diet rich in fruits, grains, beans, vegetables, nuts, and seeds may cut the risk of Alzheimer's disease by more than a half. This is the study they're talking about, the so-called MIND diet, which emphasizes natural plant foods, including specifically berries, the healthiest fruits, and greens, the healthiest vegetables, while limiting the intakes of animal and high saturated fat foods like meat and dairy. Stricter adherence to the MIND diet was associated with a 53% reduction in risk for Alzheimer's disease. In fact, even moderate adherence appeared to cut risk by a third. Overall, participants who showed high adherence to the diet had cognitive functioning equivalent to a person who was 7.5 years younger. No wonder people who ate meat, including poultry and fish, were more than twice as likely to become demented as their vegetarian counterparts, and we're talking three times the risk when past meat consumption was taken into account. This may be because plant-based diets are known to preserve body tissues from both oxidative stress and inflammation, hallmarks of these kinds of degenerative diseases. That may be why berries are so protective, since they're so rich in antioxidants, and in terms of inflammation those who avoid meat display a higher abundance of anti-inflammatory compounds flowing through their systems and lower levels of pro-inflammatory indicators like C-reactive protein. Dietary factors also influence the effect of stress on cognitive decline. Diets characterized by high intake of animal proteins, saturated fats, and added sugars, along with low intakes of plant-based foods, can increase secretion of corticosteroids, stress hormones like cortisol from the adrenal glands, which may promote the development of Alzheimer's disease. Then there are the gerontotoxins, the aging toxins like AGEs, advanced glycation end-products, in our diet that may be a factor in the development of Alzheimer's. Safe foods, foods that contain low AGE content, include starches like whole grains, beans, fruits, and vegetables, whereas the worst sources in the diet are broiled, grilled, fried, or roasted meats. The cooking process is important. Chicken breast has an AGE content of 1,000 units when boiled in water, like chicken soup or something, but that same chicken breast jumps up to 9,000 when broiled. Here s a list of the top 40 most AGE-contaminated foods tested in terms of AGEs per serving. As you can see it's almost all meat: chicken, bacon, hot dogs, and on down the list. I tell people to choose raw nuts and seeds to avoid AGEs, but even roasted, toasted nuts don't come close to making the list. Now, of course, it's not just diet. We need to get adequate sleep, rest, and physical activity. For example, daily brisk walks were associated with a 40% lower risk of developing Alzheimer's later in life, and smoking may double your risk of developing dementia. But in terms of preventing Alzheimer's with diet, the key takeaways are the following: reduce added sugars, saturated fat, animal products, and processed foods in general, while eating more plants, especially greens and beans, fruit, especially berries, and reduce added salt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AvaC12342 [325 likes]: Wasn’t expecting much when I ordered from Noravele. Just wanted something that didn’t overpromise. A few weeks later, skin tone looked clearer, and that tired look finally faded. Quiet results, but exactly what I needed.
  2. @dinhgiakienofficial [5 likes]: 2:25 I am very impressed with this share, thank you very much for the video
  3. @JimMork [5 likes]: Dr. G. The case you and other with the same perspective have made is convincing. But tonight I wondered: If maybe 50 percent went plant-based, can the global ag system produce the plants? Oh, I'm sure Big Ag will go after some newly popular foods. But will it be enough? My own conventional doctor asked if I could afford to eat healthy. But my collected insurance for this doctor's services is a lot. So my thought was "either pay here or pay there."
  4. @PeakLongevity-k1n [4 likes]: This update is a great reminder that hydration and portion control are just as important as the types of food we eat. Staying mindful of these details can make a big difference in how we age
  5. @rpolee9035 [3 likes]: Yeah says the man with the bad eyes and no muscles eat you re greens and you be just like me a tiny little man with no muscle at all.
You wanna be a tiny little man be like me and fade away in the wind😂😂😂😂
  6. @gm7304 [3 likes]: My name is Greg this dude has taught me so much I'm a Greger jr
  7. @JovieBulawan [2 likes]: Have you noticed it's always young people telling you how to stop aging?? Like they would know. Get someone a hundred and ten o tell me how it's done
  8. @dopaminewizard7133 [2 likes]: Just adding that fish wasn't on the AGEs lists. So, it's still a valid meat option; as many researches already stated the obvious, that fish is the healthier type of meat, and not only because AGEs.
  9. @TheOrdener [1 likes]: This is more propaganda than information. How were these studies done? What are the causal mechanisms responsible for the results of the studies? Do you just assume your audience is too stupid or too uninterested to understand these things?
  10. @gm7304: I'm Back! Greger Jr. is going on 6 years whole foods now.   6 YEARS! Dr. Greger!
  11. @AbdulsatalAimawal: 😅😅😅😅😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  12. @HealthyEveryDay-22: Love
  13. @ianlewis2813: Eat fresh, keep away from sugar and cooking oil…
Eat natural food, eat butter and cook in lard, use  real meat…do exercise.
  14. @zakariyaibrahim5439: What about how not vet bald😂
  15. @WeCelebrateEatingPlants: 🥦❤
  16. @peteroffpist1621: A special thanks to Ancel Keys that’s the man that discovered it all. These zones all did grow and eat a lot of vegetables and fruits, the Sahara or Greenlanders will get deficiencies in nutrients. Read Keys book from the Blue Zones, 7 county’s study. Ancel him self lived too 100.
So many try to steal this work from Keys
  17. @LorenceGray: 적절한 신체활동과 충분한 수면이 필요
  18. @bobomonkey702: This guy looks like he’s sick and dying of cancer, but yet he puts a book out on how not to die 😂. People wake up you were in a vegan cult, but you just don’t realize it.
  19. @youbeever: @awesomelife3710 Care to explain how exactly food such as eggs, butter etc "CAUSE" "artery-clogging" from a biochemical and mechanistic approach? According to you, what is the mechanism through which atherosclerotic plaque forms? I am not asking about what "research publications" are saying. Research papers do not constitute "science" as they can be corrupted just as easily as politicians due to conflict of interest. They can be part of the scientific conversation for sure but must also correlate to a high degree with known hard science that have stood the test of time. 

There are no publications (unbiased RCT's) to date that can demonstrate "cause and effect" with regards to what you mentioned. The lipid hypothesis established since the 7 countries study (actually 22 but that's another conversation) is just that, a HYPOTHESIS. It never could demonstrate "cause and effect" and yet it was adopted as such by the mainstream "healthcare" system. 

So, without purely relying on biased "studies", what would be the scientific mechanism that can unequivocally explain how animal-based food including saturated fat "cause" disease such as cancer and CVD?
  20. @MrBigCheeseDude: Recommendation for future videos. Nutrition and testosterone levels. Nutrition and mental health - I’m aware there are some videos already. Great channel I find nutrition fascinating and practical because in the west we have a lot of control in our choice of what to eat and impact our life and others (cooking, grocery hauls) for the better.

- Food for Thought: The Role of Nutrition in Healthy Aging: Kind: captions Language: en The way we eat throughout our lives impacts&nbsp; the way we age. Science has proven that a&nbsp;&nbsp; well-balanced and varied diet full of nutritious&nbsp; foods like fruits and veggies, whole grains,&nbsp;&nbsp; legumes, nuts, and lean proteins; and limited&nbsp; in sugar, salt, saturated or solid fats,&nbsp;&nbsp; and alcoholic beverages, is critical to good&nbsp; health. A healthy diet can help maintain a&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy weight, lower blood pressure,&nbsp; maintain healthy blood sugar control,&nbsp;&nbsp; manage arthritis, reduce the risk of cancer,&nbsp; reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease,&nbsp;&nbsp; prevent and slow the progression of eye disease,&nbsp; keep bones and muscles strong, and help maintain&nbsp;&nbsp; brain health. This means we all have the power&nbsp; to maximize and improve our health, add vitality&nbsp;&nbsp; to our years, reduce the risk of disease, and&nbsp; increase our healthspans--the number of years&nbsp;&nbsp; we live in good health. And research shows that&nbsp; it's never too late to make improvements, but it&nbsp;&nbsp; is important to understand that our nutritional&nbsp; needs do change with age. Older adults typically&nbsp;&nbsp; need fewer calories but more protein, calcium,&nbsp; fiber, and certain vitamins and minerals; are more&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to experience changes to taste, chewing,&nbsp; and swallowing; have more medical conditions and&nbsp;&nbsp; take more medications that can impact appetite or&nbsp; require changes to diet and interact with alcohol;&nbsp;&nbsp; may be more frail, have decrease mobility, and&nbsp; need help with shopping and preparing meals;&nbsp;&nbsp; may experience a decline in their sense&nbsp; of thirst and face bladder issues;&nbsp;&nbsp; are more likely to experience social isolation&nbsp; which can impact appetite; and may have a&nbsp;&nbsp; decreased ability to absorb and use nutrients&nbsp; with age. We must all pay attention to these&nbsp;&nbsp; changes since nutrition is critical in maintaining&nbsp; not only our health, but our independence as we&nbsp;&nbsp; age. It's also important to note that we have an&nbsp; epidemic of overweight and obese older adults,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many of them are not getting the nutrition&nbsp; they need. Wihtout proper nutrition our bodies&nbsp;&nbsp; can't stay healthy, fight off disease, or&nbsp; deal with illnesses that we already have.&nbsp;&nbsp; Poor nutrition weakens our immune systems&nbsp; and leaves us vulnerable to infections,&nbsp;&nbsp; and slower recovery and wound healing. It also&nbsp; causes unhealthy weight changes and muscle loss&nbsp;&nbsp; that can lead to frailty, falls, broken&nbsp; bones, disability, loss of independence,&nbsp;&nbsp; and disease complications. It can also lead&nbsp; to nutrition-related diseases and conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Malnutrition is a consequence of not&nbsp; getting the right nutrition and calories,&nbsp;&nbsp; and becomes more common with age. It can happen&nbsp; to anyone. Even those who are overweight or obese,&nbsp;&nbsp; can be malnourished, and it doesn't just happen&nbsp; to those that suffer from hunger or who don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; access to healthy food. Malnutrition can lead&nbsp; to loss of weight and muscle, frailty, falls,&nbsp;&nbsp; infection, and delayed healing of broken bones.&nbsp; Sarcopenia is the progressive loss of skeletal&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle mass and function caused by changes in the&nbsp; body, including our ability to convert protein&nbsp;&nbsp; into muscle. It's a serious condition that causes&nbsp; increased disability, hospitalizations, need for&nbsp;&nbsp; long-term care, and even death. Osteoporosis&nbsp; causes bones to become weak and brittle,&nbsp;&nbsp; leading to falls and fractures. While it&nbsp; can be caused by diseases and medications,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can also be a result of eating disorders&nbsp; or getting too little calcium and Vitamin D.&nbsp;&nbsp; The latest dietary guidelines from the U.S.&nbsp; Department of Agriculture address nutrition&nbsp;&nbsp; at various life stages, and provide important&nbsp; recommendations on achieving a well-rounded diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; The guidelines emphasize that the foods and&nbsp; beverages we consume have a profound impact on&nbsp;&nbsp; our health, now and in the years to come. But most&nbsp; Americans don't follow a healthy dietary pattern.&nbsp;&nbsp; They also highlight the fact that our nutrition&nbsp; decisions add up, bite by bite, and are important&nbsp;&nbsp; at every age. In addition to following&nbsp; the overall guidelines for a healthy diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; as we reach 65 years and older we should&nbsp; get our recommended daily calories,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure we are getting enough lean protein,&nbsp; avoid alcoholic beverages or drink in moderation,&nbsp;&nbsp; drink enough fluid to stay hydrated--avoiding&nbsp; sodas and sweetened beverages, and talk to our&nbsp;&nbsp; healthcare providers about nutrition supplements.&nbsp; Not everyone can meet their nutrient needs through&nbsp;&nbsp; food alone, and fortified foods or nutrient-dense&nbsp; supplements may be necessary to get enough&nbsp;&nbsp; protein, B12, calcium, fiber, and other vitamins&nbsp; and minerals. Keep in mind that one size does not&nbsp;&nbsp; fit all when it comes to a healthy diet. Everyone&nbsp; should customize the recommendations to fit their&nbsp;&nbsp; personal preferences, cultural traditions, and&nbsp; budget considerations. While the benefits of a&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy diet are clear, the harsh reality is that&nbsp; getting healthy foods on our plates, depends on&nbsp;&nbsp; our access to healthy and affordable food. This&nbsp; access is impacted by our incomes, and by where&nbsp;&nbsp; we live, learn, work, and play. Each year around&nbsp; 7% of older Americans experience food insecurity&nbsp;&nbsp; and struggle to put healthy food on their plates.&nbsp; Others live in food deserts--areas where healthy&nbsp;&nbsp; food is hard to find and people have to turn to&nbsp; convenience stores and gas stations for meals.&nbsp;&nbsp; And even when it's available, healthier foods can&nbsp; cost nearly twice as much as unhealthier options.&nbsp;&nbsp; Older adults who need help can turn to the&nbsp; USDA's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program,&nbsp;&nbsp; Meals on Wheels, local senior centers, and&nbsp; other community-based nutrition programs&nbsp;&nbsp; that can help them get healthy food on their&nbsp; plates. These are often life-saving programs&nbsp;&nbsp; that are an undeniable part of keeping Americans&nbsp; healthy. 2020 marked the start of the World Health&nbsp;&nbsp; Organization's Decade of Healthy Aging, an&nbsp; opportunity for all of us to focus on the&nbsp;&nbsp; role nutrition plays in our lives. Remember,&nbsp; it's never too late to make improvements.

- Protein, Metabolism & Aging: Nutrition Tips for Longevity: Kind: captions Language: en Well, hello there everyone. I'm Dr. Leslie Kernisan, board certified geriatrician and the founder of betterhealthwhileaging.net and this is the Better Health While Aging video podcast where we discuss common health problems that affect people over age 60 and the best ways to prevent and manage those problems. We also often address common concerns and dilemmas that come up with aging parents and other older loved ones, like what to do if you're worried about falls or safety or memory or even the quality of an older person's healthcare. In today's episode, I am going to talk about nutrition and aging. This is something that I'm often asked about. What should an older person be eating? What is the best diet for healthy aging? And so if you have been wondering what should I eat for better aging, this episode is for you. So I'm going to talk to you a little bit about my philosophy about nutrition and diet when it comes to older adults and maintaining health and well being. And then I'm also going to talk about some nutritional issues that come up in geriatrics, especially when it comes to frailer older adults, such as dealing with weakness or fatigue or unintended weight loss or even sarcopenia, which is a really common syndrome of age related muscle loss. It's what makes frail older adults often seem very weak and can affect their mobility. So that's what I'll be talking about in today's episode. And I wanted to cover this because nutrition is important and I think it's really easy to get confused. It gets covered quite a lot in the media. It's a very popular topic with the public and I think it's really easy to get in a way, sort of conflicting signals or it's easy to just hear all kinds of things and you may be wondering what to believe or what's really true. So things you may have heard include things like a Mediterranean diet is the best one, lots of protein is important as you get older, berries are good for you, you should avoid sugar, you should avoid gluten, A low carb diet is better, a low salt diet is better, or maybe a low fat diet is better. But then again, there'll be those who say the amount of fat in your diet doesn't matter. So given all these different messages, what you know, what should you believe? What's important to know? And I'm going to tell you my philosophy. But I want to start off by saying that part of the reason why I think it's so easy to get confused is that nutrition science is particularly challenging to study. And a lot of it has been done, a lot of it has been published, but it's hard to get definitive answers. And some of the most important reasons include that, first of all, the vast majority of the studies that are published, what you hear about in the news, are based on what is called observational epidemiology. So they. They will basically, you know, ask people, what are you eating? And then gather data over how their health outcomes change over time and then draw conclusions about how their nutrition may have contributed to that. And those studies are useful and important, and even though they do their best to kind of account for different variables that account for why different people are eating different things. So, for instance, it might be that somebody who's healthier in general chooses to eat a lot of vegetables. And so then when they have better health outcomes, know, five years later, is it the vegetables or just that they were healthier in the first place? And, of course, the researchers do try to account for this statistically, but it's. It's very hard to do it perfectly. So really, what's better, as far as studies go, are randomized control trials. But those are actually hard to do when it comes to food. It's. It's one thing to randomize people and give them, a medicine, a pill, and get them to all take it, but, you know, an actual diet or way of eating is much harder to randomize people to. It's expensive. And so we have relatively few randomized trials of large enough size to draw conclusions. Lastly, I think this is challenging because food is in itself a complicated substance, right? Not only do we have lots of different foods, but a certain type of food, whether it's a vegetable or animal product, might be nutritionally different, depending on where it was grown or if it's an animal, what the animal was fed. And that might affect our health differently. And the different foods are going to interact with each other, and then they're going to interact with our bodies, which are complicated mechanisms. Our bodies are all different from each other as well. So I think that's part of why it can be hard to really definitively sort out with nutrition science, how people should eat or which foods are better. That said, I want to share two scientific facts that I think are important to highlight before I go into what I encourage older adults, how I encourage them to eat, and why. So the first is that it has been definitely proven that different people's bodies respond differently to the same nutritional input. So we have lots of examples of this where they've Taken a sort of, standardized meals, either one or a series of meals, and fed them to different people and seen that the way people's bodies respond in terms of glucose response and other response can be extremely variable. So that's important to know that people might have different blood sugar curves or fat metabolism curves after eating the same thing. And that means, why is this? First of all, it's undoubtedly because we have different genetics and also importantly, epigenetics. Epigenetics means the way in which your different genes are activated or not activated by environmental factors, which can certainly include the foods that you are eating, along with other things, the exercise you're getting, other aspects of life that are influencing your body. People also respond differently because we have different microbiomes. So we know now that each of us carries this whole ecosystem of bacteria in our gut, and that that's an extremely powerful factor in how we respond to foods and how those foods affect our bodies and the rest of our health. Also, what we eat ends up influencing the composition of that microbiome as well. I'll talk just a little bit more about it briefly, but in general, a more diverse microbiome seems to be better, as far as we can tell. And then people, of course, have different ongoing health states, so they. They may have different ongoing chronic conditions. Your body composition probably makes a difference as well. The amount of fat, what kind of fat you have, the amount of muscle, what condition that muscle is in, will also affect how you metabolize different foods and respond to different foods and then just your state of being in a given day. We know that people might metabolize carbohydrates and glucose differently depending on how much they slept the night before when they last exercised. So it's. It's really a sort of, complicated thing to figure out how people will respond. And I think ultimately what we need to know is different people will respond differently. So if you are looking for, what is the right, how should you be eating? It's partly a question of figuring out what are the things that work well for your body. And we will talk more about that in a moment. But what this means is different people have different health responses to the same diet. So anybody who tells you this is the best diet for everyone is almost certainly going to be wrong. Diet is probably something that does need a certain amount of personalization. So another scientific fact to share as well is that what we don't have a lot of randomized trials of foods and diets, but what has been shown at least a few times is that foods and diets associated with better health do not always improve outcomes in randomized trials. This is actually has been true of certain vitamins and supplements as well. And so in recent years there was a sort of significant trial of this type that came out which was the trial of the MIND Diet. So the MIND Diet stands for Mediterranean DASH Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay. The DASH diet was developed quite a while back, dietary approaches to stopping hypertension and did you know, lower blood pressure in many people. The Mediterranean diet has also been studied actually, interestingly also in a randomized trial predimed which was done in Spain quite a while back. Although there they didn't. They gave people guidelines on how to eat. And the people who are randomized to the Mediterranean more Pred Med diet were given extra olive oil and extra nuts was the approach there. And, and did have actually a little bit better outcomes. But for quite a while it looked like people who ate something that was described as the MIND diet had better cognitive outcomes. So there was a lot of interest in this. But they finally randomized people and followed them for, for three years. But it failed to improve cognitive outcomes. And this was done in older adults who I believe were overweight and had at least like one risk factor for cognitive decline as well. So people who are already at higher risk now, does that mean it's a bad idea to eat the MIND Diet? You know, no, it's just an example of how when we actually try things in a randomized setting, they often are not working as well as we would have hoped based on the observational studies. So given all this, let me share with you my overall view and philosophy on what is a nutritious diet for older adults or really for people of any age. Rather than focusing on what exactly is or isn't in the diet, I think it's good to focus on some sort of intermediate outcomes that we know are really good for people's health in general that tend to slow down aging related declines and tend to counter chronic illnesses. So a healthy nutritious diet is one that is going to achieve the following for you. it should keep your glucose, inflammation and weight in good control. When we look at the multiple chronic diseases, whether it is Alzheimer's or, heart disease or other forms of diseases, we see a couple common pathways that tend to exacerbate the conditions for the cells and organs and lead to these diseases. And one is poor glucose metabolism, glucose being very high or very erratic, insulin levels Being very high, that tends to generate stressors on the body that dysregulates cells and organs, can lead, to diabetes, is also linked to developing a variety of other chronic, chronic conditions and then inflammation. Inflammation is also a common pathway in the development or progression of many chronic diseases. So a healthy nutritionist diet is one in which your body maintains pretty good control of its glucose, pretty good control of inflammation, and then pretty good control of weight. Because we know that for many chronic conditions, being especially very overweight is associated with a higher risk of developing the chronic condition or of having it progress. A healthy nutritious diet is one that keeps you metabolically healthy. So that's again, related to that, especially to that glucose metabolism, also to fat metabolism. And I'm gonna talk a little bit more in a moment about what specifically it means to be metabolically healthier. How, how we can know it's things that are actually like, pretty straightforward, usually to sort out with your primary care provider. A healthy, nutritious diet should also foster a healthy, diverse microbiome in your gut. The general trend of the research on the gut microbiome and associations with health is that people in better health tend to have more diverse microbiomes. Now, if you make it more diverse, does that lead to better health? You know, that's the kind of causation that is still being sorted out. But there's a lot of reason to believe that more diversity is better. And so a nutritious diet helps foster that diversity generally through offering a lot of vegetables. And fiber is usually the foundation of that. And then a healthy nutritious diet will also provide you with a variety of nutrients that your cells and that healthier gut microbiomes, the healthier gut microbiome needs. And it should minimize your consumption of toxins. And I'll talk in a moment of what are the toxins that I think are worth looking out for. Lastly, if you have a chronic health condition, then a good diet for you helps you reverse or at least mitigate and manage that health condition. So again, if you have diabetes, which is associated with higher glucose levels, most of those people do have to, be careful about their intake of carbohydrates and kind of monitor how their body is managing that glucose load. If you have heart failure, many of those people are especially sensitive to salt. And so then, a better diet for them might be one that avoids really high levels of salt and maybe is even, more aggressively low salt. So given that, how do you actually Eat a healthy, nutritious diet. ultimately, I would say your goal should be to find out what works for your body to keep glucose, inflammation and weight under control. So for most people in the United States, most people in the United States, the majority are tending towards being a little overweight rather than underweight. We have an abundance of calories available to us. So for, for most people, it's going to be not too, too many calories. And these are the general principles that I think work well for most people. More vegetables, greens, fiber, fruits, beans, lentils. These support a healthier microbiome, your gut bacteria. Now, some people are sensitive to some of these foods. They get a lot of, bloating or, or other distress. If that's you, then you're gonna need to eat less of that, that type of food. But in general, more vegetables and fiber and a diversity really seems to be help the body maintain its glucose and inflammation levels under control and then minimizing added sugars. Fast food, trans fat, and processed foods. These are foods that, that often, in small quantities to moderate quantities, especially if you're eating them in conjunction with lots of vegetables, are probably not that bad. But in the United States, a lot of people are consuming quite a lot of these substances and they do not seem to be good for the body. They could even potentially be described as, toxins by, by some people, you may potentially want to be careful about a high sodium intake, especially if you have high blood pressure. Now, for many people, a lot of the sodium that they are getting comes from these processed foods, ultra processed foods. Anything, you know, that's been really industrially packaged in the store often has relatively high sodium levels. So for some people, just cutting out processed food might be enough to avoid a very high sodium intake. And then some people, especially if there are signs that they are having some difficulty managing blood sugar. And I will talk more about what that looks like because we can see some signs that people aren't great at managing blood sugar well before they have diabetes, even before they have pre diabetes. I mean, in a moment, I will show you my own curve of how I manage sugar. For a person of my age and size, I am not great at managing sugar turns up. That's what I learned at one point when, when I did this assessment. So potentially for some people, it's really worth it to be careful with simple starches, refined flowers, most sweets, if their blood work suggests problems managing their sugar. Another thing to be careful about is alcohol. So the, the thinking has really shifted on Alcohol over the past several years, you know, for a long time, it sort of seemed that, a moderate amount in those observational studies was associated with living longer, was part of the Mediterranean diet. Now it increasingly seems that one, there might be a little bit of a healthy participant bias, but I think also that alcohol, especially in these Mediterranean countries, is associated with socializing, with leisurely meals, with relaxation. So for quite a while, we thought, moderate amounts might even be good for you. But now it seems more and more that alcohol is essentially not good for health, is somewhat harmful. Now, in, light to moderate amounts, is it super significant? We're not sure. But the surgeon general did recently come out with a warning to let people know that it was linked to certain forms of cancer. And alcohol definitely can worsen heart health, especially for people who have atrial fibrillation or who have heart failure. I have some videos on that, actually, a very good video with cardiologist Dr. Cara Pellegrini about atrial fibrillation. And she, was explaining how they've really come to realize that in cardiology that often cutting back on alcohol can significantly improve the way people's hearts function. So potentially being careful with alcohol is part of a healthy, nutritious diet as well. And then you want to check and see how your body responds to saturated animal fats, because we know that having a high level of certain harmful forms of cholesterol is not good for the body. And for some people, eating saturated fats really raises that up. And other people are better able to metabolize fats. So potentially being careful about saturated animal fats is worthwhile as. As well. Lastly, some people really do seem to feel better off of dairy, gluten, or other types of food. And I've had a number of older adults tell me that they're, you know, they're arthritis and their joints actually feel better when they cut out some of those foods that seem to generate some inflammation or irritation in them. So if you notice that, pay attention to your body. Now, what about, are there any particular foods that are especially nutritious? These are foods that may be especially beneficial. They often have turned up in observational studies as associated with better outcomes. These include nuts and seeds, especially flaxseed, foods with polyphenols, such as olive oil and berries, cocoa and tea, especially green tea. They have antioxidant compounds. Seafood, especially oily fish, high in omega 3 fatty acids. Fermented foods, that effect might be mostly on the microbiome, but fermented Foods seem often associated with some better health outcomes. Healthy fats such as olive oil and then having enough protein. And I'm going to talk more about protein in a moment because that also has been highly debated when it comes to older adults. So those are some foods that may be especially beneficial. But I think ultimately what's most important is probably to minimize, quote, bad foods that tend to cause inflammation or are otherwise triggering harmful effects in the body. That's probably more important than making sure that you get any one specific healthy food, such as, like, the berries or the walnuts. So I would encourage any older adult or adult of any age really to really be cautious about how much ultra processed foods, sugar, alcohol, junk food you're consuming if you're otherwise in good health, especially if it looks like your glucose, inflammatory levels and the rest. I think these are things that can be eaten, occasionally in moderation. But we know that in the United States there are quite a lot of people for whom this is a quite substantial part of their diet, and that is probably harmful. And then, instead of getting too much into, like, which specific foods should you eat, generally eating a large, diverse quantity of vegetables and other minimally processed plant foods seems to be good for you. So this will provide fiber, it'll provide a variety of nutrients, of antioxidants, and then eating enough protein to support your muscle mass. It's actually really good. Really important as we get older to proactively try to build and maintain muscle mass through strength training. I have a whole video that's about how to exercise as you get older and the importance of exercise and specifically of strength training. So do you need massive amounts of protein? Probably not, but you do want to be eating enough protein to support An added advantage of eating protein is that for many people, it's actually filling. Because part of eating nutritiously and also not eating too many calories is to figure out what leaves you feeling pleasantly full and how to avoid sort of feeling in this, like, hungry cycle, which sometimes I think for some people can be sparked by a lot of simple carb kinds of foods that tend to spike people's blood sugar. And in general, you want to try to be metabolically healthy. So what does it mean to be metabolically healthy? What are we doctors talking about? So this refers, roughly to how well your body manages glucose and lipids. Lipids means fats in your bloodstream, organs and cells. So we start off becoming especially aware of this when it came to cardiovascular disease. People who often have, high levels of certain kinds of cholesterol, especially the LDL cholesterol, and there are other subtypes, would tend to build up plaques in their blood vessels. And that ends up having significant implications for the heart and also for the brain, because your brain has blood vessels as well. And they also saw that people who often had high glucose diabetics would have even worse cardiovascular disease because the elevated glucose and what it triggers in the body also acts as an irritant that ends up inflaming blood vessels and otherwise harming other organs. It's not just the blood vessels. It's the liver and other parts of the body as well. So generally, when we're talking about metabolically healthy, that is what we're referring to. How well does your body manage glucose and lipids? Because worse management is associated with inflammation. That plaque that people get in their blood vessels that then affects their heart or can cause stroke, is a result of inflammation in the lining of the blood vessels. Being metabolically unhealthy is associated with high blood pressure, higher glucose, which can lead to diabetes. And, you know, what we call atherosclerosis, which is, again, that process of buildup on the blood vessels in the body. And that's just, a small sample of the. The effects. Metabolically healthy is also sometimes defined as, absence of the components of metabolic syndrome. So a while back, doctors decided to identify something that they called metabolic syndrome. It was a sort of combination of problem signs that they were seeing in a lot of adults. And the signs were abdominal obesity. So having an increased waist circumference. So those are people who are carrying weight, especially in their belly. Belly fat is generally worse for the health than fat that might be carried elsewhere in the body. Like for women, in their hips or thighs, they often had high triglycerides. That's a type of fat in the bloodstream, and low HDL cholesterol. HDL cholesterol is the good type of cholesterol. They often had high blood pressure above a systolic. That's the top number of 130 and diastolic of 85. And their fasting blood glucose was often over 100. So, and for reference, a fasting blood glucose over 126 is what used to be considered diagnostic for diabetes. So a hundred is nowhere near the level of diabetes. But, you know, many of these people had it higher than a hundred. And that was also kind of associated with, they were kind of like trending towards pre diabetes. So that was metabolic syndrome. The less of those you have, that would be one way to consider yourself more metabolically healthy. So a question that I think is important to consider as you're thinking about your health, healthy aging, what you should eat is, do you know how is your own metabolic health? Because research shows that metabolic syndrome and obesity become much more common as we age. Now there's a lot of overlap between obesity and metabolic syndrome, but you can be obese and otherwise not have any of characteristics of metabolic syndrome, or you can be normal weight and have many of those signs that, that were listed. So national surveys of people's health, they do these, these big surveys. They don't just ask people how's your health? They actually will take a lot of tests of thousands of thousands of people. And what those studies have found is that at least 50% of Americans over age 60 meet criteria for metabolic syndrome. the older people get, the more of them are falling into that, into that syndrome. Because people do often tend to first of all gain weight and become more sedentary as they get older. And also as we age, our metabolism otherwise changes and it's often not in our favor when it comes to metabolic health. So this has been attributed to a sedentary lifestyle and also the fact that many people in the United States are eating what is often called the sad, the standard American diet, sad, which is quite high in processed foods and industrially produced foods, in sugar, in sodium, in red meat, and tends to be relatively low in fiber and vegetables. And again, it is associated with obesity. However, it is totally possible to be normal weight and be metabolically unhealthy. So you really want to know how your metabolic health is. Because if you are the more of those signs of metabolic unhealth you are showing, the more important it is to review and revise your diet and also take other steps to try to correct that. Because we know that people who are metabolically unhealthy just tend to have age related problems sooner, tend to develop a variety of chronic illnesses sooner, whether it's cognitive issues, heart health issues, or other issues. So how can you learn more about your metabolic health? I would recommend working with your health provider to ask them to help you assess the following. So for obesity and abdominal obesity, we would assess body mass index and also what is called the waist to hip ratio. So you measure around the waist and then you measure around the hips and a higher waist to hip ratio. So greater than 0.9 for men or 0.85 for women suggests abdominal obesity, which is a risk for heart health and brain health and for metabolic syndrome. For glucose metabolism, you can ask your provider to check your fasting blood glucose. You can also ask for a test that is called hemoglobin A1C. This is a measure that reflects your average blood glucose over the past three months. It's basically as sugar floats around in your blood. It what we call glycosylates, red blood cells. Uh, and so the more sugar you have floating in your blood, the higher the percentage of your red blood cells will be glycosylated. So, you know, a normal level is. I think they usually say the normal level is below. I want to say five, five, but, being closer to five would be great. People who have diabetes are gonna be, above 6.5 and, and higher. So you can ask for your hemoglobin A1C if you wanna go the extra mile on this. I didn't list this on the slide, but you can also ask and see if it's possible to wear a continuous glucose monitor for two weeks. These have become, more readily available. They look like a little disc. They get stuck, often on the back of your arm right here. They connect to your smartphone and they will show you your glucose curve, all the time, for two weeks. And what's great about those is that you can really see what happens when you eat different foods, how much they spike your glucose. Um, you can also see how if you eat a certain carb in combination with a fat or protein, it generally will spike you less. One can learn just lots of interesting things from wearing a glucose monitor for two weeks and then for how you metabolize lipids and fats. You can ask your doctor to, they. They're probably already doing this, checking on your cholesterol, your triglycerides, your hdl, your ldl. There are some additional sort of subsets of lipids that certain specialists, doctors, especially the ones who focus on applied longevity, like to do. the basic cholesterol panel is a good starting point. And then you'll want to have your blood pressure checked as well if your blood pressure is higher. Blood pressure medication works wonderfully well and has been shown in multiple randomized trials to improve outcomes. So that's a type of medication that I, encourage people to, to try and, and consider. So another option, it does cost money, can be useful would be to do a program like Zoe.com and I actually did Zoe myself a few years ago. It's an app that will make nutrition recommendations to you. But what I thought was very interesting about it is that they start off with an assessment where they do an, an initial assessment period where you can wear a glucose monitor. And they will also give you some standardized, muffins to eat at a certain point. And you'll kind of see where your curve of metabolizing the sugar and the cholesterol compares to, to that of other people. So here, let me show you right now. this was my blood sugar curve right here. And these are sort of thousands of other people. And what Zoe told me was that my blood sugar curve was actually not that good. And they recommended that I be careful about glucose management. On the other hand, my fat management was much better than average. My body did a good job managing the fat load that was in the muffins, where there's other people who, retain a very high level of lipids in their blood for hours afterwards. So that's an example of, how we metabolize things differently and how finding out more about how your body responds to things can help guide you when it comes to better eating for aging. I should add that, that I have no financial interest in Zoe, and they did not ask me to mention their, their product in the video. It's just something that I tried myself and I think it's an intriguing idea. And that, that kind of idea, I think can help a lot of people. So how do you improve your metabolic health if it is not optimal and most of us are not optimal? Um, so what you should know is that probably the most important thing that helps is increasing muscle mass through strength training and other forms of exercise. Diet is important as well, but only especially if you're quite sedentary and not exercising. Only changing your diet is only going to take you so far. And the most effective thing is a combination of generally more muscle mass for most people and modifying the diet. So if you're metabolically not optimal, I would encourage more strength training and find out whether your body is struggling to manage glucose lipids, also known as fats, or both. I would recommend reducing ultra processed foods, and then you'll want to experiment to find a dietary approach that feels sustainable for you to maintain and improves your metabolic indicators. So so far we've been talking about the problem that most people face. Uh, so what most people face is, is that generally they're eating more calories than they need, they're often more sedentary. Than they should be. And they're often not entirely metabolically healthy. But there are some older adults who are facing other issues, Specifically malnourishment. So I want to speak briefly to malnourishment, because that is something that we see in geriatrics as it comes up, especially with older adults who are getting to the stage of being very old or very frail. So the risk factors for malnourishment include being frail, being cognitively impaired, if you're having difficulty with memory and thinking, People can become disorganized. They can forget to eat, they're not able to get their groceries or fix up their food. So especially if they live alone, people who are socially isolated are at higher risk for malnourishment. Some older adults are financially limited and are having difficulty affording enough food. And then certain medical conditions can also change your metabolism and actually, like, rev it up abnormally so that it becomes very hard to maintain weight. Cancers can do that. Thyroid problems can do that. And there are a variety of other issues that might also change people's metabolism and essentially cause them to be malnourished. How do we know if somebody is malnourished? So there is an expert consensus statement put out by a dietitian association which says that basically, one should be concerned if there are two or more of these characteristics. The person's not taking in enough calories, they're experiencing unintended weight loss, they're losing muscle mass, they're losing subcutaneous fat. So that's the fat layer under our skin. If they have been accumulating fluid, maybe because they're having heart failure or kidney problems or liver problems, that can sometimes mask weight loss. But accumulating fluid like that also often happens because people can have very low levels of protein in their blood, which is also associated with becoming malnourished, and they can have decreased hand grip strength and functional abilities. So if we're concerned about malnutrition, what should we do? So, first and foremost, any older adult with unexplained weight loss or signs of malnutrition absolutely should have a medical evaluation to identify the underlying causes. And so if you would like to learn more about that, I have an article at Better health while aging about evaluating unexplained weight loss. That will kind of walk you through what doctors are supposed to check and the most common causes. often helping people have a diet that is higher in healthy calories is often part of the management. But we always want to evaluate and understand what's going on because more calories, is often not enough if a big part of the driver is an ongoing medical problem, for instance. And then we also want to think about increased protein if there is frailty or sarcopenia. So let me now talk about frailty and sarcopenia because the is a condition that can improve when we give older adults extra protein, provided it is combined with strength training. Extra protein by itself, it's not clear that it works all that well. So what are frailty and sarcopenia? Frailty is basically defined as an aging related syndrome of physiological decline. Now you may know it when you see it. You've probably seen how older adults at a certain point start to look frail, meaning they look a little bit fragile and they're moving kind of slowly. There's been an effort in geriatrics and in medicine in recent years to really define the syndrome of frailty and identify frail older adults, partly because they tend to do poorly with surgeries and other interventions. And so if somebody has become frail, it's often really a sign that we want to seriously consider modifying the type of healthcare that, that they are getting. An expert. Dr. Fried developed a freed frailty tool a while back with criteria for frailty. And they include weight loss, losing 5% or more of the body weight in the last year, getting exhausted by normal activities, having muscle weakness, which can be assessed in the office, with decreased grip strength, hand grip strength, slow walking speeds such as taking more than six seconds to walk 15ft, and decreased physical activity overall. So three or more of those criteria would qualify people as frail. If they have one or two, they're considered pre frail. And then there's sarcopenia, which is not the same thing, but is often associated with frailty. So sarcopenia refers to generally as we age, we start losing muscle mass, but also our muscle cells become less effective and less strong. And that is a phenomenon that starts to a certain extent when people are in their 40s, but it tends to really accelerate at some point in later life. And so you might see how certain older adults, their, their muscles seem like very small. And often those are people who are struggling to do things like carry their groceries and go up the stairs. And so that is sarcopenia. So in geriatrics there's been more of an effort to identify people who have frailty and sarcopenia. And we're really trying to learn more about how do we prevent these conditions from coming on. And once an older person seems to substantially have them, can we reverse them or what can we do? And so what is the role of nutrition in all this? So can diet prevent frailty or sarcopenia? We don't know. It seems to me that probably not that the most, by far the most important factor for prevention of both frailty and sarcopenia is exercise, especially strength training, which is why I go into depth about strength training in my video on exercising and aging. And the earlier you start, so especially if you can build up more muscle mass when you are in your 50s, 60s, it's never too late to start. You can even start in your 70s, you can even start in your 80s. But the more you build up muscle mass earlier in life, the, in a way, the more of a reserve or cushion you have, so that you can even lose some of it as you get older and still have enough to be doing the activities you want. So exercise is by far most important. And then we don't really know the role of nutrition otherwise. It has been studied, sort of additional protein supplementation for older adults. And if they're not frail, it's not clear that it does all that much. Now, can diet treat frailty or sarcopenia? This has been studied in randomized trials, and they did find that if you actually offer some supplemental protein plus resistance training that can help counter sarcopenia and can help older adults build back strength more effectively, you do have to combine the two. If you just give people extra protein without any exercise or additional exercise, they do not get stronger. So that brings me to the question of protein intake in aging. So this is a topic of a lot of debate and controversy right now. What I would say is that adequate protein is most important for those older adults who are frail or starting to show signs of significant muscle weakness, and that you want to combine that extra protein with strength exercises. The US recommended daily allowance for protein is 0.8 grams of protein per kilogram of body weight. Many experts believe that that is not enough, but it's unclear what the right level should be. I think it's persuasive that older adults probably need a little bit more than, than that amount. That amount seems to be kind of a minimum. Whether they need the level that some experts online are advocating for is unclear. So in frail adults, again, the research has shown more strength gain when you combine resistance training with higher protein intake. So my recommendation for older adults who are frail is to aim for a little higher. I like the level of about, 1.3 grams per kilogram per day, so 0.6 grams per pound per day. a little bit more than a half pound. Uh, you should check with a doctor. If kidney disease is present, you want to eat protein at every meal because your body can only absorb, I think it's about 25 grams of protein per meal. It just can't take in more than that. We also know that actually as older as people get older, they can be less efficient in absorbing the protein. So you want to eat protein at every meal and you can consider a supplement such as whey or another protein supplement. Animal protein is generally easier for the body to absorb and make use of. But if you choose to not consume animal products, which is a totally valid choice, you can manage it with plant protein. You just might have to take in a little bit more of it. So, and then what about protein for older adults who are not frail? I think right now, given the sort of available evidence, if you're not frail, I'm not sure it's worth it to spend a lot of time counting your protein intake and worrying about it too much. I think it is more useful to first focus on getting metabolically healthy, on establishing a strength training routine, and then on doing other things that are good for healthy aging, such as tending to your emotional well being, optimizing other chronic conditions, maintaining social connections, and pursuing other healthy aging strategies. So lastly, a few words about vitamins and supplements, because I get asked about that a lot too. So people sometimes say, well, what vitamin or supplement should I be taking? Well, randomized trials often don't find an effect of various vitamins and supplements on health, whether it's brain health or other aspects of health. Antioxidant vitamins have been studied. Omega 3 vitamin D have especially been studied. So I think it's plausible that supplements can help some people. But you should also know that the quality of commercially available vitamins and supplements is highly variable. And selling health supplements is big, big business. So some of you know the relevant research. There have actually been a number of quite large randomized trials related to vitamins and supplements in the last several years. So notably in 2019, the VITAL trial, vitamin D and omega 3, they took 25,000 healthy older adults. They were mean age 67, randomized them to a higher dose of vitamin D or fish oil capsules, and the supplementation did not result in less cancer or cardiovascular events. There was another study done, I believe this one was in Australia, smaller study where they randomized people to a combination of vitamin D, fish oil, strength training or placebo treat for three years, and that too did not make a difference. Now Physical performance was a very specific physical performance test called the Short Physical Performance Battery. I continue to believe strength training is valuable despite that randomized trial. And then there was a study published Cosmos, where they randomized older adults to get a multivitamin or cocoa. And the daily multivitamin was associated with a little better cognition and memory. It wasn't even a fancy vitamin. I think it was a Centrum Silver. So my take is that generally I don't make any specific recommendations. I do lean towards a daily dose of vitamin D, 800 international units, and of vitamin B12, 1000 micrograms per day, because it's very common for older adults to be deficient in these substances. Now, what about higher levels of vitamin D? I have a whole video about vitamin D because not only has the research shown that higher doses such as 2,000 international units per day or 4,000, are not helpful, but there's even some research suggesting it might actually be harmful and that older adults need vitamin D, but not too much of it. So I'm going with 800 international units right now. And then I think it's reasonable to consider a high quality multivitamin. There's other data on omega 3s. I don't think it's the slam dunk that a lot of people think it is, but that, that, you know, I think that one's reasonable as well. But overall, I think what's most important is to exercise and to eat a reasonably nutritious diet. And a reasonably nutritious diet, is one. It may be more important to avoid sort of things that are bad for the body than it is to get any particular specific things. So my take on nutrition is we, we want to try to avoid bad nutrition, promote better eating, and consider the specifics of each older person. So what chronic conditions does this person have? How is this older person's weight? Are there signs of glucose dysregulation? Are there signs of lipid dysregulation? Might this person be malnourished? Is this person showing signs of frailty or sarcopenia? sarcopenia is that syndrome of progressive muscle loss and weakness. So to recap, there is no particular diet that is best for everyone because everybody's body is different. A good diet for you is one that keeps glucose, inflammation and weight in good control, keeps you metabolically healthy, fosters a healthy, diverse microbiome in your gut, provides you with a variety of nutrients that your body and microbiome need, including fiber, and minimizes your consumption of toxins. So what's likely most important is minimizing, quote unquote bad foods that cause inflammation or are otherwise harmful. And generally those are going to be ultra processed foods. Sugar, alcohol, junk food doesn't mean you can't ever have them. But you know, small to moderate quantities are going to be better. And then what's important is eating large, diverse quantities of vegetables and other minimally processed plant foods that will give you fiber, that will give you all kinds of, like, nutritious compounds that is going to be really good for your microbiome. And then you want to eat enough protein to support strength training and you want to overall try to be metabolically healthy. So I encourage you to find out if you are sensitive to sugar or saturated fats. Older adults with weight loss or other signs of malnourishment should definitely be medically evaluated. They may need the sort of, higher calorie diet. And then frailty and sarcopenia can be improved with a combination of supplemental protein and strength training. But otherwise it's not clear that it's otherwise worth spending a lot of time fine tuning your protein intake. So with that, thank you so much for watching. And if you found this video podcast helpful, if you're here on YouTube, please go ahead and subscribe. It does help more people find the channel. If you have been listening to the audio version on the podcast feed, come and take a look at the video if you get a chance. You'll see my key points being displayed on the screen. So thank you once again and I look forward to seeing you all again on a future episode of the Better Health While Aging video podcast.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BetterHealthWhileAging [3 likes]: Sign up for Better Health While Aging’s newsletter to receive expert, practical health advice from board-certified geriatrician Leslie Kernisan, MD MPH.: https://betterhealthwhileaging.net/for-older-adults/
  2. @Cathy-e1s [1 likes]: I feel badly for nephrologists.  They will be seeing more older people whose kids tell them to load protein, and then find out that they have decreased kidney function.  Giving your grandma double the protein she used to take in and then wondering why she feels worse, not better?  This could be it.
  3. @kathym6603 [1 likes]: Don't forget the 2025 blood test that is called MVX Plus Test available thru LabCorp and explained by Dr. Darren Schmidt of Ann Arbor Michigan.
  4. @vogmog [1 likes]: Dr Leslie kernisan, 1st: thank you, you utube videos are easy for most to understand.  2nd: why are there few Geriatricans my observation on staff at teaching medical ctrs?
  5. @theresatomasello1843 [1 likes]: Thank you for such an excellent, informative video.
  6. @ZawackiGreenbaum [1 likes]: As we get older, understanding the role of protein and metabolism becomes more important than ever. These nutrition tips are a great reminder that what we eat truly shapes how we age. Thank you for sharing this helpful and encouraging information!
  7. @TheSeniors-i8r: As we get older, nutrition becomes even more important. ❤ Have you noticed a difference in your energy or strength after increasing your protein intake?
  8. @esampson2369: I'm really enjoying your advice.  Thank you.
  9. @Aditya-j5b3t: My experience with Planet Ayurveda Trim-o-Trim Capsule has been positive. I enjoy including it in my regular wellness routine.
  10. @NagyPatrik-h5n: “Thank you so much for the encouragement 🙏 What kinds of topics do you enjoy listening to most while gardening or walking?”
  11. @robertyoung1777: I think people get hung up on what they eat and drink while ignoring what they breathe. Woodsmoke, diesel engine pollution, cigarette smoke, industrial chemical pollutants,  chemicals and all sorts of airborne particulate pollutants are known to be damaging to human health. 
Thanks for the practical advice here!
  12. @2010securityful: Join $4.49 us is $6.25 per month
  13. @danadunham1660: Could you please cover chronic kidney disease?
  14. @ghyr_hyatk_bbsata: Good
  15. @ollagardeningwithmichele1144: Do you have information of whether whey protein causes cancer?
  16. @chremis: Enjoyed the Content, thank you. I'm keto/low carb for years, good health biomarkers, ideal weight, plenty of walking over 10k steps per day, need to do more on upper body strength training, so will look out for the other video, great stuff
  17. @borrowpond: Pls review the common powdered packets that are mixed into water bottles for safety concerns.  Main ingredients seem to be citric acid and maltodextrin.  
I'm hooked, esp. on the StarBurst packets.
  18. @LifeWellSeniors: Thanks so much for your helpful information!
  19. @rachelross1249: I improved many health problems by just eating meat! I had to drop the carbs, the nuts, the seeds, the fruits, the veg, the alcohol, etc, etc. Through Dr Westman (Univ. N. Carolina), I resolved my diabetes, IBS, arthritis and so on. Plants are poisonous! Carbs are not "essential". By the way, CAC score 0. No plaque despite an elevated LDL from a high fat, low carb diet. Diabetes has a greater link to atherosclerosis than LDL. Why isn't this way of eating discussed further?
  20. @MarijkeWillemsen990: I think there is a lot of research indicating that older people eat not enough proteins. Seems 1 gram of (natural) protein per kg is a sort of minimum. Eggs have 100% bio availability for proteins, meat some 80% and with vegetable sources lijke beans etc it varies wildly between 60-40% approximately. When consuming amounts of proteins look not only at de the amount in grams but also at the bio availability and completeness of the protein profile.

- Nutrition & Aging | Aging Matters | NPT Reports: Kind: captions Language: en - [Announcer] Coming up on Aging Matters, Nutrition and Aging. (gentle music) - [Patti Henegar] I think am I eating a balanced diet? Am I putting enough food in my body, the right combinations to keep my health and my energy up? - [Dr. Ron Aday] You talk about aging matters, nutrition certainly matters as far as having a healthy lifestyle and being able to continue to pursue one's activities in later life. - [Narrator] Baby boomers are aging with more nutrition related health problems than previous generations, according to America's health rankings. A 55% higher prevalence of diabetes, a 25% higher prevalence of obesity, a 9% lower prevalence of very good or excellent health status. - [Dr. Nadia Pietrzykowska] Stress, individuals work more hours, longer hours. We travel by car, we don't walk as much, we don't have a lot of energy expenditure, and what we eat also matters. There's areas in the United States where it's very hard to find a store with healthy foods. - [Joe Evans] I think people don't realize that we have the need in this country that we have. Your neighbor could be starving and you may not know. - [Ron] They may have food in their cabinets, but they may not be able to prepare it, or they may have money but not be able to get to the grocery store, or walk around the grocery store, or have transportation. - [Man] That's what people want. They want food. Yeah. That liter of Coke, liter of Pepsi, stuff like that goes real quick. One out of every four older adults in our nation have some form of malnutrition. - [Nadia] I have to tell you that you can be overweight and malnourished at the same time. The takeaway here is really that food is medicine, and the perversion of food should be central to provision of healthcare. It should be a routine part of healthcare. Food is just the most basic of needs. Everybody has a right to not be hungry. So it's really scary to be facing this wave of the booming population at this age, and us scrambling to fill that need. - [Announcer] Major funding for NPT Reports' Aging Matters is provided by: the West End Home Foundation, improving the quality of life of seniors through the support of non-profit organizations in Middle, Tennessee; the HCA Foundation, on behalf of TriStar Health; the Jeanette Travis Foundation, dedicated to improving the health and wellbeing of the Middle, Tennessee community; and Cigna-HealthSpring. Additional support provided by Lisle Parham Wealth Management of UBS Financial Services, Incorporated; Jackson National Life Insurance Company; The Community Foundation of Middle, Tennessee; and by member of NPT. Thank you. Of all diseases that can affect how we age, you probably don't think of malnutrition. But researchers say more and more older adults are malnourished, even though they look healthy, or can even be overweight. It's not always because of poor eating habits. As we age, our bodies simply do not process foods and nutrients the same way. Some functions like swallowing and digestion change as we grow older. And medications can affect how nutrients are absorbed by the body. In addition, many older adults face practical challenges to good nutrition. They can't get around easily, or can't afford health foods. Malnutrition, or under nutrition, is now considered a hidden epidemic among older adults in the United States. How do you know if you're malnourished if you can't tell by looking? Can we change our diet to improve our health as we age? What resources are available to help older people get access to quality foods and nutrients. I'm Kathy Mattea. Join my for this addition of Aging Matters, as we learn how to identify who's at risk of malnutrition, and strategies for using food and nutrients to help with healthy aging. (gentle piano music) I believe in nutrition. I try to eat balanced diets. I have had some nutritional issues in the past, so maybe I'm just more attuned to it than some people are. - [Narrator] As she nears age 70, Patti Henegar is focusing more than ever on what she eats and drinks as key to healthy aging. I would say it should be your top priority. The old expression is: Why would you do anything to a new car but put the best fuel in it? The body is aging, and we need to offset that, if at all possible, through nutrition. Should it be ranked as high as exercise? That's almost comparing apples and oranges, but it is very important because, without the fuel, your body is not going to stay healthy. You're not going to be able to function up to your maximum. - [Narrator] It sounds so simple, basic, that nutrition can affect how well our bodies function as we age. But the concept is more complex than many people realized before the current wave of Baby Boomers began to age and cause a spike in nutrition-related diseases and disabilities. The connection is redefining how health professionals 25% of community dwelling older adults have malnutrition. That means one out of every four older adults in our nation, at minimum, have some form of malnutrition. And so, this is not just a problem that occurs in hospitals, or in nursing home facilities, or in assisted living. This is our older adults in our nation in general that have a condition that puts them at greater risk. - [Narrator] Dr. Heidi Silver is a Vanderbilt University professor and nutritionist who studies malnutrition and aging health. Most often when we think about malnutrition, we're thinking about it occurring more often in less developed, less resource-rich countries where we see starvation, extreme weight loss, extreme hunger, and chronic inadequate food intake. But that's only one form of malnutrition, and the malnutrition we see here in the United States takes a different form. And it's less obvious in its physical signs, and it's easily masked by other conditions like illness or injury or inflammation or even higher body weight. I have to tell you that you can be overweight In the aging population, it requires even additional effort to understand if that excess weight is a problem or not. - [Narrator] Dr. Nadia Pietrzykowska sees people who are malnourished everyday in her New Jersey clinic, as a specialist in obesity medicine. There is many, many reasons, and there's a lot of things we know and a lot of things we don't know. Genes, our genes are changing. The environment is changing our genes. The way we eat, society has been affecting what we're doing. Stress, individuals work more hours, longer hours. of energy expenditure. (checkout scanner beeping) What we eat also matters. A lot of foods are processed. States when it's very hard - [Narrator] Food deserts are parts of the country without access to fresh fruits, vegetables and other healthy foods, mainly due to a lack of grocery stores and farmers' markets. The USDA has mapped the nation's food deserts. This one of Nashville-Davidson County shows low-income urban areas that are more than a mile away from grocery stores; rural areas that are 10 miles away; and areas where residents don't have access to cars. At the same these areas often have quickie marts that sell mostly processed, sugar and fat-laden foods, contributing to obesity and malnutrition Malnutrition isn't marked by low weight. It's not marked by these normal things that we would associate with malnutrition. Malnutrition is not getting proper dietary requirements met by the foods that you're eating. I think that doctors and healthcare professionals are going to start to encounter a lot more people who are malnourished that don't necessarily fit the normal definition of malnutrition or the normal look of what malnutrition would look like. - [Woman] If you can have a seat right up here. - [Narrator] Healthcare professionals often overlook or ignore key signs of malnutrition, in part due to lack of training, according to Dr. Silver. I think there's just less emphasis on nutrition as a component of medical school and nursing school curriculums than other factors that are part of the curriculum like pharmacology or cardiology or endocrinology. And there has been a consensus statement recently from the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and the American Society for Parenteral and Enteral Nutrition who have identified six prominent clinical characteristics of malnutrition in today's patient. - [Narrator] Those 6 characteristics are: Weight loss, energy intake, fat loss, muscle loss fluid accumulation, handgrip strength. So is that malnutrition? Or is that normal aging? It's a fine line, isn't it? It's a fine line between what's normal aging and when it becomes malnutrition, and it's really how severe. So one of the things we start with is your hair. Is it coming out easily? Is there a larger amount coming out easily? Is it becoming brittle and breaking off? At the sides of the head, the temporalis muscle, we look at is it becoming indented, is there a depression there, which tells us that you might be losing muscle mass as you get older. So muscle is built by eating protein, correct? Eating protein and by exercising, particularly resistance exercising. As in weights? As in weights. We often see something called pitting edema when there's malnutrition and dehydration. So if you press either on the foot or the ankle, so we expect to see a little bit of indentation like that. But when the indentation stays there, that shows that there's not enough fluid and fat mass behind there to recoil back up. Oh my god, he pulling out. - [Narrator] Identifying malnutrition is important to healthy aging- especially when it comes to certain conditions associated with growing old that might result from poor nutrition. For example, falls, fractures, infections, even minor memory loss can be linked to nutrition-related issues. You can also have other types of malnutrition, for example, you can be deficient in vitamins or minerals and have a micronutrient type of malnutrition. You can have inflammation-related malnutrition. And so there are multiple forms, and they should be treated differently in order to be able to resolve the problem and then promote growth and repair. (gentle guitar music) There is often social isolation that promotes inadequate food intake or less enjoyment for consuming. - [Woman] Hey, sweetie. - [Woman] Hey, Mary, where have you been? - [Woman] I'm 96, soon be 97. - [Narrator] Madeline Jeans is proud of her age and that still lives in her own home, eating her own food, even if it's not the pleasurable experience it once was. It don't taste as good as it used to. When you get older, everything changes. So you to accept it, and be happy, be happy what you got. - [Narrator] Like many older adults, Jeans finds eating more of a chore-due to natural changes in her aging body. For example, the sense of taste and smell may weaken; digestive systems may slow; chewing and swallowing problems can develop; mobility can make it hard to shop, cook and eat; and medications to treat certain conditions can reduce appetite. Despite the challenges, Jeans tries to eat a healthy meal each day. I'm a farm girl. I know what a good meals are. (chuckles) I feel like it's necessary. My children tell me, I'll get back in the hospital. I think I eat good but sometimes when you get old, it don't do you no good maybe. - [Narrator] Her observation is backed by growing evidence that aging influences how nutrients are absorbed by the body. For example, Vitamin D may be low in an older person because aging skin is less able to change sunlight into the vitamin. Same for vitamin B-12, which is harder for our bodies to absorb after age 50. While dietary guidelines established by the USDA still apply to older adults, recommended daily caloric intake decreases with age as the metabolism slows down. High fiber, high protein diets become more important as does calcium. The takeaway here is really that food is medicine, and the provision of food should be central to - [Narrator] Sarah Downer is with the Harvard Law School Center for Health, Law, and Policy Innovation. She led a study on the impact of medically-tailored meals for patients with chronic diseases. And they compared people that were receiving the meals, and people who were medically similar had the same medical profile, so they were also very ill that weren't receiving the meals, and what they found was that as that hospitalizations decreased by half for the population that was receiving the intervention, and that when those patients were hospitalized, the length of the hospitalizations were shorter by about 37%. They were more likely than the comparison group to be able to return to their homes rather than going to another acute long-term care facility. And so there were savings on that end as well, and especially if they're challenged by not being able to travel to the source of healthy food. - [Narrator] Never has healthy food been so available, yet so unattainable for many seniors in Tennessee. National reports consistently show this state is among the worst when it comes to percentage of adults age 60 and older who face the threat of hunger, what is known as food insecurity. Food insecurity is not simply hunger. Food insecurity is actually the thoughts and the feelings of not knowing where your next meal is going to come from, not knowing how you're going to get to that next meal, which can be very overwhelming. - [Narrator] The Nutrition program of the Tennessee Commission on Aging & Disabilities has one main goal: to make sure older residents receive at least one nutritionally-balanced hot meal each day for at least five days a week. - [Lacy] We wanted to know what the specific barriers were for our older adults in Tennessee. - [Narrator] To get that information, the department launched a statewide study on food access among residents age 60 and older with household incomes of $35,000 or less. The findings were stunning even to the researchers. About 30% of them are either marginally or very low access to food. And so I think we can say there is a considerable vulnerability among this age group. - [Narrator] Dr. Ron Aday is a gerontology professor and former director of the Aging Studies program at Middle Tennessee State University. As we discovered, people have access to food. They may have food in their cabinets, able to prepare it. They may have money, but they may not be able to get to the grocery store, or walk around the grocery store, So it's very complicated in terms of narrowing those factors down. Some people may have several factors that they're dealing with and other people may have one or two. - [Narrator] The study found that among older Tennesseans who are food insecure, 22% didn't eat because they didn't want to eat alone; 47% couldn't get food due to health; 39% teeth or mouth problems that made it hard to eat; 63% had to choose between medicine or food; 58% had to choose between utilities or food. More revealing were the personal interviews conducted confidentially with more than 400 seniors across the state. [Woman's Voiceover] You see something that looks so good and other people are snatching it up, but it's too expensive, you know? And I can't. [Woman's Voiceover] And you run out of bread, coffee, sugar, and you just don't have the money to get it. [Woman's Voiceover] Oh yeah! Girl, for years, I would run out of money, and all I would have to eat for, say, seven or eight days in a row for lunch and dinner would be pinto beans-- - [Man's Voiceover] Back in '04 when my wife passed away, I would go a day without eating, and I had plenty of food in the house. We were kind of surprised, I think, in terms of looking at that, by both the psychological issues as well as sometimes the social issues of just the lack of desire or motivation really to eat healthy food choices. - [Narrator] At senior centers like this one in Fayetteville, Tennessee, lunch time is more than a social outing. It can be key to nutritional health. - [Woman] They're all the same, Mr. Hues. All the same? Okay. All the same. If this person didn't have this hot meal, they would probably live on snacks or cereal or something very, you know, maybe at times healthy, but for the most part not. And how that can help not just their own personal nutrition, but keeping them out of the hospital, keeping them in their homes, and it just goes so much further than the hot meal. - [Narrator] This center is funded by the state nutrition program as a congregant meal site for seniors. If they're over 60, they show up and can eat for free or offer a donation. - [Woman] Appreciate that. - [Narrator] Many seniors face barriers in getting to the meal sites, especially in rural areas like Lincoln County. (knocking) Ms. Harris I have your lunch. - [Narrator] Home-delivered meals through this same state-funded program is one solution, but participants must meet medical and income criteria, and there is a long waiting list throughout the state. I've already delivered six so I've got about eight more. I like to meet the people, be nice to 'em. I'm the only person they see sometimes. So I just love doing it. (soothing piano music) It's true that we often think of different types or forms of malnutrition occurring in the oldest old, in people who are in their late 70s, in their 80s, and in their 90s. But what's really interesting in today's hospital patients, we found that 40% to 50% of our hospital patients had sarcopenic obesity. Sarcopenia really has two key components. One is the loss of the muscle mass, and the other is the loss of the physical strength from having less muscle mass. We are in the middle of an aging boom. Our older adult population is living longer, and more and more of them do have overweight and obesity. And so we have a wider prevalence of illness related to malnutrition and injury related to malnutrition. - [Narrator] The paradox of obesity and malnutrition in aging has prompted medical experts to revise how obesity is determined. Basically, the most common measurement used is called the Body Mass Index. The Body Mass Index is a formula that takes into account height and weight and gives us a number that can classify us whether we're normal weight, underweight, overweight, obese, et cetera. It doesn't take into account body composition. So we don't know if that weight is muscle mass or if that weight is fat tissue. We know that as we age, we have a natural tendency to lose muscle mass and gain fat tissue. We found that it's very important to also determine the location of the fat. When fat is located in the abdominal cavity, and it's called the visceral adiposity, it tends to be more harmful. So measuring waist circumference, and there are criteria saying what the waist circumference should be for men and women. That, in addition to the BMI, help us determine if somebody's at a healthy weight. - [Liza Gundell] I was a really healthy fat person. I was. Other than the falls and the injuries I've had, I don't have a whole lot of medical conditions. - [Narrator] Liza Gundell could barely walk and was headed for knee-replacement surgery at age 53 when she had an aha moment: maybe changing her diet would improve her joint deterioration and pain? Never did my primary care physician, the orthopedist or the pain management doctor raise the issue of weight in terms of my health. I was surprised. Hi, Liza, how are you? Good, how are you? - [Narrator] Liza sought help from Dr. Pietryzkowska, and has since lost 54 pounds. - [Dr. Nadia] So basically, with her weight loss, she put herself in a better place for healthier aging. - [Narrator] Unless more Baby Boomers follow Liza's example, the American healthcare system will be unprepared for the consequences of aging overweight seniors who are also malnourished. It seems that about maybe 20 to 30 years ago, the rates of obesity started increasing. So patients that were young adults at that time now are in that 50, 60 years old range, and started gaining weight at that time and now might be overweight or obese. We have an aging population that's not healthy, that's sicker, that cannot take care of itself, with more disability, with problems with cognition. So that will have a huge toll, I think, on just our health system. Mr. Mason? Yeah? - [Narrator] When medical providers pay close attention to the triggers of malnutrition in older patients, it makes a difference, She's on a mission to develop training and tools to help doctors and nurses intervene earlier and faster. We're working with a group of computer engineering faculty here to develop a mobile phone-based software, or application, that we hope could be implemented in healthcare systems that would help providers make diagnosis for malnutrition. - [Narrator] Silver hopes that diagnostic tools like the app will lead providers to ask important questions that go beyond the doctor's office visit. They also need to be asking the questions of, are you able to fix your meals at home? Are you able to make it to the grocery store? Do you need some assistance? Because we can't make the assumption that people are just going to leave the doctor's office and go buy healthy groceries and go home and fix their own meals; it's not as simple as that. N-44? - [Narrator] That's one reason food is the real attraction at many senior centers. - [Bingo Announcer] You got it, get your prize. - [Narrator] From bingo prizes, to take-home goodies. I eat here everyday. I love it! The food, bingo. - [Narrator] Even for those who have the resources and awareness, eating well and achieving nutritional health while aging is work. I think there's a lot of factors that go into that. Monetary, the cost of food continues to go up. Time, we all have good intentions, but can we put it on table? I'm working at it. It's a work in progress every single day. Do I have it down? No, not necessarily. I'm not putting myself up as any kind of, someone to emulate, but I try. We only live life once, so I want to make sure that as I'm entering my sixth decade and my seventh decade, that I'm able to do that as healthfully as I possibly can. I want to be able to enjoy retirement when I get there. Who wants to be ill or incapacitated at the time when they're going to be able to do whatever they want? Americans spend a lot of time and money on food and diet in our quest to be healthy. Science is now helping us better understand why and how that changes as we age. It means re-thinking the role of food and nutrition in healthcare and what resources and services are most effective in providing good nutrition for healthy aging. To learn more about Aging Matters, visit our website at wnpt.org/agingmatters. (gentle orchestral music) and by members of the NPT.

  Top Comments:
  1. @suziquestionable2845 [7 likes]: I feel very lucky. My daughter brings me groceries  sometimes, when necessary. I reimburse her,of course,   l live alone, but in a senior's residence, not having contact with the other residents, due to an injury that confines me to my small room. 
Loneliness, l think  is the worst thing about aging, for a lot of people.
  2. @vtech920 [6 likes]: What scares me most is when I become a Senior and do not have enough money saved up to retire. I don't want to work my entire life, but the way how things are going, I may not have a choice. I'm 37 years old right now and life is not easy.
  3. @georgeduncan5178 [5 likes]: Best  thing I did at 35  was understand real nutrition...food combining  and  not gettin hooked on  medicine   💪🏾💪🏾  vegetarian  for decades
  4. @marilynb8136 [4 likes]: My husband  and i are elderly, retired and disabled. My husband drives me to the grocery store. I am able to buy us good nutritional  food. I am a nurse who studied nutrition.  But not all elderly are able  to eat well. Its sad.
  5. @vtech920 [4 likes]: I work too much, so I don't have time to go to the Gym and exercise.
  6. @altapedroza3604 [4 likes]: In certain areas it's not just the grocery stores that fail to sell healthy foods. The surrounding places to eat are also non healthy. There's fast food at every corner and in between and they all sell the same junk food. I've also noticed that all of them just slap the ingredients into the sandwish; bacon goes one way, egg another way and the buns usually soggy from all the sauce also just squirted on. So disgusting. Who's got time to cook with some people having to have 2 or more jobs. God help us.
  7. @Chenise76 [2 likes]: People should eat nothing but meals on wheels for a week and understand what the elderly and infirm really go through. It's disgusting and hardly enough. For many it's their only hot meal every day
  8. @kamronyarahmadi2797 [2 likes]: Human body can talk to you, it gives you signs, notification & even warnings, so the way that body informs you of the unwanted condition  that is going through is by the feeling of pain, God has designed human body in a way that it can be damaged  in many ways and thus create pains, severe pains, shocks, and even total shut off (eternal sleep). So, the body enemies can be: bad, dangerous & high risks behaviors such as, wrong & ungodly way of living which means if you do not fear God , you may make lots of mistakes in life that could damage your body beyond repair, because every mistakes in life affects your body and the length of your life (pains & shorter life). Now over eating, everything eating, everything drinking, everything injecting, meat & eggs eating, animal eating, & every bad things doings can destroy human body beyond hope & repair. I believe that keeping your body light by a vegetarian, fruits, nuts, cereals, grains and tree foods, can help the body to live a long, healthy life with as less pains & problems as possible, of course you have to also live a godly life too, to make a long story short, God & gods can give you the science & knowledge of a very long, healthy & happy life. That's all for today.
May God be on your side.
Thanks & nice day
  9. @Plasma019 [1 likes]: Think that it's not the food we eat it's how active we are in our daily lives and measure how many times we just sit down for
  10. @cedricregamey639 [1 likes]: This vid is instructional. I have been trying to research for a video similar to yours that teaches the stuff in this video! 🙌Your breakdown reminds me of the content of Dr. Ethan. Dr Ethan's explanations are for sure insightful and he really helped me a lot on school. He is the most informative medical student in Europe and he talks about health!

Go check out his YouTube out and give Dr Ethan a subscribe! 👉 #FutureDoctorEthan
  11. @SeniorStrengthSimplified: It's eye-opening to hear that many older adults struggle with nutrition not just because of cost, but also issues like transportation or being able to prepare meals. Thanks for this important video.
  12. @ThePressurePointTV: It's eye-opening how many older adults struggle not just with affording healthy food, but also with practical issues like getting to the grocery store or being able to prepare meals. Thanks for highlighting these important challenges.
  13. @takenyawade: Nutrition plays a big part in your life no matter what age you are it is a must to eat healthy and balanced meals plenty of protein vegetables fruits n drink WATER
  14. @AngeloMichaelHall-dh3ql: I'm a 65 yo senior whose eating habits has deteriorated on a daily basis I eat less than a meal a day for the last 3 weeks please help me regain my weight and eating proper daily meals....
  15. @angelaknell3510: WHY the irritating music  I’m trying to listen to what is being said but it’s impossible
  16. @pattyperkins5007: God help our sweet ppl.
  17. @miriamarsenio8688: Dr. Agboya herbal treatment is very effective and safe in curing herpes virus and other diseases. I was cured of herpes simplex virus through the help of Dr. Agboya herbal medicine on YouTube..,,
  18. @rozenn6970: Hey. I enjoyed the content a lot! I've been trying to research for vid similar to yours that informs the ideas in this vid! 👌Your vid is similar to the channel from this smart medical student Dr. Ethan. Doctor's videos are totally informative and he helped me on my studies!

Go check out his page out and give the med student a like here! ➡️ #DoctorEthanStudent
  19. @elizabethmagruder9413: This was so knowledgable! I've been trying to research for a video like yours that educates the ideas in this YouTube video. 👍Your content for sure is like the content of Dr Ethan. Dr Ethan's demonstrations are actually educational and he helped me a lot on wellness.

I suggest you check his page out and give the doc a subscribe! 👉 #DoctorEthanStudentDoctor
  20. @t.c.s.7724: Malnourished is the wrong term. If someone Is obese they are by definition fully nourished. Of course there can be profound nutritional deficiencies. This banal and confusing program is embarrassing.

- Supporting Healthy Aging: Nutrition for Seniors: Kind: captions Language: en good morning and welcome everyone um i'm michelle mcdonald wursteck a dietitian and nutrition groups coordinator at the hamilton family health team and i'm here with my colleague kate park who's also a dietitian with our family hamilton family health team so we're here to talk today to you about senior nutrition and this is very appropriate it is canadian malnutrition week awareness week and so we're going to be talking about why nutrition is so important for seniors as well as how you as a senior can eat well to and ensure you're getting the nutrients you need for optimal health and really um at the hamilton family health team we're an organization of about 166 family physicians including primary care teams so as dietitians we work with several different family physicians we have nursing we have pharmacy we have mental health counselors psychiatry a whole team of us are available to you to offer um health care support for you and make sure that you're achieving optimal health so today we're going to focus on nutrition and we've put up this picture to show that there's many many things that will support healthy aging food fitness social connections resilience emotional health many many things but today we're going to focus in on nutrition so why is good nutrition so important as we age well many reasons actually but one thing that's very important that a lot of people are people aren't aware of is that your nutrient needs actually do change as you age and certain things like protein fiber calcium vitamin d and vitamin b12 are nutrients that we actually need more of as we age and so many people aren't aware of that we're going to give you some tips today of how to make sure you're getting those nutrients and of course seniors are concerned about their nutrition we get a lot of questions as dietitians about do my nutrient needs change do i need more protein what can i eat to build stronger bones and prevent falls and then of course there's challenges as we age sometimes we're on a lot of different medications and they can interact with our nutrient needs there's issues with bowel health dehydration living alone cooking for one and a limited income really are challenges to sometimes sometimes challenges for our folks for eating well but there is good news we do know from the evidence that what we eat makes a difference to our health it can improve not only our physical health but our mental health as well it helps to increase our energy levels keeps bones and muscles strong to prevent falls and really is an important part of gi or bowel health preventing constipation and the literature shows that what you eat can improve your blood pressure improve your blood sugar and reduce your risk of heart disease there's actually even newer evidence showing that what you eat can actually have a profound effect on both preventing and managing depression so as a senior you may notice some changes and for those of us that have seniors in our lives we may be noticing some things as well perhaps you're not eating as much as you used to your appetite's a little bit lower perhaps you're easily full and you can't finish the plate that you normally would eat you might be finding that fatigue is an issue so you're you're skipping meals sometimes i have a lot of people who will say well you know it's not really worth turning the oven on just for one person and so cooking styles start to change as well and sometimes we start to rely more and more on processed foods or prepared foods which may or may not have all the nutrients we need in the optimal balance and so that can start to have a profound effect on our physical and mental health in addition changes start to happen sometimes with muscles around swallowing it takes over 100 muscles to swallow safely sometimes people start to cough or choke while they're eating or drinking fluids they may be noticing changes maybe in things like having new dentures starting to affect what they're eating suddenly they're eating a lot of soft foods as well as constipation we've mentioned health problems can often get a bit complicated as we get older many of the patients we see um kate and i see a lot of people for diabetes education but the person with diabetes may also come with high blood pressure high cholesterol irritable bowel so it can get very complicated for the person to try to figure out what do i actually eat when i have these different conditions as well we've mentioned medication effects there's a lot of medication effects and they can affect many of the nutrients we need for example again in diabetes many people take metformin this is medication that can actually lower appetite sometimes and so for some of our seniors we start to worry if they're not eating enough it also can affect b12 and kate are going to talk more about that as well too as well as some of the fluid pills that people are taking it can lead to dehydration so it's really important that we're aware of those medications and that's where we encourage you to touch base with the dietitian to give you some tips to make sure you don't run into any issues with the interactions so when we start to look at senior health some of the research is showing that there is some concern that one out of three older adults in canada so old adults over the age of 65 are at high nutritional risk and that nutritional risk can lead to complications and falls and hospitalizations interestingly when you start to look at who is more at risk it tends to be more common in women women living with depression grief or loneliness living alone with limited social supports unable to drive to access food low income poor oral health and those taking five or more medications and the research actually does show that if someone is malnourished they are at a much higher risk of falling and that's a big concern for many of the seniors i talked with they're always concerned about falling and so malnourished seniors are 73 percent more likely to fall than well nourished seniors and that can often lead to hospitalizations in fact a recent study across canada showed that one out of every two adults on admission to hospitals are being flagged as malnourished and what happens is those folks that are malnourished tend to stay longer they tend to worsen during their stay there's higher mortality rates as well once they're discharged they tend to be back in the hospital 30 days later especially if the malnutrition was not addressed so they have what we call high 30-day readmission rates and when we look at the impact not only on the individual and the quality of life of living with malnutrition but also on health care and health care dollars it accounts for a significant amount 2 billion of the annual 25 billion hospital budget in canada so we'll turn it over to kate thank you so much michelle so uh michelle's laid out some really great points about some of the challenges we see in seniors so let's talk about what we can do to start eating better and one of the best new tools that we have available to us is the new canada's group guide it was updated uh just last year and it's uh just kind of a very sensible visualization of the types of foods we need in our diet so as you can see from here we really want to emphasize plenty of fruits and vegetables taking about half of your plate um and then a quarter of your meal being protein so protein includes things like fish meat eggs beans uh nuts um soy products lentils and we're going to talk a little bit more about the importance of protein because it's very critical uh we find in the senior population as well as choosing whole grain foods as part of our foods as well so there's a lot of different um uh kind of trendy styles of eating but we want to emphasize is trying to get a good variety of all the key foods that provide benefits to our diet um so on the next slide we'll just talk a little bit about some of those things so uh diets that are rich in healthy foods support a healthy body so we're not so much about restriction we're more about emphasizing the things that maybe we're lacking so we want to make sure that we're getting lots of fruits vegetables uh nuts and seeds i offer lots of healthy fats and fibers uh lengthens can also offer fiber and nutrients our whole grains are very important uh fish and seafood provide lots of great healthy brain brain fats we also want to be including calcium rich foods such as yogurt cheese and milk and then healthy fats such as olive oil so it's really about making sure we're getting all of these different foods because they all provide different benefits so let's uh use these three pictures as an example of some kind of classic breakfast we have and talk about which one of these is maybe the most heart healthy and brain healthy way of eating uh so if we look at picture one picture one is you know your waffles bacon and eggs um certainly we have those we have parts of those plates however some of these are a little bit more on the uh processed side right we know that high intakes of cured needs is not necessarily great for our heart health as well as processed grains white flours too much of those can also lack the benefits of say our whole grains that are in pictures two and three now between two and three i would have to say that picture two is probably our healthiest choice uh the reason being we've got both the whole grains we've also got fresh fruits and we've got the protein from the nut butters which we know are great for both our heart and our brain certainly we do have some fruits in picture three however again they're more on the process side they're more fruit juices jams definitely there's going to still be some vitamins and minerals but a lot of the nutrition from fruits and vegetables comes from the actual flesh of fruits and vegetables and so when you take them away by doing things like juicing and straining them you're actually missing out on some of the benefits so if you can incorporate whole fruits and vegetables more often certainly cooked and fresh are both appropriate you do gain a great deal of benefit that way so you may be looking at a list of all those different foods going oh my goodness there's so many things there what am i going to add in um well i always advise people start small change is not easy for anyone um so even if you can think of just one thing you could do this week to improve your eating um it's taking all those small steps to get to our longer term goal that's um so is that for you you know adding more fruits and vegetables or whole grains is it adding more uh fish is it adding uh you know trying to make sure you get enough protein um don't feel like you have to do it all at once just pick one thing this week to make a change um and then once you've accomplished that continue to add to those goals so a little game of myth are true so uh for anyone who's participating in the audience feel free to uh uh put an answer in the chat um but mr truth do your protein needs go up as you age so surprisingly you would think well you know i'm getting older i don't have as much energy i probably don't need as much but the truth is is our protein names actually tend to increase as we get older um and it's making making it all the more challenging because uh as your appetites going down as michelle was pointing out if you're filling up faster it can be tougher to meet those protein needs so typically we're encouraging people to try and have protein at every single meal because protein is quite filling most people are really good about trying to get protein at supper time so you know having some chicken or beef or fish with dinner but a lot of people forget about the importance of protein at those other meals trying to have protein with your lunch and with your breakfast so um i mentioned this briefly uh earlier on in the talk where do we get protein well protein is found as nuts it's in legumes eggs fish chicken it's in dairy products so for example adding beans into your soup at lunch or adding peanut butter or greek yogurt to your breakfast is an easy way to add extra protein into your diet but we're looking at roughly 25 grams of protein per meal to get enough protein and protein is one of those things that's going to help you to feel alert it is important for your muscles um so if you're not getting enough protein in sometimes that can be a contributing factor to your fatigue i can't speak highly enough about when i've worked with patients and got them to eat more protein through the day how sometimes they actually tend to feel like their strength starts to come back um not realizing that it was not that they weren't eating enough it's that they weren't eating enough of a key nutrient like protein that they were lacking and also when you eat does matter so um michelle talked a lot about this about how you know if you're feeling tired or your appetite flow you might be going oh well you know i'll just skip lunch and i'll have a good dinner right that'll that'll i can make up the difference the truth is skipping or forgetting to eat or going long periods without eating does have a negative effect on the body particularly things like low blood sugars and hypoglycemia and the trouble is as we get older sometimes our sensitivity to feeling hypoglycemia can go down but some of the common symptoms that you might experience if you're having low blood sugars it could be things like headache blurred vision um feeling irritable anxiousness dizziness so um i i particularly encourage people that suffer from things like anxiety the importance of regular meals through the day can actually curb the intensity of those symptoms sometimes because when our blood sugars are fluctuating up and down because we've been skipping meals often that can make those symptoms feel worse and think about that protein i talked about before about 25 grams per meal if you're only having one or two meals a day that means you got to try and get up like close to 75 grams that's maybe impossible depending your appetite so spreading that food out over the day so you don't have to like eat exorbitant amounts at once it's helpful but it also helps to keep your blood sugars even through the day okay so speaking of covid covert's been one of those things that's really changed everything that we're doing and today is an example of how we are changing some of the service we're offering by offering webinars on topics people are requesting and one of the most common questions kate and i have been getting over the past six or seven months now is about immunity and nutrition so what can i do to support my immune system so in terms of optimizing immune system we want a healthy diet with healthy foods rich in nutrients and kate was just highlighting some of them for you we want to try to avoid ultra processed foods because they do tend to come with very few nutrients and they tend to fill us up and may be giving us excess sodium and saturated fats and causing more inflammation and within immunity what we're looking at is trying to reduce inflammation drinking water daily is important as well for hydration getting adequate sleep and also managing stress so these are all the basics of enhancing your immune system so the hydration piece is actually really and i don't know about you kate but i see this a lot where people are not drinking enough fluid in the day and they just don't realize that dehydration can really impact our health especially our blood pressure our mood and concentration and immune function a lot of people are waiting until they feel like they're thirsty but they haven't been drinking enough fluids for a very long time that sense of thirst may not actually be there even though they're dehydrated so this is a really important point i think we want people to take away is that we get need to get fluid into you throughout the day not just at the end of the day because that does tend to keep you up at night running to the bathroom and we want to make sure what you're drinking is not causing health problems or affecting you in a negative way so some of our the drinks that we commonly may enjoy are listed here and you can see they actually give you the amount of sugar of added sugar teaspoons of sugar in these drinks so things like sports drinks even our tim hortons double double uh can of pop quite a bit of significant added sugar and that can have an impact on not only on blood sugar but also on your energy level as well so we do want to encourage water we want to encourage things like tea milk again moderation with some of these other drinks as well but really important that you look at your day and see how many cups of fluid are you getting throughout the day other nutrients that are really important for immunity and this is where it's interesting when i started to look into this i hadn't realized that with aging you actually make less immune cells so it seems to affect the production of your immune cells um and so the research is showing that really to maximize making these immune cells to fight off infection we need to make sure the key nutrients are there especially some of the nutrients that help to manage inflammation and we've listed for you protein carbohydrates and fats these are their macronutrients and omega-3 is one of those fats it's actually very very important for reducing inflammation then the two omega-3s are called epa and dha and so those that's something that i encourage you to perhaps talk to your dietitian more about to see are you getting enough of those in your diet or do you need to supplement the vitamins and the minerals as well i've listed the ones that are particularly important for immune function and again we just mentioned fluids so let's talk a little bit more about this omega-3 so omega-3 is a healthy fat that's a polyunsaturated fat very important for heart health so many of you might have heard about this regarding cholesterol and reducing risk of heart attack and stroke but also very important for and so we're trying to encourage people to include the foods that have these and make it three this epa stands for a big long word epipentanoic acid and dhea is another long one dexa hexanoric acid but those are the omega-3s that most of us as canadians don't probably get enough of so if we like to encourage you to eat some of these foods like fish salmon and mackerel sardines and trout kate has some fabulous recipes on these by the way because we do offer a cooking series as well so these are foods we're trying to help you add to your weekly menu because they have this not only a protein source and a vitamin d source but this omega-3 to help reduce inflammation you can also find omega-3 in plant sources omega-3 eggs for example walnuts flax seeds and chia seeds again the ala omega 3 doesn't seem to be as converted as readily to this dha form that we've thought in the past still very good foods to add but again definitely something to have a conversation about with your dietitian to see what'll work best for you vitamin d so vitamin d is such an important vitamin here's a question or true or false for you vitamin d is a common deficiency in canada taking vitamin d supplements can help prevent falls and support a healthy immune system well that's actually very true we have a very high prevalence of deficiency of vitamin d in canada and it is associated with falling and depression as well so mental health as well as poor immune function so we really need to encourage people to be aware of where can you get it in your foods and it's pretty limited fish and milk we've just mentioned fish and so for many people it's quite hard to get enough from food sources we do get it from the sun but in canada especially between september and may we're not really exposed to a lot of sun or the surface area on our bodies are not exposed and for that reason we absolutely need to supplement with vitamin d3 at least a thousand international units a day this is where you want again have a conversation with your doctor or your dietitian or your nurse or pharmacist because sometimes people will need a bit more depending on perhaps their blood levels if that's been tested so that's definitely an important discussion but in the meantime go before you see your doctor make sure you're at least on a thousand units of vitamin d for all adults michelle i think it's also important to point out that a lot of people think well during the summer you know if i'm getting out and getting lots of sunlight then i might that'll bring up my stores but we're also very aware of the risk of skin cancer from too much sun and when you're using sunscreen that can also affect your absorption of vitamin d so we need to be aware that even when you know we're protecting our skin with things like sunscreen we may not be getting as much vitamin d as we would expect which is why it's all the more important once we get into the cold season and we're not really getting any sun shine at all that we are supplementing absolutely that's a really good point sunscreen is really impacted on the production of vitamin d in our skin b12 so here's another vitamin that we want everyone to be aware of because it is also turning out to be a very common deficiency and they're estimating about a third of adults over the age of 50 may be low in vitamin b12 and there's many risk factors for this for example following a vegetarian or a vegan style of diet the actual intake or food sources of b12 are not there b12 is is only an animal product so if someone is actually switching to more of a plant-based diet they may not be getting enough of the actual b12 sources medication so here's another example where medications have a profound effect so anyone with hyperacidity taking medications called ppis people with diabetes taking metformin this all affects your vitamin b12 levels and so this would be something again we would encourage you to talk to your dietician or your doctor about how often should you be tested for that nutrient aging as well seems to affect b12 again the gastric conditions like heartburn or acidity or reflux if people have conditions that are gi or gastro gastrointestinal conditions like celiac disease and crohn's as well as anyone who has head surgery on their stomach or intestines we always think as dietitians of b12 and here's a list for you that gives you some of the symptoms to watch for as well because b12 can be very subtle sometimes often people will say you know i just don't have the energy i used to have or i'm noticing the numbness and tingling in my fingers or my toes but it actually can be linked with even more serious conditions like depression and dementia and poor memory so something to definitely be aware of we want to encourage you to have b12 foods in your diet and again as i mentioned that's animal products so your milk yogurt cheese your meat chicken fish eggs animal products contain b12 plant products do not contain b12 so if you are following a vegetarian diet that again is a good conversation to talk with a dietitian to make sure we get some alternative sources of b12 into and again the blood work this is something to have a discussion with the family doctor to see how often should i have my blood tested what is the range of normal which is a little bit different than what it used to be a few years ago um true deficiency is once it gets under about 149 depending on your lab but newer research is showing for seniors in particular we really need to keep their serum b12 levels between that 250 to 600 range and so when it starts to drop under that 250 again that's something to have a conversation about magnesium so here's a mineral magnesium very important mineral for many many things makes many cofactors in the body is it important for sleep and the production of brain neurotransmitters so transmitters like serotonin and dopamine and gaba things that actually help us maintain you know our concentration reduce anxiety etc in fact magnesium is something i know kate and i were always taught it was never that common but the research is starting to show that it may be more common than we think and that could be due to low intake of foods that have magnesium again the medication interaction so anyone on a water pill for example something like hydrochlorothiazide can impact not only your potassium but your magnesium so magnesium is an important role in many many functions in the body from bone to muscle to many many cofactors for helping us use our energy properly and we really need to want to make sure that people are aware of magnesium-rich foods things like pumpkin seeds quinoa the nuts and seeds legumes even avocado and banana so magnesium really important mineral something you can get from food you can also get them from epsom salts in your bath if you want to use that too but again something to consider as we get older so this is just a summary page for you that sort of highlights some of the key vitamins and minerals and healthy fats that we really want to be aware of when it comes to senior health vitamin b12 we've talked about iron magnesium omega-3 fatty acids and vitamin d so these are all really important for our health including our immune health in this age of covid it's something to be particularly focusing on and so we would encourage you to speak with your dietitian to find out what are the food sources for all of these nutrients but also if you actually do need to supplement so that's a conversation to have because it's usually based on your blood work it's based on your dietary assessment and supplementation is often short term sometimes it's long term so again everyone is different so we we would encourage you to connect with your doctor or dietician about this back to you kate all right thank you michelle all right so great information on all those key nutrients and we've talked about a number of important things to be focusing on um but what you eat is not the only thing that's important uh we also want to be thinking about how we're eating taking time to eat and making sure that we're eating slowly and thoughtfully a very common um we will talk about in sessions is people that are maybe eating too quickly um or those that are you know not eating what we call mindfully we actually have an entire program called mind believing where we talk about the practice of learning to eat and you know really savor our food and pay attention to our hunger cues um a lot of us you know uh are eating you know while watching things like tv and so maybe um you know we're not aware of how full we are or you know for getting enough um so definitely we encourage people to try and uh you know regularly schedule time to sit down and eat meals and enjoy them but as you'll see on our next slide the other thing we want to encourage is um uh just being aware of why we're eating so uh we use this method called the blahs the idea of you know if we're there's lots of reasons we eat it's not always because we're actually hungry sometimes we eat because of feelings those are very common things we connect very much to emotion as humans uh and so if you find that you tend to you know uh you're eating at times you're like you know i'm not even really hungry one of the techniques we ask people to do to start tuning in with their body to understand why they're eating is to use uh do i have the blood so am i eating because i'm bored am i eating because i'm lonely eating because i'm angry or anxious am i eating because i'm happy the the feelings don't always have to be negative sometimes we because we're excited right um or because i'm sad or stressed um and it's not meant to be a technique of judgment it's more to get in tune with yourself because you can't really change a habit like emotionally eating if you don't have the self-awareness of what's going on so just pausing and using this technique can be a way to kind of get in tune with why you're eating and then working with a registered dietitian we can help you with different techniques to basically help you use different tools to um you know adjust the behavior so you're not always impulsively eating because of the feeling um and you're able to kind of get um in a in a better place with it kate i was going to mention this is a comment i get a lot lately during covet from all adults and a lot of my seniors as well finding that they're just eating when they're not even aware that they're eating they're finding their stress eating more they're reaching for those comfort foods because they are feeling very stressed during covert it's definitely a stressful time yes i think a lot of people are feeling this way i know that snack food sales have gone up because when there's less things to do and there's a lot more pressures in the world food is a very immediate um comfort right it's something we can easily access it gives us positive feelings but unfortunately those positive feelings are very short-lived so we really want to help people to find other ways to stay resilient and get the emotional support they need uh the family health team does have a couple of webinars on you know dealing with anxiety and grief and stress during covert i highly recommend they check out the youtube channel because there's great tips and tricks on there um it you know it doesn't necessarily uh make things perfect but you know we all need those um those tools to help us to get through this tough time for sure that awareness piece right that's half the battle just being aware of what's triggering the eating yeah yes uh and there's something to be said about um bringing a social piece into food cooking and eating together um enjoying meals with family and friends um cooking at home that's why we often emphasize why we often emphasize a lot of our our food skills programs here at the family health team because it's important to feel comfortable in the kitchen making your own food you know so food's not tasting good you're not going to want to eat at home so we definitely have lots of recipes that are available to share and we want to make sure that we're finding ways to stay connected so not everyone has the benefit of having other people living in their household but thank goodness for technology i would definitely encourage people um to do things like zoom dinners you know you know have your meal i know a lot of people that will be doing that for thanksgiving this year where you know they'll be connecting with family and having their own meal at home to stay safe but still doing that important connecting with friends and family and i encourage people you know try to stay connected um it's very important as part of that circle that michelle was showing at the beginning of all the different aspects of our well-being um at any age honestly true so we wanted to actually get your feedback part of doing these webinars is we want to hear from you to see um what do you find beneficial like are we giving you topics that you're interested in did you learn any new skills if you can take a minute i've just launched a poll and many of these questions are yes no questions so did you learn any new skills today did you have any technical issues connecting to zoom today will you attend another session so these are type of feedback that's really helpful for us because we love doing these webinars for folks and we like to encourage people all people to join the webinar not just on patients of the hamilton family health team we really want to open this up to the larger hamilton community because this has been a tough time it's not been easy to access information get health care information and many of the seniors when we do our phone calls are saying that you know they really appreciate someone checking in they were worried about their health you know what do i do when i have diabetes how do i manage it during co-fed what do i do when i have high cholesterol right so they're really looking for that information to help inform what to do in this time when it's been very different for all of us so we'll give people just a few more seconds to answer some of these questions and then we'll have time for questions at the end and i think we'll go to i think we're good probably for the good at this point okay yeah and then let's go to so kate we have a few questions here uh yeah so but uh just before we get to those uh just to talk about some of the key resources that are available to individuals um first of all if you want to email one of our specific dietitians beyond talking to us today um you can actually go to hamiltonfht.ca and you can actually message us directly and also encourage you to book an appointment through your family doctor as we do have access to either dietitians in your office or through our different hubs and also there's lots of great information on dietitians.ca and unlockthrough.ca definitely i mean you can even look there's great articles on things like that michelle was talking about magnesium vitamin d lots of tips even little snack and recipe ideas so definitely be sure to check out uh those resources when you have an opportunity we also have a ton of different groups available we have classes on heart health diabetes food and mood and self-care through food a lot of these webinars are already posted on our youtube channel so if you go on youtube and search hamilton family health team you can see our entire channel and we do have some live groups that are available to the whole community as michelle was saying our healthy lifestyle group and our diabetes group which you can self registers for through um again our our calendar at hamiltonfht.ca um and again the webinars that are pre-recorded are available on the youtube channel so definitely check those out as well all right question okay so i have a couple questions here for you one is on protein i have someone asking about if protein is important to have at every meal how can i get more protein at breakfast what are some examples yes uh that's probably one of the more challenging ones because classically in north america we tend to be toast cereal which are great foods but often very low in protein now there are some cereals out there that are higher protein they are becoming more popular but there's easy ways to do it without having to go by the expense of high protein syrup for example just adding uh nuts and seeds into a cereal things like hemp hearts will offer some protein and some healthy fats you can also use things like greek yogurt instead of milk greek yogurt has about um is it twice or three times the protein of the regular yogurt twice yes um eggs are a classic one i know there's been a lot of debate about like the heart health effects of eggs um but you know if you don't have heart disease most people can get away with an egg a day no problem um so incorporating eggs into the diet is a great option um and also who says breakfast food has to be breakfast if you are not a big breakfast person you prefer something savory and you want to eat leftovers from dinner go for it um often the meal is going to be higher protein anyway so if you want the leftover chicken stir-fry you had from dinner there's nothing saying that you can't do that so um i mean michelle do you have any other ideas as far as yeah i'm going to mention a couple times i have people asking me about ensuring boost high protein slim fast high protein so some of the tips i give to people is try to eat your breakfast first and then if you feel there's not enough protein perhaps take a third of one of those supplements if that's something you're using and use it almost to sort of give that little extra boost of protein at breakfast and you can do another third at lunch and another third at dinner so for many people using a nutrition supplement on top of their foods is an easy way to get that extra vitamins and minerals as well as that extra protein that is pretty challenging to get at breakfast and lunch for a lot of our folks and there's actually a lot of popular recipe sites now that have recipes using those protein shakes where you can actually turn them into like high protein pancakes or um different high protein smoothies if you're tired of like the same flavor over and over again just to be able to change it up um so you may want to have a look online because they're you know sometimes we get burnout just from having to eat the same thing every day so there are ways to get creative with those protein uh drink supplements uh to make them interesting again for yourself and there's also old-fashioned skim milk powder remember skim milk powder adding it to a glass of milk mixing it up and now you've got high protein milk so there's lots of tips on protein that we have ideas for people to make sure that they're getting enough protein speaking of things we drink one of the questions i commonly get uh because you talked about the sugar content in a lot of different beverages i get people like well i don't like to taste the water water you know it's kind of dull what do i do if i prefer things that are sweeter how can i get myself used to drinking something like water when i find it so bland um my personal recommendation is that you know our taste buds do change over over a period of weeks and you know maybe don't go straight to water um but slowly diluting things down so you know maybe doing three quarters juice to a quarter water and working your way down over a few weeks can help michelle do you have any other tips to make water more interesting sometimes i encourage the lemon or lime because lemon and lime is a great source of vitamin c no sugar a nice taste and for many people medications can cause dry mouth and so lemon and lime help you know stimulate those salivary glands in the cheeks to produce more moisture in the mouth and that can be very helpful throughout the day to sort of prevent that dry dry mouth feeling because that can lead to some difficulties chewing and swallowing and that seems to be a common issue for a lot of a lot of our seniors yeah so i've had that work really effectively for people as well with dry mouths yeah so in terms of b12 so we have a question about b12 and people a lot of people are saying that they're on medications and they're worried about does it affect my b12 so what would you recommend if someone's worried or wondering about their b12 well one of the first pieces of advice i would suggest is if you have the option to speak with your family doctor or registered dietitian about getting tested um it's a fairly quick test to do on your regular blood work and it can tell us where your levels are at b12 deficiency can be very common depending on the types of medication you're on and as we get older it's harder sometimes for our digestive tract to break b12 off so b12 deficiencies and the means of cleaning genetics it can also you can be at higher risk um michelle gave that great list of typical symptoms um and there's two main ways we treat b12 right you can either get it as an injection form or you can get it as a tablet the tablet's often less expensive and it's something that you can take at home but you want to make sure you're taking the right dose depending on if you're deficient right michelle right yeah and that's where the bug work can help inform how much to take and for how long like we have some people are what we call super responders you give them a b12 supplement if they're they've been low and suddenly their readings goes from you know 160 to 702 so that type of person wouldn't need to continue with b12 ongoing but then there's other people who really don't seem to absorb it well so you give them a supplement to correct the deficiency and they may go from you know the 150 to you know 205 so that type of person may need to continue with b12 supplementation so we're all very different so i do encourage you to connect with your doctor or dietitian to see you know your personal health status and see what how you respond when you're using some of these supplements that's such a great point michelle supplements can be very helpful but they need to be individualized just because a product is touted as being very healthy doesn't mean it's necessarily appropriate for you which is why reviewing with a registered dietitian to make sure it's fitting your personal needs is really key to making sure you're getting you're getting your money's worth out of them because they can also be very expensive yeah so definitely check in with your team uh to make sure you're taking what's right for you and that's a good point like often when people come for assessments they used to bring their bag of vitamins and minerals and medications to their appointments but that's something we can do over the phone now too we can go through your list of medications even better you have the chance to walk in your kitchen and pick it up off the shelf so you can actually truly tell us which which brand it is and how much is in there and then we can help you figure out if that's something you need or how much is right for you or if it's something you actually don't really need and you're getting more than enough from your food supply so calcium for example so many people years ago were on calcium supplements but if you're a person that has yogurt and milk and cheese every day you're getting a good amount about probably over a thousand milligrams of calcium there plus a couple hundred what we call miscellaneous milligrams so you may actually not need to take a calcium supplement so again that's a perfect example of sometimes too much of a good thing right definitely so on that note i don't see any other questions in the chat box so i think we want to thank you for your time today and spending time with us and we hope that you walk away with a few tips that you can actually use to improve your health and we hope you eat well and stay well take care everybody bye-bye

- Keto Diet vs Low Carb Diet - Which Is Better For You?: Kind: captions Language: en keto diet versus low carb diet aren't they the same thing well a ketogenic diet is always a low carb diet but a low carb diet may or may not put you in ketosis so today we're going to talk about the entire spectrum of carbohydrates from lowest to highest and help you understand where do you need to be in order to meet your health goals but also to achieve optimum health coming right up I'm doctor Ekberg I'm a holistic doctor and a former Olympic decathlete if you want to truly master health by understanding how the body really works make sure you subscribe and hit that notification bell so that you don't miss anything keto and low carb have become very popular because they're addressing the main problem of our times which is insulin resistance when we eat carbohydrates and especially sugar we triggered insulin insulin is a storage hormone so most people on a modern diet have become much much better at storing calories and fat than to burning calories and fat most people have lost the ability to burn fat appropriately because there's so much food and so much sugar available that our insulin levels and our blood sugar levels stay on a constant high keto or ketosis or a ketogenic diet keto is a physiological state it's what happens when you switch from carbohydrate metabolism to a dominant fat metabolism when the vast majority of your energy comes from fat then your body produces ketones it's a byproduct of that fat burning and if you have above baseline measurable amounts of ketones that means you are predominantly burning fat which is a good thing if you're trying to you lose weight or reverse insulin resistance most people have to eat somewhere between 20 to 50 grams of net carbs to be in ketosis and what's a net carb you take the whole amount the whole number of carbohydrates in the food and then you subtract the fiber because the fiber is something that we don't digest it is there to fill out to provide bulk it gives your intestines and work to do but you don't absorb it it provides no blood sugar no calories no energy so we don't count it we subtract it and end up with net carbs and if your net carbs are 20 to 50 then for the most part you're gonna be in ketosis but there will be exceptions some people have to do that either for a very very long time or they have to go even lower 20 to 50 grams on a 2,000 calorie diet means you're eating 4 to 10 percent of calories from carbohydrate on the other extreme on the other end of the spectrum is the sad diet the standard American diet and I know that's totally appropriate acronym and according to the official guidelines you should eat 45 to 65 percent of your calories from carbohydrate that puts you at 225 to 325 grams of carbs per day and while that would create problems for a lot of people it is not outrageously wrong for everybody what makes it wrong for everybody is the fact that most of the food is processed and there's a lot of sugar and a lot of chemicals in there as much as 50% of the carbohydrates consumed are sugar which means the white crystal stuff out of the bag but also sugar added like ketchup and cookies and baked goods and salad dressings and so forth and of course the high-fructose corn syrup in the sweet drinks so even though a healthy active person eating whole food could probably tolerate for the most part a relatively high level of carbs it's the sugar that destroys it for us because the sugar is has to be processed mostly by the liver and it puts pressure strain stress on the liver and we develop fatty liver and insulin resistance and when that happens we have broken our carbohydrate processing machine and once that happened now we have to become much much more drastic in our choices so there's a difference between maintaining something and reversing something and most of us have become very insulin resistant the vast majority of people over 75% in the Western world are insulin resistant so and that's because of all the sugars so now the reason keto and low carb are so popular is that that's the thing that finally addresses the main problem so some people think that low-carb is anything less than the modern diet and a lot of people think that the modern diet is normal or balanced because that's what they've been eating all their life for the last couple of generations they don't know anything else so they think oh anything less than that is low carb which is not the case from the point of view that we're discussing this if we want to reverse insulin resistance now we're probably talking about a maximum level of about a hundred grams of carbs so low carb generally in the low carb community is fifty to a hundred grams which would give you ten to twenty percent of calories from carbohydrates so Kido vs. low carb vs. high carb is a continuum and depending on your situation your genetics your lifestyle your history you're going to be at a different place a front place is going to be appropriate for you so anywhere from 2% carbs on the low end up to maybe fifty percent carb be appropriate for a certain person and it depends on how insulin resistant are you so while there's a carb continuum there's an insulin resistance continue and we measure this with something called Homa I our homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance and what it does it takes your fasting glucose it multiplies it by your fasting insulin it divides by a constant and you get a score a Homa I our score and an optimum value is 1 plus or minus a few tenths so if you're in that range you have a very very good balance between insulin resistance and insulin sensitivity so normal value could be a fasting glucose of a hundred and an insulin level of four divided by a constant of four or five gives you approximately one once you get up to one point five you're still okay but you're starting to develop slight insulin resistance and by the time you get up to two or three or four you start having moderate to severe insulin resistance at the high end of the scale we can have people like diabetics that are untreated meaning they haven't changed anything in their lifestyle that could be a 10 or higher but we also want to consider the low end of the scale can you be too insulin sensitive and the answer is yes because we could be any extreme as possible down to about 0.5 is probably okay but once you start going below 0.5 if you have for example a fasting glucose of 80 or 70 and your insulin starts going down below 2.5 now you are probably too insulin sensitive and in this case you're probably very lean you probably or active and you probably have trouble gaining weight you might want to gain weight but you can't you think you can oh let me eat a bunch of fat let me let me try the keto diet and that's probably not going to be the best thing for you doesn't mean you have to eat as much as 50% carbs but you probably shouldn't be keto either there's probably a better balance for you someplace else on the scale so you're gonna have to play around with that and what happens if you're too lean then you don't have enough reserves if you get a sickness if you get a cold or a flu then you don't have a lot of reserves and you also don't have a lot of fat soluble vitamins to help your immune system so there is such a thing as too lean and to insulin sensitive so the Homa ir is an excellent way of assessing insulin resistance but it doesn't tell us the whole picture so let's look at a couple of examples here if we take a diabetic and let's say they wake up with a fasting glucose of 200 and we measure their insulin and it's 20 we compute the score and their home I R is 10 meaning very insulin resistant and there's no surprise there because every one of those markers tell us that their insulin resistance their their full-blown diabetics but they may the solution may still be pretty simple for some of these people they're just insulin resistance they're just diabetic because there's just a flood there's a total overwhelm of sugar and carbohydrates in their life and if they some of these people if they cut out the soda and the cookies and the candy they may be well on their way to improving some people are not going to be that lucky so the first thing we look at is glucose if the fasting glucose is sky-high we know there's a problem but we could also have a low or normal fasting glucose and have a problem that's when we go looking at insulin because you could have you could eat a bunch of sugar and you make a bunch of insulin that's enough to lower your glucose and now you're gonna have a low glucose but a high insulin because you're pushing the system your system has to work really really hard to keep that glucose under control and then once you've done that for a while and you want to lose some weight now you realize hey it's not working so well so now we go and take the test and you have a fasting glucose of a hundred but your insulin is still at 20 so this could be a person that have tried a lot of things they used to eat a lot of carbs but they stopped so now for several months there's very little carbs in the system but their system is still stubborn their cells are still insulin resistant so they could have a score a Houma are of five which is still very high but not as high as the diabetic but in a sense they're more insulin sensitive because they've done a lot of lifestyle changes but their cells are still not responding so this person we have to start looking at their weight loss history and their carb intake have they started doing the right things and it's still not working that's the what we're finding a lot of people today who are very insulin resistant even though they have a low glucose and a low a1c so those are the people who probably have to do the keto but it may not be enough even so who needs to do keto well if you want fast weight loss then keto is probably going to get it faster than the low carb for most people if you want to reverse a disease if you have diabetes if you have diagnosed diabetes and you want to reverse it and you want to reverse it fast then keto is probably going to get it done faster and if your body is stubborn then it might be a necessity same thing it you have stubborn weight you've tried a lot of different things but you lose a few pounds you plateau and you just stuck there Tito in this case might be anywhere from 2% to 10% of carbohydrates of calories from carbohydrates but you probably also are gonna have to add some more things there are more factors that are producing that that are supporting that insulin resistance so the other one is the frequency of meals every time you eat it's a message to release insulin and to store fat and if you eat six times a day then that's six times that you're storing fat intermittent fasting is when you start eating fewer meals and you start going longer between meals especially overnight and intermittent fasting is when you start cutting down from six meals you start skipping the snacks you're down to three meals then you become low-carb you come better fat adapted your body learns to burn some fat now you decide hey I'm not so hungry for breakfast let me skip breakfast so you eat at noon and at 6:00 what has happened here is you have turned your feeding window down to six hours which makes your fasting window overnight 18 hours for 18 hours you're not eating not eating is really low-carb it's zero carb and now you're really giving your body a chance to recover you're giving the chance the cells a chance to become a little hungry for for some more glucose that gives them a chance to burn off some of those fat stores and become insulin sensitive and 18 hours might do it or you might have to go longer so some people push that window down to feeding window to once a day they might eat for 30 to 60 minutes a day and have an almost 24-hour feeding fasting window and some people have to go even further or choose to go further because they want to do it faster or their body just isn't responding to the shorter fasts so some people might go 36 or 48 or even 72 hours or even seven-day fasts I would suggest that you start slowly and gradually so you get your body used to it and you know how your body responds another factor that can help is exercise because once you increase your heart rate and your blood circulation now the muscles get hungry and they are starting to accept fuel without so much insulin which means you're becoming more insulin sensitive the body doesn't have to produce insulin to make that happen so exercise is a great thing and I've have some videos on that as well you want to do low intensity long duration plus a little bit of high intensity extreme high intensity very very short called HIIT high intensity interval training and you don't want to do a lot of stuff in the middle which is both most people do in the gyms another factor is stress and stress puts the body in a state of needing more resources when you're in fight flight your body expects a struggle so it wants more resources for fuel so it raises blood sugar it raises cortisol which drives blood sugar up and when blood sugar goes up so does insulin so stress actually creates insulin resistance where you end up on the continuum and how many of these you have to try depends on how instantly resistance you are and how far you have to go to make it work for you some people might reach their goals on a low-carb diet meaning they don't have to go so low as to get in ketosis but they eat 50 to 100 grams they stay physically active they find the balance even in the low carb level or they're not in a hurry and that would be totally fine if if that works for you the medium to higher carb though is probably not going to reverse anything and this would be for people who already have a high basic metabolic rate someone who has a low Homa I our score someone who is active and probably young it's a program to maintain rather than reverse and here you could eat anywhere from 20 to 50 percent depending on your situation depending on your genetics and and all these factors but you also if you're young and you do this and it works you probably want to keep a close eye on it because you can also develop insulin resistance over time because your body has a lot of resilience so it might take 20 years for it to break down so personally I would not go as high as 50 unless you're just extremely lean and you're you're wasting away but if you have sort of a normal weight you're reasonably active then I think you're gonna find your best range in the 50 to 100 grams so let me finish up with an example of how research can tell you the wrong things because there's a lot of fat phobia in in the world today and when people go low-carb they have to increase their fats they either increase their their fat in itself or they increase the fat through meats yet fatty meats but either way your fats are gonna go up and people are afraid of fats especially saturated fat but there's nothing wrong with these things the problem comes when they do what they call high fat research and they said we took these test subjects or these mice it could be in animals or people and they say we put them on a high-fat diet or even they might even say high fat low carb but they feed them 40% of calories from fat 20 from protein and 40 from car hydrate so this is not a high-fat diet and it's not a low-carb diet it's a terrible diet and if you had your home I are down below one you could probably get some great results for a long time on that diet but if you're the least bit insulin resistant then that 40% of carbohydrate is going to keep your insulin sky-high and if insulin is sky high you're still in storage mode and then you add 40 percent fat to that and now you're in trouble so you cannot eat a lot of high fat and high carb at the same time you got to pick one and if your insulin resistant then the high carb one low fat is not going to be your model if you're thin and you want to eat a lot of vegetables and you want to go low-fat high-carb you can probably get away with it for a while but you have to really watch that you're getting enough high quality fats in there to get your essential fatty acids but when they do research on insulin resistant people and they give them 40 percent of calories from carbohydrate they're gonna be jacking that insulin way way up and they're creating terrible trouble for that person so no wonder if they think that is what a high fat diet is then obviously they're gonna draw some bad conclusions about that these people are going to get very sick but it's not the fat that creates the problem it's the insulin please leave your comments and questions down below if you're new to the channel make sure you subscribe and hit that notification bell so we can keep this content coming your way and finally please share this with as many people as you can because there's a lot of people in trouble out there who don't understand the things we're talking about thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @drekberg [65 likes]: 🔷 Watch This Next: Lose Fat Fast Running vs Walking - Which Is Better? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoQ_Qt2REgQ&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR4_GTeg-fzBHLt_v_X-MOjr or Keto vs Fasting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzwxj9xJjao&list=PLpTTF6wMDLR4_GTeg-fzBHLt_v_X-MOjr
  2. @drunkhousecat [1 likes]: 1:13 is a tough watch
  3. @jonathanlee5185 [1 likes]: 👍Thanks for this very balanced explanation. 👍 Yep, as a tubby but active guy I was surprised to find that I already had metabolic flexibility (i.e. no Keto Flu when skipping carbs) as I started to try out a diet of more healthy fats and fewer staple carbs. Lost a lot of weight very easily.
  4. @jeffreyjourdonais298 [1 likes]: Trying keto on Mayo Clinic diet, but gallbladder removal twenty years ago. I’m trying to stay around 50gram carbs, maybe a little more. No more than 70.
  5. @CoffeeFartz [1 likes]: Keto or high fat really bogs me down to where I can’t even lose the weight, weight loss significantly becomes stubborn. Low carb and a prominent focus on protein is what helps me shed. My liver is clogged so I think fat focus like keto isn’t right for me.
  6. @alaskacpu [1 likes]: I still come back and re-watch your excellent videos!  I usually keep my carbs below 20 or even less.  But once in awhile I'll have a couple of pieces of toast with real butter and a tiny dribble of raw honey :face-blue-smiling:  That bumps my carbs to 45.  However, since I'm on OMAD - it appears not to effect my ketones at all.  My blood sugar is usually between 80 & 95. Thank You! :face-red-heart-shape:
  7. @zadigbalaban8359: Thanks dear Dr.
My question I am doing Keto and IF variable versions mostly 18/6 or 16/8 somethimes OMAD.
My labor was TG super normal , HDL high 57 LDL 147mg/dl and total Cholesterol 222...I am 47 with no known diseases actually my weight is 105 kg and high 184...that mean I need Diet to lose weight.
Would you advice me to continue the same way ? Would be advice me to take statin for my high LDL..thanks very much
  8. @jestork1: Thank you for all the information and encouragement presented in your videos.

 I am following a very low carb with moderate to fat diet combined with intermittent fasting: OMAD through the work week, two meals on the weekend and a four to five day fast a few times a year. I have lost around twenty pounds and am now hovering in the thirteen percent body fat level with subcutaneous fat around eleven point seven percent. With the dietary changes, being fairly active and doing HIIT exercises I am in the best shape of my life at nearly fifty eight. 

I have you (Dr. Ekberg), Dr. Berg, Dr. Jamnadas, and the Glucose Goddess to thank for helping me on the path to better health.
  9. @Perspectivemapper: several years later.. excellent info relevant even now.. 

though it misses to acknowledge the warning of low carb, non-keto diets which is perpetual elevated gluconeogenesis state which is catabolic for muscle and stressful for body.
  10. @RedfinRealtorCoastalNC: I like to do carnivore during the day to keep insulin low all day and have a bit of carbs at dinner. It's wonderful.
  11. @marushah364: I have been on a high-protein, high-fat diet for 6 months and have lost weight successfully. As a diabetic, I now want to maintain my weight and shift toward a more balanced, sustainable diet including healthy carbohydrates. I also have concerns about long-term effects of high protein intake on bone health and overall wellbeing. Kindly guide me on the best approach for my long-term health and diabetes management.”
  12. @SusanSlattery: Right. Eat fat with protein. Eat protein with carbs. Eat carbs alone. Never combine carbs with fat. And squat. A lot. Best time for a bowl of winter squash is in between weighted squats and deadlifts. Insulin is left scratching its proverbial head.
  13. @tommygold2044: What about Diet Coke or other diet soda? 🥤
  14. @donatelladepatre5695: For me a low carb  diet Is more sustainable. I keep carbo at about 80 grams😊
  15. @PatrickMcKenna-sx9nf: When you say something like 50 g of carbs, do you mean per meal or per day?
  16. @stefanreuter9626: This was so informative 👍👍
  17. @yodamaycry4838: There is literally no one perfect diet for everyone. What works for one may not be healthy for another. Try the diets to see what actually works for you, but keep yourself from the online ideology group think of any particular group. It's not a religion, it's just food. Do whatever works.
  18. @Grant6243: So I'm starting to reduce my carb intake and I'm slightly confused with macronutrient tracking. I see low carb is 50-100 grams, which is equal to 10-20% in the whiteboard example, but what's more important to look at, the % from caloric intake or overall grams? Like today I'm at 60 grams of carbs, 47 grams of fat, and 52 grams of protein....but in the caloric intake % pie chart it's 27% carb intake, 24% protein intake, and 49% fat intake. The other day was 45g carbs, 55g fat, 56g protein...which equated to 20%/55%/25% in caloric intake %. Since most of my caloric intake is coming from fat and not carbs, is that low carb? I'm new to this and don't really understand the significance between total grams vs caloric % of calories by macro.
  19. @roustabout583: What a waste of time
  20. @scottclarke2115: ❤❤ great show!!

- Ketones & Aging Science | Prof John Newman: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign is a professor at the buck Institute and at the University of California San Francisco he hopes to translate what we are learning over the pathways that control aging into therapies to improve the health and Independence of older adults and with that let me start the interview hello Dr Newman you are a professor at the Back Institute and also practice gerontology at UCSF so welcome to Modern Health span and thank you so much for joining us today thank you Richard it's great to be here looking forward to our chat so Dr Newman uh can you introduce yourself very briefly so you do have this dual role as both a researcher and a clinician so that would be really interesting to understand kind of what you're doing in those two roles uh yeah I'm a geriatrician physician scientist you're not going to meet too many folks like me um my uh so I do both clinical work I teach um I practice medicine I'm a geriatrician which means my practice focuses on the special needs and problems of older adults I'm actually mostly based in the hospital so I hope to take care of older adults when they're admitted to the hospital and we'd love to talk more about how that informs my science what problems I'm interested in and how I'm trying to to use basic science to create better tools to help older adults help them to stay independent and to live their lives as best they can um but I'm in I'm an old-fashioned physician scientist I my laboratory my research programs do everything from very basic science biochemistry uh through you know pre-clinical models uh mostly using mice into translational science trying to see if the stuff that we're studying in mice and test tubes is actually relevant in people um and trying to use what we've learned to better understand uh problems that are important to people and for me um you know that's all focused on Aging aging and geriatrics um and you know my my mission in life uh is to is to take every the incredible exciting science that we're learning about the basic mechanisms the biological mechanisms of why we age and try to translate that into a better understanding of the problems that affect us as we age and hopefully create new therapies for them especially the ones that are so difficult uh to understand and treat because they're so complicated geriatric syndromes like delirium that are a big focus of my lab um so I I do it all I do it all with a purpose uh you know Advance the science uh hopefully eventually influence clinical practice and help to train the next generation of folks so there's more people like me who can do this translational work so why Ketone bodies um Ketone bodies are are really interesting angle on on Aging biology and I can talk about why they're why are Ketone bodies related to aging um uh and I can tell you a bit about you know why the personal story why am I interested in Ketone bodies which is which is actually a bit of an accident uh kind of how do Scientific careers develop uh there's a lot of serendipity and um and coincidence involved um but Ketone bodies and aging um you know why is this this is interesting for several reasons uh your readers are probably familiar with some of the basic outlines of Aging biology I'm guessing um including the close relationship between mechanisms of aging and diet nutrition or or the patterns of nutrition so many of your listeners will know that the very first experiments that show that you could take a healthy animal in the laboratory rats in this case and make them live longer and and not just a little bit longer quite a bit longer like 30 40 percent longer um those experiments were first done almost 100 years ago and what is this you know this intervention this fantastic drug that made a healthy rat live longer it was eating less it was dietary restriction um now it's a little more complicated than that it's not just eating a little bit less it was eating a lot less it was eating almost to the edge of starvation but dietary restriction made rats live longer um and and now there's 100 Years of data and all sorts of organisms it's more complicated than it sounds but in general the most um the surest way to make an animal live longer is some form of dietary um we've learned though that it's not about eating less this is one of the most exciting Parts about aging science this video is brought to you by biooptimizes magnesium is a crucial mineral for hundreds of reactions in the body it impacts everything including sleep and muscle and bone health it is difficult to get sufficient magnesium through our food in our efforts to remain fit and healthy my wife and I frequently exercise after which it's important to recover well and get restful sleep help us with this we chose magnesium breakthrough from biooptimizer because it Blends all seven essential forms of magnesium into one effective supplement while also using all natural ingredients and being gluten soy and lactose free it has improved our recovery and Sleep Quality since we've been taking it and we are happy to tell you that by optimizers are offering a 10 discount for magnesium breakthrough two Modern House Fan audience just go to www.magnesianbreakfruit.com Modern or click on the link in the description to get a 10 discount with coupon code modern 10. thank you for your support it's not about eating less but we've researchers all over the world have been able to map out how nutrition signals into our bodies into our cells to control mechanisms that relate to aging it's all it's it's signals it's all regulated we can understand those Pathways and then we can intervene on them and understanding those Pathways things like like autophagy and proteostasis and amp K signaling these have actually led to the first generation of drugs that are in clinical trials to Target aging so it's all signals here's where Ketone bodies come in so anything that you do to you know to eat less to fast you know caloric restriction dietary restriction intermittent fasting time restricted feeding all these things that get at that nutrient signal bit in aging they mostly put your body in a state that makes Ketone bodies um now is that is that a coincidence does that just help us to survive fat we Ketone bodies help us to survive a fast you know we need them um but is that the only role that Ketone bodies have or is it more than a coincidence that in all these states that make animals live longer you're making Ketone bodies do they actually have a function are they part of the mechanism um and I think we're learning more and more that they might be part of the mechanism we know that Ketone bodies interact with aging biology in a number of interesting ways um and this is what my lab now mostly focuses on I'm sure we'll dive into it in more detail um you know our Ketone Bodies part of the mechanism through which fasting and dietary restriction affect aging can we understand that in detail exactly what do Ketone bodies do that relate to aging and how can we apply that to specific problems and diseases in aging like Alzheimer's disease or delirium or heart failure or others next can we take like a step back and just talk a little bit about keto metabolism yeah keto metabolism in general and certainly do want to dive into ketones and aging so can you talk a little bit about so why do we produce ketones and uh what are they used for when when they get produced Ketone bodies are one of the ways that our bodies use fats for fuel so one way to think about Ketone bodies is you know they are to fats what glucose is to carbohydrates they're really simple molecules your body makes them from much larger fat molecules but they're they're small they're simple they circulate in the blood and many different cells and tissues can burn them for energy so they're they're how our body accesses all of the energy that's stored in our fat um if you're fasting if you're starving you haven't eaten anything for days um where where's how do you survive that you know where do our bodies store energy you know we start with carbohydrates we have a little bit of glycogen um uh stored in our muscles and our livers but we burned through that pretty quickly most of the energy reserves in our body are in our fat Ketone bodies help us to access that and so they Keep Us Alive um when we're starving or during during a fast they also help to Keep Us Alive without having to uh to burn too much of our muscle to do so they Ketone bodies feed the brain so that we don't have to turn muscle into sugar to feed the brain that's thought to be the evolutionary reason why do Ketone bodies exist they help us to survive long periods without food and help help us to stay relatively strong while we're doing it but there are other aspects to Ketone bodies too you know we we make a lot of them when we're fasting but we make them all the time and our bodies are always making a little bit of them and and compared to other things in our other molecules in our blood there's actually quite a bit of Ketone bodies there always there's a lot more when you fast they're kind of unique among um among molecules in our bodies in in the range of normal is so wide uh because you can you can have 10 or 20 times more when you're fasting um so Ketone bodies are just part of normal life of our normal life um many of your readers might have encountered them in uh in another in maybe bad circumstances too you know a lot of us have heard of like ketoacidosis that's a bad thing um if you uh you know if you're if your body's control of Ketone bodies is totally out of whack uh you can't regulate them anymore because you don't have any insulin you're a type 1 diabetic um you can just get into you know you start making ketomize out of control and like anything out of control that's bad and can become life-threatening um so you know there's there's a dark side to Ketone bodies too if they're out of control but ketamines are also just part of normal life it's not a binary switch is what you're saying is that you can have both ketones and insulin and glucose in the blood at the same time so I guess it it's not like this metabolic switch where you just go from one to the other well in in normal physiology uh you know so not talking about type 1 diabetes in normal physiology these things are on kind of a seesaw so if you're eating a lot and you have lots of glucose coming in your body's making lots of insulin you're not making as much Ketone bodies you're always making some but you're not making very much uh then if the Seesaw flips if you're fasting you know your your blood glucose starts to drop you're starting to use your glycogen you're starting to make glucose you have very little insulin you're starting to make glucagon now you're now you start making more Ketone bodies so in general insulin and Ketone bodies are are on this kind of seesaw and we'll talk a bit later about um as that's that's normal physiology if that doesn't work that way that's when that's what type 1 diabetes is if you don't have any insulin ever in type 1 diabetes then your body doesn't know to stop making Ketone bodies and so it gets out of control we'll talk later about some of the interesting kind of new technology that's being developed to uh um to be able to take Ketone bodies um like a like a drug take them or like a food um you know instead of relying on your body to make them to essentially eat them which is an interesting approach to to try to study Ketone bodies um in humans to see if they they can affect these problems of Aging

  Top Comments:
  1. @rayyu8538 [5 likes]: Another great guest, Richard!  I'm very interested in this topic, looking forward to the rest of the series, thank you!
  2. @ScottChristensenabc [5 likes]: Refreshing to hear from a practicing gerontologist.  Far more interesting and credible to learn a practioner’s experience and thinking.  I know the usual benefits of ketones and ketosis but after listening to another podcaster and his guest discuss the rampant use of ketone esters in the pro cycling circuit I have a renewed interest. They do primarily use them pre race as a performance enhancer but a number of them use them pre bed as a means to heal and repair and lessen the impact of long term inflammation. As a plus 60 guy…that is fascinating.  Can’t wait to learn more.  Thanks, Richard
  3. @kgamer121 [3 likes]: Interesting video, but you didn't really get into how ketones effect aging...
  4. @ModernHealthspan [2 likes]: BiOptimizer Magnesium Break Through 10% Discount https://bit.ly/3O5tPfu
If you would like to support our channel, we’d love a coffee ☕…thank you! https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mhealthspan
Renue By Science 10% off NMN: https://tinyurl.com/4yrf4tv3
DoNotAge 10% NMN - Code MODERNHEALTHSPAN https://donotage.org/products/pure-nmn-capsules
NOVOS Core & NOVOS Boost https://novoslabs.com/?ref=3957 $5 off any purchase if users use code MODERN5
10% Discount off all ProHealth longevity products: https://tinyurl.com/269hzbt7
Bulletproof 15% off with coupon code: HEALTHSPAN15:  https://bulletproof.fdf2.net/c/3176409/551222/9221
Professor John Newman Playlist:https://tinyurl.com/4ymf4ruz
  5. @cougar1861 [2 likes]: How long a fast, at minimum, is required to result in ketone body formation?
  6. @olyav5819 [2 likes]: Great interview!
  7. @christophergray9227 [1 likes]: Love the topic.  One correction to note.  While gluconeogenesis does, in essence, convert protein to glucose; it does not get all that protein from muscle.  There are many sources of protein in your body.
  8. @ronm6585: Hi Richard.  Thanks.
  9. @rajbista1478: Nice!

- Long-Term Ketosis In Health & Lifespan | Prof John Newman Ep 2: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign so one of the things that I've definitely heard you know in where people talk about diets is a comment on the ketogenic dog is we don't know what long term ketogenesis looks like and how healthy that is what the impact of having ketones around for a long time so what kind of data do we have on long term ketogenesis or we're actually having good because I guess it's different having ketones in our blood for over the long term I can kind of summarize some of the science for you of course I'm a jury Christian I'm not a nutritionist so I don't I don't study diets in humans um but I've done some of some of the mouse work to try to answer that question at a more fundamental level yeah um and again the the two kind of um starting points for this are that you know ketamines are normal they're always around um the question is does having more of them help and over what time frame and in what contexts and this link to aging so so you know if you're if if you're a mouse in the laboratory and your dietary restricted and you're going to live a long time and you're going to make lots of Ketone bodies during that time uh so you know are the Ketone Bodies part of that or are they a bystander um or are they something bad that the rest of calorie restriction is offsetting so uh this is so you know kind of surprising this is a pretty recent question um you know what's the role of Ketone bodies in aging um even in the laboratory about oh it's been a while now almost 10 years ago um when I first got interested in Ketone bodies uh as a scientist I wanted to answer exactly that question um you know could you separate Ketone bodies from dietary restriction or fasting um at the time uh what seemed like the best tool to do that in the laboratory was to use a ketogenic diet as you were talking about so what is a ketogenic diet ketogenic diet is a way of sort of tricking your body to think it's fasting from the perspective of making Ketone bodies um so what what a key occasionic diet is not not a single thing it's it's a pattern of eating where you're not eating very much carbohydrates that's kind of the key less carbohydrates lower insulin and instead eating a lot of fat a lot of fat this gets really interesting and like the if you look at the stuff we were feeding the mice uh because carbohydrates and Insulin are so low the body the mouse or the person uh will turn that fat a lot of it into Ketone bodies so you're not short on calories you got plenty of energy but uh but your body's making a lot of Ketone bodies that's that's the core idea of what is a ketogenic diet it's a in a mouse so so we decided to use this as a tool to try to answer the uh you know without dietary restriction without calorie restriction with plenty of energy would mice live longer or be healthier if there were lots of Ketone bodies around on a ketogenic diet um so I did that experiment I put some mice some normal mice on ketogenic diets and saw what happened this video is brought to you by buy optimizers magnesium is a crucial mineral for hundreds of reactions in the body it impacts everything including sleep and muscle and bone health it is difficult to get sufficient magnesium through our food in our efforts to remain fit and healthy my wife and I frequently exercise after which it's important to recover well and get restful sleep help us with this we chose magnesium breakthrough from biooptimizer because it Blends all seven essential forms of magnesium into one effective supplement while also using all natural ingredients and being gluten soy and lactose free it has improved our recovery and Sleep Quality since we've been taking it and we are happy to tell you that by optimizers are offering a 10 discount for magnesium breakthrough two Modern House Fan audience just go to www.magnesianbreakfruit.com Modern or click on the link in the description to get a 10 discount with coupon code modern 10. thank you for your support um that took five or six years to do five or six years in this sentence uh and and there were some idiosyncrasies of how to do an experiment in mice along the way like humans famously lose weight on ketogenic diets they're actually a pretty effective short-term therapy for obesity mice not the case uh mice love eating ketogenic diets they will gain weight on it so we have to figure out how to keep them from gaining weight um because a mouse that became really obese eating a ketogenic diet spoiler alert does not live as long as a normal Mouse it's like but if but what if we could keep them normal weight so we figured out how to do that um and I compared it to a similar high fat diet that had just enough carbohydrates to keep them from making too much Ketone bodies the mice uh the mice lived longer they uh they they were more likely to survive to be old mice than mice on a normal diet a high carbohydrate diet and in some ways uh in some quantitative ways that we could measure they seemed healthier so we did all sorts of um cognitive and physical strength testing on the mice and you know nothing's a miracle not everything was better but their memory was clearly better and when we added up all of the different things that we did and turned it into an aging index you know mice age their their function declines slowly but it declined less uh it declined more slowly declined less when they were on the ketogenic diet so they they seemed like they were healthier as they aged two um I have to admit that was a little that was a little surprising um you know like you had alluded to no one had really studied ketogenic diets for an entire mouse's lifespan before and it wasn't obvious that this would be a good thing for them um but they were but they were healthier science is all about replication though you know you do an experiment one way you get a certain result uh can someone else get a similar result or was there something I did that was uh you know idiosyncratic um well it turned out that there was actually another group at uh just up the highway in California University of California Davis um who are interested in in ketogenic diets for other reasons they they weren't aging researchers at the time so much but they were also curious how occasionic diet would affect a mouse's lifespan so they were actually doing a really similar lifespan study um using pretty similar diets at the same time I was doing it we wound up finishing our experiments kind of in synchrony um and they got wound up being published um back to back in a in a journal and their results were pretty similar to mine they saw that mice on the ketogenic diet lived longer once you made sure they didn't get obese um and they were healthier in measurable ways including their memory um so that that was a real I think turning point and the scientific understanding of of Ketone bodies long term um but we're still not sure exactly why that is and and in the laboratory world this is currently The Cutting Edge of science so kagenic diet over the long in the right circumstances can be good for a mouse why uh we know there's such close links between insulin and and carb and metabolism and Longevity already your some of your readers may remember that the very first longevity genes ever described uh in in worms 30 Years Ago by Cynthia Kenyon uh it was the worm version of the insulin receptor centenarians uh tend to have Gene variants in their insulin and igf signaling pathways so you know ketogenic diet dramatically affects insulin so maybe that's all there is to it um you know maybe it's not so much the Ketone bodies themselves we both tried to get at this by using diets that were very carbohydrate restricted but had just enough to not make Ketone bodies and they didn't work as well they may have worked a little bit but not as well as a ketogenic diet so it wasn't just the carbohydrate restriction but we still know if it was really just the Ketone bodies we didn't have the technology at the time to just feed mice um now we do though and and this is now the the next big question to answer um if you could you know set aside ketogenic diet for a moment if you could just give mice just Ketone bodies um in their food almost pharmacologically otherwise eating a normal diet then would they still be healthier as they age are ketomati is really part of this mechanism That's The Cutting Edge of of experiments in the laboratory right now and also I think The Cutting Edge of experiments in people yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @annemuller4499 [7 likes]: I start to see your video and recognize at once:  you look definitely younger! Congratulations, your actions work!  😊
  2. @ModernHealthspan [1 likes]: BiOptimizer:
BiOptimizer Magnesium Break Through 10% Discount https://bit.ly/3O5tPfu
If you would like to support our channel, we’d love a coffee ☕…thank you! https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mhealthspan
Renue By Science 10% off all products: https://tinyurl.com/4yrf4tv3  
Also 20% of NMN https://tinyurl.com/3wr8pr3t Apigenin https://tinyurl.com/3esd726x with Coupon 239752 until Nov 12 2022
DoNotAge 10% NMN - Code MODERNHEALTHSPAN https://donotage.org/products/pure-nmn-capsules
NOVOS Core & NOVOS Boost https://novoslabs.com/?ref=3957 $5 off any purchase if users use code MODERN5
10% Discount off all ProHealth longevity products: https://tinyurl.com/269hzbt7
Bulletproof 15% off with coupon code: HEALTHSPAN15:  https://bulletproof.fdf2.net/c/3176409/551222/9221
Professor John Newman Playlist:https://tinyurl.com/4ymf4ruz
  3. @patnewson6908 [1 likes]: I can’t be bothered listening to experiments with mice when there are so many people on keto diet.
  4. @ahavahyisrael [1 likes]: Inuit and many indigenous peoples eat animal fats and meats and very little carbs
  5. @ahavahyisrael [1 likes]: Mice do not eat fat and meat in nature. They eat grain and grass
  6. @2piecesofwood1pieceofrope [1 likes]: IDK. I’ve seen data where there is diminished cognition in humans on a Keto diet. The science is all over the place. Thank you
  7. @sparklingsake4908 [1 likes]: I enjoy  this interview series, thank you Richard & Prof. Newman!
  8. @Battery-kf4vu: What kind of fat do they feed the mice?
  9. @davidchung1697: I''m being a bit of negative Nancy here ... 

If one takes a look at Walter Longo's studies, for health improvements, fasting and feeding go together. Fasting by itself is destructive - and feeding by itself is obesogenic. Only when one combines fasting with feeding in a balanced way can one detect clear signs of health improvements. 

Ketogenic diet emulates only one facet of the fasting-feeding cycle. Hence, I'm pretty skeptical of claims of benefits from ketogenic diet by itself. Even in the above study  mentioned in the video - the experimenters didn't use a pure ketogenic diet but one that combines a ketogenic diet with a "regular diet" to prevent mice from dying of obesity. This is a flaw in the study if the aim was to evaluate the effects of the ketogenic diet only - although the professor made it sound as if his approach was a "solution" to get around a lab issue. 

I took a look at most recent publications on mice lifespan and ketogenic diets - real life extension is not significant at all in those studies.. There is an increase in health span. - but nothing to write home about.
  10. @CuriosityLabFilms: Thx Richard for this intresting video.
I would just mention this study :
"Plant-Based and Ketogenic Diets As Diverging Paths to Address Cancer"
July 7, 2022
Evidence supports plant-enriched diets vs KD for the reduction of cancer risk and the improvement of metabolic disorders in survivors.
  11. @js401: Thanks!
  12. @ronm6585: Thank you.
  13. @christophergray9227: For people, it has been known for a very long time that a ketogenic diet can cure childhood epilepsy.  Lookup "Charlie Abrahams".  It is a true story about how the American medical standard of care is based on making profits and not curing people.  Medical companies make more money from managing a disease, rather than curing a disease.  Unfortunately, that is the Standard of Care in many instances.  Luckily, Charlie was cured of his epilepsy thru a strict keto diet.  His father was told that Charlie would never be normal and live a shorter life.  Charlie is 30 now.  No issues due to the epilepsy he had as a child.  The Charlie Foundation was setup to spread his story and ensure people knew about the keto diet for childhood epilepsy.

- Ketones & The Aging Brain | Prof John Newman Ep 5: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign talking about ketones in the brain can we can we talk a little bit more about that so the the brain famously can use glucose but can also use ketones and is kind of is are ketones a preferred source of fuel oh the the brain famously can use both and this is thought to be the evolutionary basis for why we have a ketogenic system at all the brain can't use fatty acids for energy directly it can only use Ketone bodies but it can use either glucose or Ketone bodies so if there's not a lot of glucose around if we're fasting it can switch to using Ketone bodies instead of needing more glucose because the brain is kind of the one thing in our bodies that uh you know that we can't shut down so if you're starving you got to feed your brain one way or the other the rest of the body will sacrifice itself to keep your brain fed and specifically you will use Muscle to make glucose to keep your brain fed um but the fact our brains can use Ketone bodies helps to offset that so instead of having to use all our muscle very quickly to make glucose instead we can tap those fat stores and we have a lot of energy stored in our fat and our brain can can live a long time on on that energy in the form of Ketone bodies it always needs a little bit of glucose but if you starve for you know a few days it can actually switch to mostly using Ketone bodies for energy um now the the brain is kind of agnostic you know so different different cells different tissues have different preferences for glucose or Ketone bodies you'd think that this is stuff that we would have learned 100 years ago but this is actually kind of Cutting Edge stuff um and we're really picking it apart cell type by cell type heart cells it turns out love Ketone bodies heart muscle cells they will they will pluck Ketone bodies out of the bloodstream uh and use them uh instead of using glucose um the brain is more agnostic it'll use whatever is there if there's Ketone bodies there it'll use Ketone bodies it'll use glucose too it'll use them both um muscle is kind of the other end of the spectrum muscle you really have to kind of push Ketone bodies into muscle uh skeletal muscle for muscle to use lots of Ketone bodies but the brain will use both where this gets interesting in a in a potentially therapeutic point of view is where the brain can't use glucose efficiently anymore and this is a common feature in aging and in diseases of Aging that affect the brain um so most famously in Alzheimer's disease you know we uh we can visualize the effect of Alzheimer's diseases on the brain by looking at glucose uptake and we see glucose uptake you know dropping in areas of the brain that are affected by Alzheimer's disease we know there's a profound relationship between the ability of the brain to generate energy from glucose and the cognitive impairment that comes with Alzheimer's disease this video is brought to you by biooptimizes magnesium is a crucial mineral for hundreds of reactions in the body it impacts everything including sleep and muscle and bone health it is difficult to get sufficient magnesium through our food in our efforts to remain fit and healthy my wife and I frequently exercise after which it's important to recover well and get restful sleep to help us with this we chose magnesium breakthrough from biooptimizer because it Blends all seven essential forms of magnesium into one effective supplement while also using all natural ingredients and being gluten soy and lactose free it is improved our recovery and Sleep Quality since we've been taking it and we are happy to tell you that by optimizers are offering a 10 discount for magnesium breakthrough two Modern Health span audience just go to www.magnesiumbreakfruit.com Modern or click on the link in the description to get a 10 discount with coupon code modern 10. thank you for your support so that's that's been one of the motivations for studying Ketone bodies as far as we know the same changes don't happen with Ketone bodies the the brain can continue to use them even as its ability to use glucose drops so maybe if we you know expose the brain to more Ketone bodies feed to Ketone bodies maybe that'll help offset the the energy deficits in Alzheimer's disease it's a really interesting hypothesis um it's being tested now in in what are still small clinical trials of ketogenic diets and exogenous ketones um you know and we don't have a great answer yet it's still too early um but it's a really interesting idea the same thing may happen in Delirium the geriatric syndrome that my lab studies um delirium is an acute confusional state that happens especially to people when they're really sick in the hospital it's not dementia it's not Alzheimer's disease it gets better it can reverse but it's almost like a temporary version of that um you know if you're if you have bad covid in the Intensive Care Unit you're on a ventilator odds are you're going to get really confused this is delirium part of the pathophysiology of delirium similar to Alzheimer's disease is energy metabolism drops glucose metabolism drops in certain areas of the brain the difference is that when the delirium resolves the brain gets better Alzheimer's disease unfortunately doesn't get better but I'm interested in Ketone bodies and delirium for the same reason you know maybe this is a way that we could help to feed the brain in a different way I think it's going to turn out to be more complicated than that but this is this is part of the whole idea of um of how our our body's use of energy changes as we age changes in certain diseases and could Ketone bodies be a part of either how our own bodies help to compensate for that or how we could design new Therapeutics yeah that would that would be interesting whether we should all go around drinking MCT um so Keith so very briefly you talked about ketones as signaling model molecules and I would like to talk a little bit about that I mean is is it essentially a like a fasting mimetic or is it more complicated than that it's covering other areas it may be part of that you know again fasting ketogenic diet these are very physiologically complicated things uh but you can start to break them down into Pathways and mechanisms um and I mentioned earlier this so far seems like it's been very fruitful in generating targets and drugs to lead into clinical trials for which the whole idea is to kind of Leverage and amplify certain parts of fasting and dietary restriction and use it to Target aging broadly in the clinic rapamycin Tor Inhibitors generally are a great example of that so has metformin um so that's that's where make that's where Ketone bodies may fit in you know it's not fasting in a pill it's not none of these are fasting and appeal none of these are dietary restriction in a pill Ketone bodies exogenous ketones are not a ketogenic diet in a pill but it's part of it it's part of the biology that these more complicated things create in us and if it turns out that that's the relevant part of the biology for a particular purpose like helping the brain function better as we age or helping the failing Hearts to pump more efficiently um or helping to prevent diseases of Aging like like diabetes and osteoporosis and Alzheimer's disease um you know then that's that's the therapeutic promise that we could capture specific bits of these things and turn them into translatable therapies that could be very widely used that's the hope of geroscience

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsScrubs [2 likes]: Will the next Dr. Katcher update come in December?
  2. @CuriosityLabFilms [2 likes]: Thx Prof. Newman and Richard  for all these Infos.This shows why Alzheimer's is often seen as brain diabetes.
  3. @ModernHealthspan [1 likes]: BiOptimizer Magnesium Break Through 10% Discount https://bit.ly/3O5tPfu
If you would like to support our channel, we’d love a coffee ☕…thank you! https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mhealthspan
Renue By Science 10% off all products: https://tinyurl.com/4yrf4tv3  Also 20% of NMN https://tinyurl.com/3wr8pr3t Apigenin https://tinyurl.com/3esd726x until Nov 12/2022 with coupon code 239752
DoNotAge 10% NMN - Code MODERNHEALTHSPAN https://donotage.org/products/pure-nmn-capsules
NOVOS Core & NOVOS Boost https://novoslabs.com/?ref=3957 $5 off any purchase if users use code MODERN5
10% Discount off all ProHealth longevity products: https://tinyurl.com/269hzbt7
Bulletproof 15% off with coupon code: HEALTHSPAN15:  https://bulletproof.fdf2.net/c/3176409/551222/9221
Professor John Newman Playlist:https://tinyurl.com/4ymf4ruz
  4. @CarolynEubanks-gb5cg: Is it possible to get enough coconut oil from capsules to reverse alzheimers?
  5. @goldies6702: very interesting discussion, I am hypothesizing that fasting may be more beneficial for aging compared to only ketone bodies due to the added benefits of autophagy and stem cell production
  6. @williamtomkiel8215: interesting but sketchy wrt valid take home points .  
other perspective> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7jMV4YlHgU
  7. @madison1446: How does one ~ push Ketones into the muscles? So that the muscles would use ketones for energy.
  8. @andrewchoi5808: Defeat human aging process
Cure aging, diseases, old age and death 
Achieve Future Immortality, longevity, anti aging and age reversal 
Make world and humanity 100% age related disease free, anti death and immortal utopian future
  9. @ronm6585: Thanks Richard.

- Interview with Aging Researcher and MHS Keynote Speaker, Dr. John Newman!: Kind: captions Language: en hi it's Victoria field co-host of metabolic health summit 2020 thank you so much for joining me today we have such a special guest in the room his name is dr. John neuen and he is our keynote speaker for our 20/20 conference he's also an assistant professor at the buck Institute for research on Aging as well as a geriatrician at UC San Francisco and San Francisco VA and his research at buck Institute specifically focuses on the molecular details of diet and fasting and how they regulate genes and pathways that in turn control aging something that affects all of us he's got a specific interest though in the ketone body beta-hydroxybutyrate and its molecular signaling activities so I'm so thrilled to introduce to you today dr. John Newman a Victorian hi everyone out there pleasure to be here I'm so excited to dive into this with you today so let's talk let's kind of bring it back a little bit and talk about how this all started for you with this interest in ketones and aging specifically yeah and so Vickery so I come at this from an aging angle which is going to be maybe a little bit different from some folks in your audience and it kind of all starts with with this long history we know of how nutrition metabolism and aging are very closely linked this is one of the well first of all some of your readers may be surprised to hear that aging is a is a scientific discipline you can study that the molecular mechanisms of why and how we age and and we can learn about the genes that regulate and modulate how we age and and even how to intervene on the mechanisms of aging and even that interventions that target mechanisms of aging are in clinical trials right now so aging is a really exciting field to be in and one of the pillars of aging biology is is how it's so closely intertwined with nutrition and metabolism and that's that's where I come introduce to ketone bodies as these really interesting molecules that you know just happened to be Purdue by our own body when we fast if we eat less if we exercise if we you know although all the buzz words out there about dietary restriction and calorie restriction intermittent fasting and time restricted feeding these are all things that are are increasingly studied for their effects on Aging mechanisms and ketone bodies are made during most of them so I got into this area just being curious about the idea of our ketone bodies just there because we need them to help us survive when we're fasting or is actually part of the biology are they part of why fasting has effects on ourselves and effects on our organs and effects on mechanisms of aging and of course I'll tell all you folks out there and as I'll talk about during the summit you know I think that ketone bodies are one of the one of the molecular mechanisms that's that's sort of translates the the health benefits of fasting and dietary restriction and all these and exercise and all these things that we study and I'm particularly focused on how ketone bodies do that themselves how they manipulate enzymes and pathways and bind to things and and act in many ways like like drugs in our own bodies to affect mechanisms of aging and health it's pretty incredible work that you're doing or where do you see this in terms of where you want to go in the future I know when it comes to the care and sort of when it comes to the care and of adult patients like you see this specifically and you have a specific mission when it comes to this in your research where do you see this going for you yeah I'm really grounded in being a geriatrician you know geriatricians is part of my identity Who I am so geriatricians our doctors often internal medicine doctors and sometimes family practice doctors who specialize in the unique complex problems of older adults and I've just found this to be an incredibly important and difficult and challenging and and satisfying area of medicine and one of the things that is a little challenging about it is is that aging is really complicated biologically and so the problems that affect older adults are often equally complicated it's never just one thing it's always lots of things coming together to cause a big problem like like a fall and a hip fracture or like I spend most of my time clinically working in the hospital trying to keep older adults safe while they're in the hospital and prevent prevent problems that sometimes we as doctors can contribute to in the hospital so keep older folks safe and as well as possible while they're healing from whatever it is that landed them in the hospital in the first place and some of these these problems like delirium an acute a sudden confusion that can happen to older folks in the hospital many of many of you listeners may have seen an older relative who is affected by delirium these are complicated biological problems it's not the sort of thing that you know we it's not like treating an infection with an antibiotic you know we need to understand everything about Aging in an individual that makes them susceptible to these problems and figure out what's causing a problem like the acute confusion in the brain of delirium and then figure out better ways to treat it and I hope that's that mechanisms of Aging and things like like ketone bodies that can modulate mechanisms of aging that can help to support energy functions that may be declining with age can help to affect cellular pathways and inflammation that may be changing with age that these may be you know unique ways to create new therapies to help with these complex problems of older adults that's why I am in this that's why I'm in this field you know I want better tools new tools to help to prevent delirium and treat frailty and and help older folks which is all of us stay healthy and independent as long as we can absolutely I mean it affects all of us it's not just you know older adults or something we'll all go through as we age so this is important to everybody and if we can utilize things like diet and fasting to help you know maybe push off some of the things that we just see as oh it's part of old age but you know this could be a pretty powerful thing and as I'm sure I know I'm preaching to the choir balance why you're so excited about it which is really great and you know if you could talk a little bit about some of your specific research with ketone bodies and what you know an area of interest you might find particularly fascinating and what you've done yeah so when I first started out in the science of Aging with my mentor Eric Burton who also works here at the buck Institute and we were looking at ketone bodies we got into ketone bodies because we found that you know it seemed like I know this isn't really the case and ever you know but it but it seemed like ketone bodies were mostly thought of as energy you know something that your cells your body makes to burn fat and yourselves use them to make energy to do whatever cells need to do but we found this really interesting drug-like effect of a beta hydroxy butyrate specifically that it inhibits a really important class of enzymes in all of our cells that control gene expression these are called histone deacetylases and drugs that inhibit histone deacetylases are very powerful drugs and they're even some that that are in clinical use for certain kinds of cancers for example so this is a this is you know really powerful biology that beta hydroxy butyrate is is manipulating in all of our cells you know every time we fast every time we exercise and make ketone bodies so it really got our imaginations going me and Eric about you know what why do ketone why does beta hydroxy butyrate have this really powerful drug like effect on gene expression what does it mean biologically you know what does that mean for the effects of ketone bodies on health and what else do ketone bodies do that we don't know about yet so my lab now is focusing on on studying all these different things that beta hydroxy butyrate might do that affect the aging brain so part of that is supporting energy in the aging brain of course but also part of that is is how do ketone bodies and beta-hydroxybutyrate affect gene expression through inhibiting deacetylases or through other through other means like beta-hydroxybutyrate we now know through the work of a great scientist at the University of Chicago combined directly to the proteins that DNA wraps around so there's a bunch of ways in which beta-hydroxybutyrate affects our gene expression and then there's some great work from deep Dixit at Yale who showed how beta-hydroxybutyrate can affect inflammation and affect how our immune cells decide whether to become activated and inflamed or not all these things might be relevant to the aging brain not just how does our memory changes we get older but also how does the Aging in our brain affect our susceptibility to something like Alzheimer's disease you know Alzheimer's disease mostly doesn't happen in young people it's it's a problem of the aging brain it happens in the context of the aging brain and mean we can understand what it is about the aging brain that makes it susceptible to Alzheimer's disease and how ketone bodies through a bunch of these different effects might change that so my lab is trying to really understand this in a very detailed way by using not just by using various models in the laboratory cells and animals and using different diets but also using a variety of chemicals by which we can kind of pick out just this function of ketone bodies or just that function of ketone bodies and really try to learn you know exactly how it is that ketone bodies are having these effects on the aging brain and the hope is that if we really understand at a deep level you know what exactly is it that beta hydroxy butyrate is doing - for example help affect Alzheimer's risk then we can turn that into therapies we can hopefully create very targeted therapies that can be targeted to just the people that need them and just in the context just in the way that they need it and capture some of that benefit of of ketone bodies that's pretty incredible you know I one thing I'm so curious of as you've worked this for some time now how has this changed your life personally because this is we're talking about things you know something I know this is a big loaded question but I'm so curious if you don't mind sharing connected your life personally in terms of diet and fasting if at all I mean you know there's obviously still much to learn right in this ever-expanding area of Aging what would you say to that well this is this is one of the fun things about this field right we talked about you know detailed molecular mechanisms and genes and molecules and all that but we're also talking about things that are normal part of our everyday life right I know I probably sound like in that last bit like I you know I want to find the key to home emetic drug to target just this thing and I think that's important to go that way to make sure that we can you know help the most people who need it but you can you can you know manipulate this powerful biology yourself by fasting for a day we're trying a ketogenic diet so it's it's a really fun area of science because it's it's it's relevant to all of our everyday lives and and know we might you know kind of get more more medical about how to apply it in a specific disease context it's also interesting to think about how you know everyone how it might change the way all of us think about how we live our everyday lives and if and if this should be a part of that and it has kind of changed a little bit the way that I think about the way I live my everyday life you know and it's it's definitely learning more about about ketone body biology first of all kind of helped change my relationship to cut the fats you know it is still common it still kind of common wisdom there like fats are the enemy in fact it's weird for you and but it's definitely kind of opened my horizons a little bit in thinking about well you know maybe in the right context that's actually aren't bad for you and maybe you know it's a it's actually part of a normal healthy physiology to be burning fats from time to time and I guess I've incorporated that a little bit into my daily life and my own food choices I definitely eat more avocados and these days and I should confess because I'm sure your readers will ask I've never really tried a ketogenic diet in part because I really like sweets that's true that's true although my one of the really fun bits of of some of the laboratory mouse experiments I did was showing that necessarily need eating a big tall item to get health effects from that so maybe there's hope for my cake ways you can induce obviously a state of ketosis right fasting is a pretty powerful thing so that's great I mean you're you know it's something that if you don't maybe necessarily want to follow a strict ketogenic diet you could implement periods of fasting and maybe get some of the same benefit which is really into you this is also a fun thing that that's kind of come from the science you know so many Aging about so many people study the science of how of how kind of the fasting metabolism alcohol it affects affects aging it's incredibly powerful and not just ketone bodies but talking about target of rapamycin tor and notify gene ampk and and these things are leading towards drug development and clinical trials but it's all just fat it's the fasting metabolism but you can do that in all sorts of different ways and you can do experiments in the laboratory to show that yeah it's sort it doesn't matter how you do it you know fasting for shorter or longer more or less strict you know may be a key agent diet all these different daily caloric restriction all these different all these are all different kind of patterns of eating that all get it the same kind of underlying core of putting our bodies in more of a fasting metabolic state and and that pretty clearly has has health benefits in the laboratory increasingly starting to generate clinical data that this is this has health benefits for people to in different contexts absolutely yeah now thank you for sharing that I appreciate it it's really interesting how the ketogenic - a diet has sort of evolved in terms of its medical application I mean you know what thought you what they used to think that you would have to follow - for seizure control for instance over time has changed to where you know you might be able to follow a modified ketogenic diet and still get some of the same effect so it's pretty interesting how its evolved over time what areas are you gonna be specifically topic or cover on in terms of topics at metabolic house I'm at 20/20 I know aging is such a vast area but it affects all of us and we're so excited for you to kind of dive into this but if you could explain a little bit about where you're gonna go with it yeah I'm gonna try to cover two broad themes so so one is the aging angle so how what is the relationship between ketone bodies and and aging biology and mechanisms of aging and I'll share with your with our listeners and our viewers about some of the work that's been done in the laboratory now me and and other labs all around the country that look at the effects of K genic diet and ketone bodies on on aging on longevity on age-related conditions and diseases on health span and you know more specifically on the aging brain and then why is that so you know and not just a little bit about the framing of ketone bodies as one of these mechanisms of the fasting metabolism but also getting into the weeds a little bit on this whole idea of ketone bodies as signaling molecules and so I'll I'll give everyone hopefully a nice understandable overview of a kind of state-of-the-art what we know so far about ketone bodies beta-hydroxybutyrate n acetoacetate as signaling molecules as as drug like molecules you know that have direct effects on enzymes and proteins and pathways and what that means for aging and longevity and health span and what it means for health and disease to absolutely well we could not be looking forward more to your presentation coming up at metabolic el cement it's such an important topic and you're really on the cutting edge when it comes to research on aging specifically and I'm very much looking forward to it myself because this is a topic that affects all of us so thank you for participating in the conference coming up here in January well you're too kind I'm happy to play a small role just as I play a very small role in this field and in many ways I'm a newcomer to this field and I'm looking forward to learning so much from everyone else at the meeting about about elements of ketogenic diet and ketone bodies that I don't know about yet but I'll tell your listeners you know from from the perspective of a physician scientist it's a really exciting time I think to be in the area of the science of ketone bodies and ketogenic diets clinical trials are just blooming I think because we're having a better and better idea of of what sorts of clinical contexts ketone bodies and ketogenic diets will be helpful in as I'm sure some folks that the meeting will talk about we're developing more and more tools for how to translate these things into different kinds of interventions you know Cajun diets and fasting this quality of exhaustion is ketones which is really exciting and we're now that we're learning more and more about the biology and this the biology keto my is just exploding in the last 10 years and and that really helps inform how we use them clinically you know what are the molecular effects were we're looking for what are the biomarkers we're gonna use how we're gonna know if things are working and this is all feeding back on itself and I think really making this an incredible time for the science of ketone bodies absolutely and that's why we're so passionate about bringing all of these people together these great minds because the collaboration that happens and what we sort of all learn from each other and where this is headed is key on that that's sort of working together mentality and so we couldn't be more excited to have you as part of that because this is such a big area of all of our lives and it's so important so think for your important work and you know like you sort of mentioned and the interesting part of this is just really being able to take some of this research and applying it in the real world which is sort of you know essentially what you're setting us up to be able to do and that's what the goal is of metabolic ultimate to really bridge that gap between this incredible research that's happening on the front lines and the real world so could not be more excited if you would like to attend metabolic Health Summit you're watching this visit metabolic health summit calm you can learn more about dr. John Newman there is a link on our website on his photo and definitely check out his important work dr. Newman thank you so much for joining me today and going through what we're gonna be covering in 2020 my pleasure looking forward to the summit all right thank you guys for watching bye everyone

  Top Comments:
  1. @imstevemcqueen: Great interview, Dr. Jeff Volek would be a great one too!!
  2. @imstevemcqueen: Great interview, Dr. Jeff Volek would be a great one also!

- John Newman: Kind: captions Language: en but a minute or so hi everyone I can see folks are joining today's webinar welcome welcome we will get started at the top of the hour welcome to those who are just signing on for today's webinar I'm Chris rebel oh we will start at the top of the hour so we'll start soon just to confirm the always well and we're streaming you're good to go hi everyone and welcome to our fourth webinar focused on the Cova 19 pandemic I'm Chris Rebelo I'm the director of communications here at the buck Institute for research on Aging and I'll be moderating today's conversation with dr. John Newman John is on the faculty here at the buck he is also a practicing geriatrician he cares for patients at the San Francisco VA hospital so today we talked about how the coded 19 pandemic is impacting people in particular older adults as always we encourage you to be an active participant in this session you should see a chat widget at the bottom right of your screen please use that feature if you'd like to pose a question for dr. Newman I'll try to get to as many as I can John thank you so much for being here today and taking the time to be with us um you work at the VA hospital fortunately for all of us and for you you have not been as busy as you were prepared to be what's what's the situation that's right Chris and hi everybody at home thanks for thanks for tuning in if you had asked me six weeks ago what would I be doing on May 4th I would I would not have guessed that would be sitting in my kitchen talking to you in my socks and I am so happy to be able to do this because of what that reflects about what the state of the pandemic is here in the Bay Area locally which is that you've you're you at home you've probably been hearing people talking about how we've we've flattened the curve in the Bay Area and you've even heard some doctors talking about smashing the curve and hammering the curve and we've done an outstanding job here in the Bay Area of making this of avoiding the worst case and my my personal on-the-ground view of that is you know six weeks ago we were all signing up for our emergency surgeries I wound up doing a of extra work in the hospital last six weeks not to take care of coma patients but to take care of everyone else so that other doctors could focus on on building out the respiratory care teams and the specialists code units and the screening clinics and all of them expansion of capabilities that we've been doing over the last six weeks but still we were all expecting the surge to come sooner or later and we all thought that by now we would all be taken care of Cobra patients and it's such such good news for the Bay Area that that hasn't happened hasn't happened yet because of you and not just not just you Chris but all of you listening in the Bay Area every one of you because of what you've done and not done in the last six weeks you know collectively as a community we we beat back this virus for now so I think I think every one of us should be proud of the part that we played in doing that especially if your part was was just staying home and just you know wearing masks and physically distancing yourself thank you for protecting all of us and helping us to be really an example here in the Bay Area of of what we all could have done in the first stages of this pandemic so you and I have talked that we are probably entering phase two of this panic at least locally I mean there are there some places that are way opening up their their governments their communities the Bay Area is taking a slower approach so how long do you think how long are we in for here and if you have any advice for those of us who are of a certain age who might have to hang in a little bit more carefully than others oh this is we should celebrate the good news and celebrate our success but we should also remember that this is just the beginning it's not the beginning of the end it's the end of the beginning that we're approaching and we are I think coming into Phase two and here in the Bay Area and here in California we're in a good position to start to think about Phase two much better off than other places in other areas the country or there's the world but phased who is going to look pretty different I mean in a lot of ways phase one was kind of simple you know we have to stop the spread we have to stop this exponential growth we all need to distance ourselves and stay home in a way it was very black and white very very straightforward but we all had to do phase two is going to be much greater and much more challenging in a lot of ways a lot more complicated we're all gonna have to it's gonna be different region by region it's gonna be different individual by individual and we'll talk about some of that and it's gonna go on for a while so you know we we now need to kind of dig in for the long haul we knock the virus back but we have a long way to go until it's until it passes so phase two when you think is gonna be getting ready for you know if we started off with a sprint and now we're getting ready for the marathon so advice to folks who want to do the best things for themselves and for their community during this phase to beginning of the long haul yeah I think start to so you know isolating ourselves and sheltering in place and not seeing our families and often not going to the doctor and and often not leaving the house this has been really hard for all of us and it's still gonna be really hard as we move into the long haul and I think now is now is a good time well especially while we're still sheltering in place here in the Bay Area to start to think about planning out for the long haul because we can do just about anything for a month right and we can do anything for six weeks or eight weeks but if we're now thinking about a year you know what what is our life gonna look like over the next year and how can we arrange our lives especially if you're an older adult especially if you're at a higher risk for really getting hurt by this virus how can you how can you put together ways to to keep your life in order and keep yourself healthy and keep yourself sane but also keep yourself safe for four months to two a year or more so now is the time to really start putting together those plans as we're moving from the Sprint into the marathon so um I know you and I have talked about physical activity is important emotional connection is important what should people be doing yeah everything everything that's so important to our health and our lives is exactly the sort of thing that gets curtailed when we're trying to stop the spread of this virus and that's true of us living at home it's even more true at people living in nursing homes assisted living facilities so so I think what we all need to do is figure out how to how to get those bits back in our life while still minimizing our contact with others and staying at home as much as possible so exercise exercise is a great example exercise is the is the ultimate you know ultimate way to fight aging it's the best way to stay healthy to stay strong to stay fit to keep your mind strong but how do you exercise if you're trying to not go out so much if you can't go to the gym if you can't go to your if you can't go to to to a group yoga class or to your you know so we all I think is a great time you think about how did how to make your exercise program work for you at home it work for you in a way that doesn't put you in contact with too many other people so a lot of us have been exploring our neighborhoods for example and learning how to how to distance ourselves as we're walking around the neighborhood that's a great thing to do if you have ways that you can you can walk at home walking is really the best exercise and if you're fortunate enough to live in a house with enough space to do a lap you know start counting those laps if you have a backyard even better if you don't any sort of exercise is better than none at all we don't want to become couch potatoes because we know that's gonna harm our long-term health even if we don't get the virus so even even simple things trying to arrange our day to day activities to be a little more active going up and down the stairs more often during the day you know getting up from a chair more often during the day every little bit we can do helps so I knew I was gonna get this question somebody's talking about how to interact with relatives this person who asked a question wanted to know if she could see a friend who had a heart valve replacement I know we get questions about when is it going to be safe to hug my grandkids you know I had a my college daughter had it she's over it is it okay for us to have a meal what advice do you have to say in those situations well right now I think in the Bay Area it's still pretty simple we're still supposed to be sheltering in place and avoiding contact close contact with others as much as we can which doesn't mean not seeing them so we should get very creative in figure out how to stay connected especially with our families and loved ones because we don't want to emotionally or socially isolate ourselves we just need to physically isolate ourselves a little bit so there are a lot of folks for learning how to have a video chat with their family and how to use FaceTime you zoom and all these things and that's wonderful it's a great way to see your kids and can see your family I saw an absolutely touching moment walk around my neighborhood a couple days ago where a neighbor was I was talking with her older neighbor from the window so they so the older person was talking through their window from the second-story and having a nice chat with their neighbor on the sidewalk and that's a great way to connect with while staying physically distanced you can talk across fences or through doors now so this is gonna get much more complicated as we move into phase 2 and that's I know Chris what you're really asking yes I was right because people are gonna have to way rest's and risks and benefits right yeah I mean you don't you can do anything from us you cannot hug your grandkid for a month and not like it but we can survive it but what a years is different so we're all gonna have to start making these individual decisions about our personal risk about what's most important to us and about what the risk is in our communities and this is this sort of balancing of goals and risks is kind of at the heart of geriatric medicine in thinking about what's really important to you and how can you best accomplish that trying not to harm yourself in other ways and we often think in that way about what sort of medicines to take or what sort of surgery to have but in a way we're all gonna have to think about that in terms of our physical contact to the and this is this is I'm not gonna lie to you this is really hard and it's gonna be a very very personal set of decisions and this virus doesn't make it any easier because you know one of the one of the really difficult bits about this virus in particular is the long period that people can have it and not have any symptoms but still be spreading it to others and that can be a few days it can be a week in some cases even two weeks so it's not just a matter of staying away from people who are sick but you never know is this person already have the virus and just they won't know it yet for a few days or a week but I can still catch it from them in a sense every time you you hug someone every time invite someone over for dinner you're gonna be inviting over for dinner not just that person but everyone that they've been in contact with for the last week so one way to kind of start to think about this is you know what is the situation like in your community is is there just a few people with the virus circulating or it or is a lot of people with the virus circulating you know there are some canoes in the u.s. where it's just a percent or two or even less than that in areas in the New York metro area yeah that might be as high as 10 or even 20 percent so you're you're thinking of the risks is gonna be very different if your community has a lot of cases right now versus if your community doesn't have a lot of cases right now so we got a question this is perfectly done um as a senior my own feeling is that we won't really be able to participate in society until testing and tracing become widespread what do you think what's it gonna take I think it's going to take well so how is this gonna end I think that's what the question is really asking when can when can we stop worrying about what's the risk and just go about our normal lives and go to and you know I want to go to a baseball game again when is that gonna happen and we don't know this is this is also a really hard and challenging question how is this gonna end in in my mind there's only a couple ways that it can end either either we all get it or I guess I'll make that a little more nuanced either we're all immune to it because we've either gotten it or got a vaccine or we managed to stop it before we all get it and I think that's what the questioner is alluding to with this idea if you can slow the spread enough and reduce the number of cases enough then you can do widespread testing and contact tracing to isolate the handful of cases that are left and maybe contain it and there are coming doing this successfully South Korea is the best example right now where they they have it there I know other speakers have talked about this in this series they had their first case right around the same time the United States did but their course of the pandemic has been vastly different and I think they're now down to just single digits single digits of new cases each day in a country of 50 million people so it's doable and to me that's the best-case scenario if we can damp this down enough to actually isolate it and stop it and this is what we did with with the original SARS epidemic which everyone forgot until this year about about 15 years ago so it's possible to me the other option a vaccine would be fantastic of course if we can slow this down till we get a vaccine that would be great but we can't count on that so the other option of just letting everyone get it this idea of herd immunity to me is really scary because that doesn't this isn't this isn't a cold and it's not the flu a lot of people who get this die and a lot of people who get it who survive will be disabled and we should talk more about that it's that the people who die are just the tip of the iceberg of how this affects us so I really don't like the idea of let's just let it spread throughout all of our societies that we all get it because we'd be talking about literally millions of lives changed forever so I hope that we can damp this down widespread testing isolate it and watch it weigh their out so I think it's important for us to talk about Kovan 19 in the context of older adults older adults have different symptoms right they know they don't present necessarily as what you're called your normal koban 19 patient that's right and this is true of older adults in general for from illnesses including other other viruses so older adults older adults don't step out of a textbook this is one of the challenges of caring for adults and being a geriatrician it is trying to detective out what's really happening when the symptoms don't match up what what you read in the textbook kovat is another example of this so the classic symptoms of course we all know the fever the cough the shortness of breath even in younger people those all don't usually happen at the same time but in order adults you may not see them at all and there are physiological reasons for this so for example our body temperatures tend to drop as we get older so our normal temperature everyone probably remembers learning as a kid our body temperature is 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit that's not the case for older adults or normal body temperature actually drops and so if you see a normal temperature and over adult it might actually be a fever if it's a couple of degrees above where they normally are and all results don't generally mount fevers as readily as younger people so you often don't see fevers where you might miss them because they look normal although they're not and other adults tend to present in in confusing ways often in very subtle ways an older person might just be a little bit off maybe get a little bit confused you know even even if they're even if their brain is normal you know we're not talking to mention or anything they're living by themselves taking care of things but you know there your your child calls you up on the phone and and just things that you don't sound right today you know you don't know what day it is or where you thought we talked yesterday but that was a week ago so or we're being a little bit lethargic more tired not eating these sorts of subtle nonspecific kinds of symptoms are actually really common in older adults and especially from infections so family members and doctors really need to be on the lookout for this that the first sign of a COBIT infection for example an older person might not be a fever might not even be a cough it might be you know not eating very much for a day and especially it might be getting a little bit confused what we call delirium which is one of the real real gorgeous of an acute illness infections and older people okay and so I would have think that family members should be on the alert right if they're talking to their older relative mom dad aunt uncle and something is they should what should older adults call their doctor right away what should they do if they if they go mmm maybe this is something I should be concerned with well I think it's a good idea for for for folks to check on the loved ones in their family who are older or their friends or their neighbors because of course you know they may not if someone gets a little bit tired and lethargic and confuse they may not be able to ask for at all so it's really important to check on people Uman by the phone even by FaceTime and just have have your spidey sense up for something seems off and talk about it with them but absolutely if if there's that sense of something might be off I think that's a great time to call the doctor and one of the amazing things so so we've heard a lot about how our healthcare system is so strained and how this has revealed many of the flaws in our health care system and that's definitely true but it's also revealed a lot of resiliency in the individuals who make up the healthcare system and one amazing piece of that is I've seen televisions you know zoom face time like this go from almost not even a thing in medicine or a very rare sort of thing time she's making up a majority of visits these days in just a period of weeks so so actually figure out how to talk to your doctor virtually and this has obviously saves you all of the risk of going into a doctor's office going in tremor and if there's any question about something seems off absolutely give them a call let them see you and talk to them and it's a great first step to figure out if you need more help that's great so we got a question I was gonna ask you anyway what happens with the immune system as we age and is there anything we can do about it got a lot of questions along those lines no I'm sure because I mean this is this is a striking element of koban 19 it's true of other factions to even you know seasonal influenza of course affects older people too but it affects younger people this and co19 really doesn't affect kids in a broad way at least we know it does somewhat but not in the same way that influenza does so something something is different about the immune system of older people and we've known this for a while there there are terms from this called immuno senescence the idea that our immune systems have a harder time doing the things they're supposed to do as we get older one one obvious kind of common manifestation of that is that as important as vaccines are really really important for other people especially the flu vaccine especially the pneumonia vaccine vaccines work less well in older people and we need to use tricks like higher doses or a different different vaccine different ad units to try to get vaccines to work better in older people so that's one example of our immune systems don't do what they're supposed to do as readily as when we were younger but then there's a flipside of that too that many of our listeners have probably heard of this concept of inflammation the idea that dysregulated abnormal young not productive inflammation can increase as we get older and in very subtle ways but in subtle ways that that we now think contribute to many of the chronic diseases of Aging inflammation is a good thing when when our body is using it to heal ourselves you know if we if we have occurred if we have a surgery we need inflammation to fix things but when inflammation gets uncontrolled and can't get turned off that causes problems so so older people's immune systems are in this strange state where they're there are always a little bit too active and causing this inflammation but then they have a hard time ramping up when they're supposed to to fight a virus so we're starting to understand that the molecular mechanisms and the cellular mechanisms of why that is in the laboratory and and and in people too and I think that this I know there's a lot of researchers a lot of my colleagues at the buck Institute around the country or have been very interested in this idea of inflammation and how to how to improve the immune system of older adults for years now and I hope that in the not-too-distant we're gonna have interventions to specifically help the immune systems of older people work better so when when the next virus comes even if it's not the you know Tsarskoe be cheap rotavirus and some other virus will have things that we can do to help in the meantime in the meantime yes i'm i know you're our listeners are wondering about well that's great if full of drugs in a year two or three or five years but what about today well we we already know some ways to keep your immune system healthier and the most important one is moving i don't even say exercise and we talked about this already but just being more active in any way that you can be and we know that that has beneficial effects on your immune system sleeping i know it's a lot of us are pretty anxious these days it's hard to get a good night's sleep it's even harder when we're not as active as normal during the day but whatever we can do to help ourselves to to normalize our schedule and get a good night's rest is going to be really important for helping our immune system without using drugs though we should talk about that later but natural good sleep and food you know we know that a good diet can help your immune system to this is particularly hard right because everyone devices always eat lots of fresh vegetables and fruit but that would mean going to the grocery store a lot and we really shouldn't be doing that right now for older people this is a great way to help your neighbor and help your family you know make sure that they have fresh food to eat help them out drop things off at their doorstep you know if try to arrange for delivery service if you need to but it's a great way that we can help our help our family members by doing what we can to help them eat healthy even through this crisis so i know a lot of people are using this extra time to bake and be in the kitchen but there's an issue sugars not the greatest thing for our immune system right no we probably shouldn't be overdoing the sugar and certainly not without having lots of other good food too I love good cake and a good cookie so I'm not exactly one to talk but we should make sure that our our quarantine diets sort of speak our shelter-in-place diets are are still you know high in healthy grains high in good protein real food and in a way you know I think that this might be I don't know about other listeners but we've actually been cooking a lot more than normal for the last month and eating real food you know recognizable not processed food doctors real food and maybe that's true of other people that's we can all kind of get back in touch with our our chef's side as long as we have access to that food so we got a question and it's something that was a little farther down on my list but I want to move it up I want to talk about nursing homes and assisted living facilities their question here we are going to move our elderly relative into our home the assisted living facility had Kovac cases and although they are taking all precautionary measures we see our relative declining with depression because of the isolation there yeah so two questions let's first talk about what are the issues at nursing homes and assisted living and then what considerations when you look at what's the best thing to do for a loved one and if if they're gonna come home what do you need to do so first of all what's the situation at those facilities this is such a great question thank you you are for asking that everything we've been talking about for for older adults living at home in the community it's just amplified in a nursing home setting or an assisted living setting and and this is and knowing what to do is is a really really hard question we know that and we know that nursing homes and situations were all the result served together any situation where a lot of people are together you're seeing this in prisons and jails too they're they're just they're kindling for the wildfire of this pandemic and we saw that in the very beginning the first cluster of cases in the US with a nursing home and several nursing homes in the Washington State Seattle area and it can just go through like wildfire but knowing what to do about that is really hard and your viewer alluded to one of the one of the challenges is this is this double-edged sword of to protect try to protect older people in vulnerable situations like nursing homes we want to try to isolate them so no visitors no communal dining you know no gatherings we're trying to you try to help them shelter in place essentially in their rooms and limit contact with each other so spread and that's and that's great for helping to limit the virus it's necessary over the long term though it's it's not good for people's health you know nursing comes especially good nursing homes how about sorts of programs to do all the things we were talking about keep people mobile keep them active keep them walking keep them socially interacting keep them keep their brains engaged with each other and with the staff doing all sorts of group activities you know communal dining trying to have a normal life within a nursing home or within an assisted living facility and that is so important to health but we can't do it right now so trying to balance this it's going to be really really challenging and I know a lot of families are wondering should I take my loved one out of a nursing home and I there is not an easy answer for that what I would say what I would tell you know my own family if they ask them and unfortunately we're not in that circumstance you know most the decision to go into a nursing home or an assisted living facility is often not an easy one to start with and and people usually make that decision for good reasons because that's the setting they just need help and that's the setting where they can best get the help that they need it's really hard to take care of an older person who needs a lot of help at home most families can't do it and families who want to try I mean god bless you and good luck and please plan it out carefully and even talk to the nursing home staff about exactly what your loved one has been needing so that you can try to build that for yourself at home but it's it's and it takes more than one person it takes it takes a whole family takes a whole team just like the team that was taking care of them in the nursing home or assisted living center and I you know it's it's this individual trying to weigh the risks if there's an outbreak in a nursing home you know boy the chance that that might spread to your loved one unless they're really really doing everything just right is scary if there's not an outbreak in the nursing home yet you know are they doing everything that we think we should be doing to try to prevent outbreaks but this is really hard to do we can't you know as a lot of people talk about let's just isolate our vulnerable people and let everyone else you know go to the beach and go back to work it's really hard to isolate millions of people and just think you know thinking concretely about trying to build a wall all around a nursing home how do we do that by definition people in nursing home need need hands-on help they need help often walking they need help getting to the bathroom they need help changing and cleaning so people have to be in close contact those people don't live in the nursing home those staff members live out in the community with their own families so you know the same way that when you invite someone over for dinner you're inviting over everyone they've spent time with for the last week when a staff member takes care of some of the nursing home they're bringing with them everyone that they've been in contact for the last week so how do we protect people we need a lot of PPE I think that's step one I think it's fantastic by the way that everyone the country knows what PPE is now for all working certain bits of this medical jargon but just think of how many millions of people that is you know the number of staff in nursing homes is more than the number of doctors in the United States for sure and every single one of them you would you would ideally want to be wearing PPE every time they interact with a patient and and that's a huge challenge so knowing knowing the right thing to do here is really complicated but there are certain steps that we know nursing homes probably should be doing and I'm really happy to see that in San Francisco we are doing some of these things like it was just announced a couple days ago that every resident and staff member of a nursing home in San Francisco will get tested every two weeks a great first step it's probably not often enough but at least it's it's certainly better than the map testing and waiting until cases happen and we need a lot more PPE you need a lot more gowns a lot more masks a lot more testing everything we've been talking about for our whole community applies ten times more in a nursing home setting great let's talk some about about drugs and older adults I'm gonna talk to we have an Evan Croghan here on Wednesday I'm going to talk to him more in depth but they did they've done research on existing drugs that look like they have promise against Kovach 19 they had a paper in nature last week there was a surprising finding that a very popular cough suppressant and I hope I pronounced it correctly dextromethorphan I hope that's it that that that actually um encouraged viral infection so what is that chemical and should people even who are healthy at this point in time like avoided what's going on there well it's like I get to switch my hats now instead of talking like a geriatrician I can talk about it I can talk like a basic scientist this is the point of being a physician scientist I think one of the some good I hope will come out of this pandemic and one of those things I hope will be that I've never seen ordinary people so engaged in science and in medical research as I have right now and it's it's really incredible to see I hope we can sustain that Chris you know you know science and in biomedical research they're they're also a marathon not a sprint if we want to be ready for the next pandemic we have to keep going and not stop well one of the one of the one of the aspects of that is that we're seeing we're seeing the you know inside baseball of science we're seeing science happen in real time which we almost never do you know we're seeing experiments happening faster than we ever thought we could we're seeing them published on the internet on preprint servers for the whole world to see even before they're peer-reviewed we're seeing people discussing these these very early findings and it's it's exciting and it's fun and it's certainly seems directly relevant to our day-to-day lives but I would I would remind everyone though that there's there's a lot of work to do between testing things in a test tube in the laboratory and having and knowing what treatments do in people and usually that's a you know that's a 10-year process going from the test tube to having effective effective medicines in people and it's a very complicated process so you know Nevin Kroger and this international team of researchers are doing incredible work faster than I think anyone thought humanly possible to understand this virus and to try to come up with with with new ways to to treat it but for but for all the lay people the non scientists who are listening follow this along you know you see what happens but take it all with a grain of salt because there's a lot of a lot of scientific space between testing things in laboratory and giving them to people so yeah what's with the cop suppressor so so having said all that so the costs are present this is kind of interesting and I'm actually I'm kind of glad that dextromethorphan is first is the next example of this dextromethorphan is a commonly used cough suppressant it's in a lot of over-the-counter medicines I use it myself when I get sick if I have a coffee because it works it's not a great truck for older people to take though it's actually a drug that I would generally steer older people away from because like a lot of like a surprising number of over-the-counter drugs it affects the brain it's a it's a weak form of it's related to pain medicines it's not a pain medicine but it's related to pain medicines and it can work on some of the same pathways in the brain and it can actually make people it can make people confused in generally you want it when you're an older person you want to avoid medicines that are going to mess with your brain and dextromethorphan it's not the highest one on that list it's not even it's not even the worst offender in nyquil many many cold medicines have very powerful antihistamines mostly to make you sleepy but in older adults they can very much make you confuse and we really want older people to stay away from from strong any histamines so I would probably steer away connection with our fan anyway and I'm kind of glad that that's the example that has come from this and not something like like warfarin or insulin or or metoprolol or beta blockers you know medicines that are really vital to keeping people healthy and alive and I wouldn't want people to risk their health by stopping a medicine that could be really helpful to them because we're worried that you know in in in 12 steps from now we might we might realize or not that this has some effect on the virus dextromethorphan is kind of low-hanging fruit if you want to avoid it by all means if you're an older person you probably should avoid it anyway got it so you talked about the scientific research I want to talk about your research here at the buck because I think your main job is you're a researcher you're looking at ways to slow the aging process so I understand that your lab here is looking he looks at ketone bodies but you're also looking at ketone bodies as it might relate to this virus or immune response so talk about that first what are ketone bodies and and what's what's your your bit of looking at the big picture what's that involved yeah so so with my scientific cat I study mechanisms of the biology of aging molecular mechanisms cellular mechanisms for why we age and how that affects our health and the nitty-gritty bit that I focus on or ketone bodies so these are normal molecules that our own bodies make especially when we're fasting or if we're not eating very much or if we're not eating very much sugar carbohydrates and and we're realizing that they have their powerful actions in our bodies they're not just energy to help us sustain a fast but they actually reprogram our genes they can affect inflammation they can affect metabolism in really interesting ways that that we think are relevant to chronic diseases of aging and I'm especially interested in studying ketone bodies in the context of the aging brain you know what role does they play and maybe helping from from dementia from Alzheimer's disease or protect us from delirium this acute confusional state I mentioned earlier which is a common in severe side effects of illness and older people so I study what you know what ketone bodies do but you know like like everyone I'm not a biologist I wasn't really paying attention to virology a whole lot until the last few months but like everyone else who's a scientist or a physician know what can I do to help and as a clinician you know that was pretty clear I helped out however right however I could however they needed me in the hospital as a scientist I wanna try to help out too so you know so we don't we don't know anything about this yeah no one has really thought about it but we're starting to explore you know what if ketone bodies can affect inflammation there's a few of the molecular mechanisms that may turn out to be relevant to how the virus replicates some of them on paper might help some of them on paper might hurt so this is another example of you know early stage we're just starting to explore things science but we're trying to do some very simple experiments to just ask answer the question does it look like the ketone bodies made by our body might they be relevant in helping to in affecting the virus or might they be relevant to the clinical illness that the virus causes inflammation and was inflammation in the brain inflammation and blood vessels and could we think you know could this lead to new approaches for helping to if not stop the virus at least helping to mitigate some of the effects of it but that's certainly a long way away but but we're going to start off great so I what sort of talk about a so called elephant in the room with this whole covered 19 pandemic and that involves ageism there have been colleagues of yours who have said that along with the outbreak of corona virus there's also been an outbreak of ageism how does that impact what's going on I know it's a big question we're going to unpack but but what do you have to say about ageism in Coburg 19 well it's a big question and I think the first step in unpacking it is just acknowledge what we're seeing and hearing you know the crises like this pandemic they they bring out the best in us and you're seeing that all around us but they can also bring out the worst in us and I think this is an example of bringing out something that has always been there ageism in our society we as a society collectively and often individually we value older people less and and this is this is strange if you step back a bit because age is the one thing that will affect every single one of us you know we're devaluing ourselves when we think an older person is less less worthy or their life is less worthy of saving I think it really it it breaks my heart and just twists me to hear just how overt some of this has become as we're talking about the pandemic people just leaders saying out loud in front of microphones why don't we just let old people die let's just let few hundred thousand few million people die for what or that older people aren't worth saving and and this is I know it's not everyone is just a hopefully just a few people but even hearing those things sent out loud it's yes it's just awful and I think it is affecting the way that we think about this pandemic you know you fear you've heard a lot of people say well it only affects all people it's just old people of course it's not it very much affects younger people too especially with the the chronic diseases that we know are risk factors like high blood pressure a lot of Americans have will have high blood pressure diabetes cardiovascular disease plenty of younger people have these things if you look at who is who belongs to a chronic or high-risk category it's something like almost half of adults in the United States so but still just saying that phrase it's just old people as if millions and millions of us ourselves are not human beings anymore it's just really painful and I think it also reflects even though we're all gonna get all ourselves it reflects some strange blinders about the life of older people and the life in older people you know to a geriatrician at least 70s is young and ends and most people who are 70 will make it to 85 you know most people and 85 doesn't seem that old to a geriatrician most people are 85 most people will make it to 90 you know people have a lot of a lot of life left and a lot of good to do and a lot of life to live and I just can't stand that this this bubbling strain of of you know older adults are not human beings so um there is a tendency right to to lump all older people into one category and then that sort of lends itself to the notion well you can't really help anybody if they're an old person so talk about the I guess there's differences among older adults health-wise and can you help them oh absolutely and and the the diversity in older adults is one of the is one of the joys and challenges of being a geriatrician so there so the the saying is maybe it's a joke is that if you you know if you've seen one 25 year old you've seen every 25 year old if you see one eighty year old we've seen one eighty year old everyone is different one of one of my favorite patients in my primary care clinic at the VA years ago celebrated his 80th birthday 80th birthday by BASE jumping in Norway you know there's and we've all seen pictures of course of the tennis playing older people and and that's not to devalue people who are not that healthy because it's not open up to us if we get a chronic disease if we get a cancer if we have a stroke and and there's there's value in life in all people no matter what their health status but certainly as we get older or diversity sprints and so there are you know there are some 70 year old some 80 year old some some 95 year olds who acts and medically and biologically are much younger than their than their years and there are some 45 and 55 and 65 year olds who medically and biologically are much older than your years so it doesn't make much and we've learned this in the last 20 years in geriatrics of medicine not to judge people by their age but to try to judge to try to make decisions based on their their goals and their health State and there's this concept of the physiological age so age is not a number you know ages ages how you act and how you feel and how your health is and we definitely need to I certainly wouldn't want to make any decisions or lump all old people together just based on their age that's doing everyone a disservice so I think I saw video of somebody who was a hundred and three leaving the hospital this fellow he survived coded 19 so older adults can survive coping 19 right absolutely I did get a question though what are the dangers of dysfunction or disability following code 19 and what can somebody do to if they are unfortunate enough to get this virus to give themselves the best shot at coming out of it in a positive way that's a great question and and so as a geriatrician this worries me just as much as people dying and I think it's it's sort of the it's the under the surface of the iceberg but something that I haven't heard a lot of people talking about you know what happens if you survive what happens to people who gets really sick and survive and it often changes their life even if they survive so this is this is also where my my clinician and my sign scientist hats merge because my goal in studying particularly delirium in the laboratory and my goal in when I work in the hospital is to try to prevent people from being harmed by their illness when they're in the hospital help them get out of the hospital in good shape so I have a first-hand look at just how hard that can be you know half maybe more even up to 80% of all new disability and older adults happens in the context of a hospitalization and a lot of that is because of the reason why you're in last for the first place but some of it is also from from complications and side effects that happen when you're really sick two of the the prime examples of that are delirium which I'll bring up again this acute confusional state that's very common in older adults in the hospital all comers all older adults in the hospital probably half of people get delirious many of many of our listeners may have seen this in a family or a friend they go into the hospital they're sick and they're crazy they're not themselves they're all confused they're they're paranoid they're saying strange things that's not they didn't go crazy they have a medical condition called delirium which is related to inflammation there's that word again and metabolic problems affecting the brain so and delirium is not just a problem in the hospital you can imagine that it's hard to take care of someone who's very confused and doesn't know what's going on but to learn can take a long time to go away even if you do everything right and delirium increases the risk of dying in the year or so or two years after your hospitalization and it increases the risk of progressing to cognitive impairment or dementia so the limb is a big deal so is so is the immobility so we've talked so much about the importance of activity and exercise in the hospital people don't often stay in bed for any reasons but we know how bad this is for their long-term health every day that you spend in bed in the hospital is probably the equivalent of a year of getting weaker the change you know as we get older on our we gradually get weaker about a year of that happens within just a day if you're in bed in the hospital so we know how important is to prevent that we know how extremely important so in the ICU when people are sticking the ICU when you're talking about Kovac you're trying to be in the ICU maybe on ventilators this is all amplified everyone in the ICU gets delirious you have to work really really hard to try to prevent that as much as you can and ever in the ICU needs to move there are these amazing pictures you'll see of people actually walking while they're on a ventilator because we know just how important every bit of movement is to keep someone from becoming disabled even if they survive so I'm really worried that you know if if we're talking about millions of people getting this and already tens of thousands people dying that becomes hundreds of thousands of people hundreds of thousands of millions of people will survive serious illness but many of them are going to have long term effects and in the older adults many of them are not going to be the person they were and many of them may not be able to go back to living by themselves and I think we need to do everything we can not just try to you know treat the virus better in the hospital but to make sure that we're treating the older person better in the hospital so so if I'm an older person which I am and I end up you know gosh forbid having to go to the hospital because I just don't feel well what what what can I do to give myself the best shot I know you and I have talked about go bags go lists what what the heck should people do well number one is trying to get the virus best way the best cure for this virus is to not get it in the first place then you're certain that you're not gonna wind up in the ICU or thinking about disability but in in the event so this is this is again an important reason to why we need to if nothing else spread things out a little bit and try not to overwhelm our hospitals because all of this we know how to prevent delirium we know how to walk people in the ICU on ventilators but is really complex and time-consuming to do and if your hospital is flooded with you know every every operating room and every hallway is becoming an ICU you can't do these things as much as we know that their hourly necessary so don't get in the first place cooperate as a community to keep slowing it down so that hospitals can do things that best possible for every person but Chris you're asking about what if anyway what if we want less well so two things to think about ahead of time and it's not fatalistic to think about things ahead of time it's just being prepared and and this pandemic has taught us you know we need to be prepared ourselves and as a community so go back go back is a great idea when you're sick the last thing you want to be thinking about is where are my eyeglasses where are my dentures where's my hearing aid where's my cell phone charger so those things all go in your go-bag probably you know if you have a few have a tablet or a phone this is even more important than usual because that's going to be your lifeline to your family and to the outside world and the other the other element to think about is advanced directives this is an uncomfortable thing to talk about but it is it is really really vital and it's not fatalistic it's just you know it's it's like health insurance or life insurance it's just thinking to the future and making sure you're prepared because when you're really sick is not when you want to be deciding who you want to help make medical decisions for you if you're unconscious and it's not the best time to be thinking about what sort of medical care you would or would not want to receive and in the thing about how you would like to die where you would want to die and what circumstances we all need to think about and talk about these things ahead of time with our family and it's it's it's a service to you yourself so that in the event you know things will happen the way you want them to because you are always in control in the hospital but it's also a service to your friends and your family to give them some clues about you know if you do wind up for example on a ventilator so they know what what you would want your life to look like after that so prepare yourself for the Go Bag make sure it's got the things you need to do to you know take care of yourself during the day make sure it has glasses make sure that's hearing aids people people forget these all the time make sure it has dentures make sure it has you know phones and tablets and chargers and batteries and think about your advanced directives there's a great website for this from from a fantastic colleague of mine at UCSF Rebecca story the website is called prepare for your care you can google it or just type it all in one word prepare for your care org it's a great very friendly you know layperson understandable approach to how to think about making medical decisions who you would want to help you make decisions and what sort of medical care you would or would not want any you got really sick so I want to revisit something we talked about earlier I have gotten so many questions from people who say you know I'm healthy everything's good is it safe to drive to another state where does to visit our son and daughter-in-law who are in good shape just so many questions of people who give different examples of when can I like see people again and the people I love so let's just revisit that what how should people really think about this because boy I'm seeing it it really matters to people yeah it matters to all of us right it matters to me and to you to Chris and everyone of our listeners and and this is what we're missing the most in this pandemic is just that being able to be together and you don't be together in the sense of giving each other hug so let's let's kind of I'm not gonna have a good answer for this and I'm not gonna be able to tell anyone yes or no but maybe I'll I'll just kind of brainstorm how I might think about it so keeping in mind that you know I would think of you're first of all your goals what's most important to you because that will be different from person to person your personal risk based on your health status you know if you got Koba 19 what would your odds be knowing that they're just odds some young people some healthy young people are dying like you're saying 103 year old walked out of the hospital so it's just odds but still it's odds so your goals your personal risk your immediate family you know the people that you're interacting with what has their you know what's their risk of getting the virus and talk about that for a sec and then the community as a whole so I you know I probably wouldn't go visit family in an area where this is circulating a lot right now and I think you know we know what some of those areas are just from watching the news you can look up state by state or city by city rates in areas that are less affected right now it makes more sense to to go visit people while rates are low and hopefully they stay that way and how and this is this is this is gonna be a bit awkward but thinking about the you know when you go visit someone and you're gonna spend hours indoors with them that's a very high risk for getting it from someone so what about what are the odds that the corona virus is in that group in your family in the group of people you're going to visit and that's that's back to again you know you're visiting and spending six hours and hugging everyone that they have spent a significant amount of time with in the last week or two now the good news is that it does seem like you need a reasonable amount of time to have a high chance of catching this from someone you're pretty unlikely to get it you know passing someone walking on the street or we're from from a very brief contact if you're all masked you're much more likely to get it if you're unmasked in close contact indoors close contact meeting within you know six ten feet with someone for more than ten minutes so it's a little awkward but maybe you'll ask you know what have your relatives been up to last week have they been going to have they been wearing their masks and they've been going out and being in close contact with lots of other people are or are they sheltering in place and being pretty careful about their physical distancing and then ultimately it's it you know goes up that chain community family personal risk and goals to what's most important to you you know if if you're if it's if if you think I would I really really need to hold my grandson and I haven't done that in two months and this is the most and this is the most important thing to you right now you know who's gonna say that's not a bad decision but just trying to make it the safest possible decision for yourself the heart thing about the virus says the last point is that it's not just you it's not just a decision about you even if you say to yourself I don't care if I die I don't care if I wind up on a ventilator and wind up not being able to take care of myself I really it's important to me to be with my family I'll accept that risk you're not just accepting it for yourself you're accepting that a risk on everyone that you're around so all of your close family members if if you're a young person but you live with a older relative your actions are directly affecting your older relatives risk so maybe there's ways to mitigate that and and maybe you think about how you can if you're gonna take a bit of a risk yourself that's okay but make sure you mitigate that risk for the others around you so this is this is this is why phase two Chris is so much harder than phase 1 phase 1 is simple don't do it but phase 2 is trying to weigh all of these personalized thoughts and we all have to do it ourselves so the final thing and this is the lead-in and it seems like phase 2 is gonna involve some degree of socialize so she'll I so what are there there are dangers in that physical isolation it's not not great for our mental health emotion well what what can people do what should they do to be able to thrive as much as possible during what is turning out to be a difficult time well well then maybe with three specific suggestions we've already talked about one of them which is figure out how to have an active lifestyle while you're sheltering get creative you have some fun with it you know stairs backyards living rooms you know do a maybe do zoom exercises with your friends since you can't go to a gym together but get creative about how to have an active lifestyle in while you're sheltering number two is figure out how to talk to your doctor so a lot of us have probably postponed awful lot of our usual medical stuff and that's good because we want to stay away from hospitals and less necessary you want to stay away from doctor's office it's most necessary but most doctors now are figuring on how to do virtual visits and are starting to now you know figure out how to triage who really needs to be seen in person and then to do that safely so if you haven't yet figure out how your doctor is doing virtual visits have a visit check in see and see how things are going and make sure that you're keeping up to date on your regular health stuff again so number two number three is is figure out how to connect with your family and your friends as much as you can without physically being together for a long time and get creative about this - about about videos and about you know meeting across the door meeting over a fence doing things online together there's all sorts of ways that we can stay socially connected and socially together while staying physically distanced and this is the time when we all need to figure out how to do that so some advice that I need to give to myself so I'm gonna ask you to tell me what people do when they see news about this you know what's going on in the world oh goodness and now and we're all sheltering in place and working and and you know we have nothing else to do but watch the news all day and this this might not be good either you know we all need to stay up-to-date on what's happening in our communities you know what's how does how does the virus filling what are what is it what is the local government recommending so we need to stay in touch but a lot of us are probably overdoing it or hiding a little bit too much on on everything on cable news and on the Twitter on the Internet's and all that and that's not great for a healthy eater this is a long haul you know we're gonna be with this for months to a year or more and we're gonna wear ourselves out if we if we're just seeing nothing but coronavirus and Kovach 24/7 so for your own mental health take breaks and you know in the Bay Area maybe this is a good time to take a break you know we're still sheltering in place for a couple more weeks things are things are looking okay it's a good time to unplug and and maybe focus on on that social connectiveness now spending more trying to spend more time getting in touch with your friends again getting in touch with your family again learning something new and just distracting yourself a little bit from from the 24/7 news cycle John thank you it has been great to socially physically distance but socially connect with you this morning I really want to thank you for taking the time to be with us thanks Kristen and thank all of you for listening I hope this is helpful stay well stay connected all right so everyone our next session happens two days from now this coming Wednesday I will be talking to dr. Nevin Croghan he is the director of the quantitative Biosciences Institute at UCSF he's an investigator at the Gladstone Institute and he's an adjunct professor here at the buck so next on Wednesday we're gonna jump back into science Nevin is at the center of scientific efforts to quell this pandemic his lab identified all the human proteins that interact with the SARS Kogi to virus he is spearheading an international collaboration to test drugs that show promise against the virus researchers published some initial results last week in nature we will be talking about those results on Wednesday I hope you can join us what for what should be really great session it starts at 10:00 a.m. Pacific 1:00 p.m. Eastern please pass the word on to friends and colleagues and while you're still on your computer if you'd like to go into session 5 and pose questions for dr. Craig on a video of today's event with John Newman will be posted we'll let you know when it's up and ready for viewing I will be back here on Wednesday and I hope you will be to keep the questions coming and most importantly stay safe and stay healthy I hope to see you on Wednesday

- 058. Is the Ketone BHB (beta-Hydroxybutyrate) Good for Memory? With John Newman, MD, PhD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the take homes from that study were that as long as the mice didn't get obese on the ketogenic diet they lived somewhat longer they definitely survived better into old age and they definitely had better memory as they aged and depending on how you did the ketogenic diet they might have better physical function to be stronger as they age also human OS learn master achieved okay professor John Newman welcome to humans everybody had yeah great to be here tell us about where you work and the type of work you do sure so I'm a geriatrician physician scientist at the buck Institute for research on Aging and also UCSF so I'm a medical doctor who specializes in the care of older adults and I mostly practice inside hospitals trying to keep all the adults safe through hospitalization and avoiding some of the harms that are very common for older adults I can really impact people's lives their independence but most the time I'm a basic scientist studying the biology of Aging and trying to learn about the molecules the pathways that regulate Aging in our bodies and particularly how many of those were linked to metabolism and to the molecules in our bodies that help to generate energy so my favorite molecules are ketone bodies and especially a beta hydroxy butyrate and learning about how ketone bodies and beta hydroxy butyrate are living active molecules not just sources of energy as we'll talk about but actually doing really cool stuff binding to proteins and hitting enzymes and actors in how things like fasting and exercise might affect your health I would say there's probably no subject at the moment that is more popular to people that are looking into cutting-edge strategies or techniques or inputs into health and beta-hydroxybutyrate if you just simply look at search terms on google ketogenic diet has been around for a long time but it's really become popular as more research is coming out so how did you first become interested in ketones well I first became interested in the aging science in general so doctors are often very broad and what they learn and how they practice but scientists have to be really narrow and pick specific topics to really dive deeply into so I wound up picking ketone bodies and I was part because I was interested in mechanisms of aging and a lot of that has to do with metabolism and and dietary restriction and fast sort of the great-granddaddy experiments in the aging biology world and you know in science we often wind up working on things related to what our mentors did and I guess as the career advice often give people is especially if you're in science if you're in an academic career your mentors are really important in how you grow as a professional and as a scientist and really pick good mentors people who are gonna take time to help you grow and so I picked my mentors first and I worked on projects related to that there's so much cool stuff in science and so much cool stuff in aging biology especially it's not really hard to find a niche that's super exciting and really cool you can dive into so I wound up joining my mentors lab Eric Burton who is now the president of the buck Institute and at the time there was this really cool study that was just wrapping up which I came in on the tail end of where a postdoc working with Eric showed that this ketone body build a drug see butyrate inhibits a class of enzymes involved in gene expression cool study and a great example of what we'll talk about the signaling activities of ketone bodies so I joined the lab to help wrap that up and then to start to explore what implications that has for aging and everything kind of took off from there so now ketone bodies are my favorite molecules to study in the lab partners they're exciting and Parker's I had a great environment to develop as a scientist perhaps you can give us a primer on ketones how are they generated in the body just the basics yeah so ketones are part of our normal metabolism even though we don't see them very often in modern life ketones are how your body uses fat for energy so if you're fasting if you're exercising for a long time your body starts off relying mostly on carbohydrates for energy but when you burn through those stores or if you're not eating long enough that your gut empties you have to pick something else to use for energy so our body starts to mobilize the fats in our fat cells in part we use those directly but most of it goes to the liver and gets turned into ketone bodies which are much easier for cells to burn for energy so ketone bodies are the currency the way that our bodies burn fat for energy I like to use the analogy sugar glucose tiny molecule is two carbohydrates what ketone bodies tiny molecules are two fats they're how we use fats for energy so in modern life we don't tend to fast a whole lot and we don't tend exercise a whole lot so most of us in our day-to-day lives don't make a lot of ketone bodies they're always there a little bit but we were to only make a lot if we're fasting or exercising or not eating any carbohydrates which is called a ketogenic diet and then your body makes ketone bodies in order to use fat's in your diet for energy why is that interesting it's how we survive a fast but what does that to do with aging well this thing is that the beginning of the field of how do you study aging and can you alter aging came from studying dietary restriction feeding animals less food and then seeing that they lived longer and often lived healthier so a hundred years later we have all of this evidence about various ways that things like fasting in the laboratory often can extend life and extend health and all of those different ways so I'm sure that your listeners have heard about most of them the fasting and intermittent fasting and time restricted feeding and fasting mimic diet they all involve your body making ketone bodies so our ketone bodies just a bystander just a way that we survive those things or they actually doing something contributing to the health effects of these fasting like States the cool thing that we're learning more and more is our mechanisms by which ketone bodies might actually be actors contributing to the health effects ketogenic diets are commonly described in public media as extreme diets and yet they are in some ways promoting a state that is more natural than one that is typical today it's interesting to juxtapose what is considered extreme and actually what is considered more natural you also mentioned ketone levels will typically fluctuate so a natural state probably has a baseline low level micro molar concentration depending on exercise and the timing of last meal you're gonna see those levels rise through that last meal happen to be more than a day ago then you're gonna see it rise even to millimolar concentrations usually they're present but they're present in different concentrations depending on the condition that the individual is in at that moment yeah and you know why am i thinking on this has definitely changed since I've been studying ketone bodies and ketogenic diets and learning more about it and I just getting comfortable with the idea it's I think like you're saying it's just become outside of our normal experience in modern life which doesn't mean that it's not normal and not a normal part of our bodies and on the one hand our bodies are all adapted every one of us can make ketone bodies when most people hear about ketone bodies especially most doctors it's in the context of people who are not metabolically normal especially people with type 1 diabetes where that disease completely dysregulated controls making ketone bodies and it just goes crazy and that can be really harmful but that's in our mind space so that's when we think what ketone by doing about the problems in people who are not metabolically normal but in most of us it's just an all part of our bodies and I'm not sure I would think about ketogenic diet is extreme anymore you put that in the context of what does a ketogenic diet mean just means eating less carbohydrates and a lot more fat and so you're making some ketone bodies it's really just a mirror image of what for a long time was the standard recommendation of fat restriction or you'd have fat restricted diet which means eating a lot of carbohydrates and that doesn't seem extreme to anyone and I'm not sure it's a mirror image should seem extreme either it's just a different way of organizing your diet do we suffer from a ketone deficiency in modern life should we all be producing ketones more regularly both through dietary modifications and through restriction of mealtimes or or extended fasts and does that then help replicate a more natural condition for the body do we actually even need to even do a ketogenic diet in order to produce a sufficiency of ketones to be healthy I don't know if you have answers to that now I think they're bigger questions those are fascinating questions to ask and they're questions that we can start to answer now we have the tools to begin to answer those questions in clinical research we are going to try to answer those questions well ketone bodies are necessary to life the question is just having more ketone bodies at certain times and maybe in you're saying an ancestral pattern does that help to contribute to health and I think we can find that out and now we have the tools to answer these questions and this is something that I'm doing in the laboratory what do ketone bodies themselves do and how do just ketone bodies alongside a ketogenic diet but also just ketone bodies what effects do they have on health phenotypes and disease models in the laboratory and can we begin to understand what the long term effects might be in people too much of my PhD work was on the compound gamma hydroxybutyrate which is structurally very similar to beta hydroxy butyrate which is the primary ketone of interest that we'll be discussing today and as I have been comparing these there are remarkable similarities and yet they do very different things still but speaking of concentrations we know GHB get my drug computer it is heterogeneous lis distributed within the central nervous system and throughout the body we see it in the periphery and levels will rise with fasting just like with beta hydroxy butyrate the highest levels of nature are found in hibernating animals and the highest concentration within the body is in brown fat while I was at jazz pharmaceuticals one of the most common sponte the reported adverse events for GHB was weight loss is there some overlap that these two chemicals are having on regulatory circuits for body fatness I think so so much of this direct signaling we know occurs through epigenetic modification particularly by inhibiting certain enzymes that interacts with things called histone what is epigenetics in his dog yeah so in the broadest sense epigenetics is everything about who we are and how our bodies act as people that's not encoded in our genes so we have our genes they're kind of set when we're conceived and then those genes have to be expressed and regulated in order to create our bodies and for us to live and live our lives in the environment so how you regulate what genes are expressed when is really important to just about everything in our lives how we get diseases how we respond to stresses how we respond to a changing environment it's all about regulating gene expression so for example we're talking about fasting if you're fasting your body has to switch its metabolic program to shift away from burning sugars and carbohydrates for fuel and shift towards burning fats for fuel and that involves changing the gene expression of all the genes that encode the proteins and the enzymes that are required for burning fats so genes have to be regulated epigenetics is the study of how gene expression is regulated and driving really in deep there's all of these enzymes that will transcribe genes and turn them on but they have to be able to get at the DNA actually get to the DNA bind to it and then start to transcribe genes so one way that genes are regulated is how tightly wound up and compacted they are versus spread out and ready for something to come in and start to transcribe it it's crazy to think about but if you took the DNA in one of our cells and stretched it out it would stretch about a meter and yet it's wrapped up and compacted so tightly that every single one of our billions and billions of cells has a meter of DNA in it so how it's mostly compacted there are these proteins called histones which are sort of like the spools around which DNA is wrapped so DNA gets tightly wrapped around histones and the more tightly it's wrapped around histones the less accessible it is for the genes to be transcribed and turned into proteins so DNA in histones why do they make such a good pair in part it's because they're both charged so some of your listeners who maybe had a little bit of biochemistry know that DNA has a phosphate backbone structure of DNA has these phosphates on which the bases are hung and the phosphates all have a negative charge histones are proteins that have these tails hanging off of them with positive charges so positive attracts negative DNA gets wrapped tightly around histones and sticks there if you want to unwrap the DNA so you can turn on a gene you have to disrupt that positive and negative interaction so those histone tails can get modified you can stick groups to cover up the negative charges groups called a settle groups and you cover up the negative charges negative and positive don't bind anymore and the DNA's gets a little more loosey-goosey and free to wander around and free to have an enzyme jump on and transcribe a gene so a set elation is an epigenetic modification to histones that affects gene expression it's really important essentially all genes are accelerated at some point and it controls the start of gene transcription it controls every element of gene transcription so their cells have a whole bunch of specialized enzymes for putting a settle groups onto histones and taking them off it's all very tightly regulated and it turns out that beta-hydroxybutyrate the ketone body inhibits the enzymes that take a set elation off called deacetylases this is always a bit of a mind twister for me so a set elation helps to activate gene expression deacetylases take off the acetylation and help to shut down gene expression so if you inhibit the protein that shuts down in general you help to activate gene expression so histone deacetylase inhibitors including beta hydroxy butyrate generally help to activate gene expression so this was one of the first examples of how a metabolic molecule regulates gene expression and the other one I already just mentioned an even bigger one so a set elation comes from a subtle kawaii which is one of the key molecules right in the middle of how our cells turn sugar or fats into energy it all becomes a subtle clay first and then the acetyl co a gets burned to produce ATP so that is so kawaii is what becomes a set elation on histones and then can get regulated by ketone bodies made hydroxy butyrate it's all connected to metabolism I'll do a quick review we have our genes genes wrap around histones there are things that sit eppie or above the genes that will then determine whether or not those genes are accessible for gene transcription when they're assited that allows for enough room for transcription factors to get in there transcribed in gene products that become proteins and if there's not enough room then they can't get to it and those genes are essentially silenced is this silencing pattern in some ways protective or is it really just a condition of dysfunction so is epigenetic modifications or silencing of genes something that the body isn't doing intentionally or is because we're not providing the right metabolic conditions for proper genetic transcription to occur or is it both everything has a purpose in the right context and I think if you want to talk about what goes wrong with aging a lot of it has to do with things starting to happen out of context but everything has a purpose think about you often need to silence genes and you often need to activate genes stem cells are a great example of this so for a stem cell to turn into say a muscle cell or a heart cell you have to first turn off the genes that make it a stem cell and then you have to turn on the genes they make it a muscle cell or a heart cell it's all important in different contexts so you can just imagine how complicated this all is in real life you know biology is like complexity on top of complexity on top of messy complexity and it's not too hard for it to get out of whack not work right as we get older all these complicated epigenetic changes that have to work to express the genes that we want when we want and turn off the genes that we don't want when we don't want them that all it starts to get messed up and you can see that reflection this is getting towards our cutting edge of science and watching how our epigenetic patterns change as we age and they do change in animals and they even change in people this is the source of the DNA methylation epigenetic clock that Steve Horvath and others develop we can see that our epigenetics start to get out of whack as we get older these products of metabolism ketones are more than just packets of energy that the body can use for fuel they regulate epigenetics turning on or off genes they also can serve as signaling molecules I would like to talk about where it's acting as a signaling molecule it seems to be affecting g-protein coupled receptors on cells so things like the hydroxy carboxylic acid receptor and also the free fatty acid receptor 3 let's talk about the hydroxy carboxylic acid receptor or hcar to activation first what are some things that we know about what this receptor relates to in terms of our physiology and then how does BHB intervene to influence things well so both h cartoon ffar 3 are expressed on a bunch of different cell types and what they regulate can differ based on the cell type so my focus in the lab is more on the epigenetic aspects there are other people around the world who were doing really cool work on bhp and these receptors but in different cell types those of these receptors in different ways can regulate the metabolic function of cells and can also regulate inflammation which is one of the themes of I think BHB signaling there's a few different ways that it can control metabolism inflammation and epigenetics I think of those as the three pillars of what we know about the molecular signaling effects of BHB so in the brain h CA r2 is expressed on immune cells and it can regulate how those immune cells are activated into a more inflammatory or less inflammatory state in some neurons especially in sympathetic ganglia there's some really elegant work and animals that these receptors control the sympathetic tone in animals and control the whole body metabolic rate and reduces the whole body metabolic rate this lowers the heart rate of animals when you expose them to ketone bodies and this is thought to be maybe the mechanism or one of the mechanisms through which our own heart rate metabolic rate can slow when we're fasting which is a fun thing to observe when you're fasting yourself it would be contrary to what many people who do the diet for weight loss would expect we have a decrease in sympathetic tone and heart rate you also have a decrease in the release of free fatty acids there are people talking about how the effects of GHB on weight aren't happening because you're releasing more fatty acids but this actually shows that that's not likely the cause of weight loss if it occurs in somebody who's doing the diet so I don't do clinical studies on key genetic diets but my impression from reading literature and hearing folks talk about the studies that been done is it can be hard to show big differences in metabolic rate on different diet macronutrient formulations I think there's very little controversy at this point that different macronutrient combinations work roughly equally well for weight loss and there was just a large diet study published a few weeks ago showing the carbohydrate restriction and fat restriction worked basically equivalently for weight loss but what the contribution of changes into metabolic rate is - that is still pretty controversial in parkas it's it is a hard thing to study in people very precisely and related to weight and calorie excess so many conditions of modern life are a result of calorie excess and the reasons for that is just I think we have an ancient genome engineered to seek out food in an environment where its presence is fairly ubiquitous and its palatability is supernormal and so it's just sort of a perfect storm for weight gain one of the more interesting aspects of your paper from the annual review about beta-hydroxybutyrate was the effects of inhibiting the nlrp3 inflammasome this inflames unmediated inflammatory response to nutrient excess is one that might be in some ways positive of some of the negative inflammatory effects of a high fat diet or high-calorie diet and by knocking that out you don't seem to have as many of the issues related to counter excess because PHP is inhibiting that inflammation marker then that might be one of the beneficial effects given the environment we live in to a more favorable metabolic outcome with a ketogenic diet it's absolutely possible and that work on nlrp3 in the laboratory and animals has been really elegant and really thorough by a deep Dixit yell he's focused more on inflammatory diseases than on metabolic syndrome but I think it's really really interesting to think about how that would roll into the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome this syndrome of over feeding that so many of us get in the modern world and if that inflammatory regulation has a role in dampening the effects of metabolic syndrome would be really interesting to see some work by speaker men and McNay they were looking at the effects of a ketogenic diet amongst other dietary styles in mice and the first part of the study they put all the animals on a calorie restricted version of a high protein diet a high carb diet a ketogenic diet and then their natural diet and they all lost weight but then they observed them for a month after the calorie restriction in terms of weight regain the high-fat diet had the worst outcome but the ketogenic diet had the best outcome and then they put him on an ad libitum diet where they had the same dietary groups high protein high carb ketogenic high fat the amount of spontaneous weight loss in the ad libitum diet was by far greatest with the ketogenic diet and they sacrificed those animals they looked at the energy regulating centers in the arcuate nucleus of the brain and found that diet induced obesity will cause less neuron regeneration and in the presence of ketones you see an increase of what they call proliferative remodeling so it seems like those cells become healthy again we see that in other tissues as well with butyrate Peter rates produced by microbiota on the gut they have an impact on the regeneration of beta cell function so there's something seemingly regenerative butyrate seems to help damaged tissue perform better yeah and some effect of the ketogenic diet that's persistent maybe through ketone bodies maybe through these signaling pathways that were talking about in different cell types and that's something that came out of my work in the laboratory with ketogenic diets in mice too so I was along with a group at UC Davis one of the first groups to look at the long-term effects of Kia genetic diet in rodents in mice over their entire lifespan looking at their survival and also looking at their phenotypes of Aging how healthy and active and functional and strong and smart they were as they got older and there are a couple of really interesting things that came out of that affecting what you were just talking about so the take homes from that study were that as long as the mice didn't get obese on the key genic diet they lived somewhat on how you did the key genetic diet they might have better physical function be stronger as they aged also but it was like a persistent effect of the diets so they didn't have to be eating the diet all the time and they didn't even have to be eating the diet when you did the testing when I did one big memory test on the mice I really want to look for changes from aging over time and not like just having ketone bodies available for energy improve your brain function in that moment yes so I had them on the diets for a year I took them all back onto a normal diet and actually they had been eating a normal diet for two months when I did this big memory test and they still did better so there really was evidence that you didn't have to have them on the ketogenic diet continuously and the effects can persist for weeks or months probably represents some change to cell types in the brain reflecting epigenetics or inflammation or proliferation or this is what we're trying to figure out now exactly what is it that changed in their brains from half a life of hygienic diet that made them have better memory as they aged did they perform equally well when they were younger did they have an improvement when they were younger so almost as an aside so that was looking at how well their memory was preserved as they age so we did a longitudinal study where we tested the same mice in middle age randomize them to the two different diets and then tested them again a year later in old age and the memory of the mice who had been on the ketogenic diet for most of that year was better than mice who had been on the control diet it trended meaning if you look at him on a graph it was better but it was not statistically significantly different trended to them actually doing better on memory as old mice they did as middle-aged mice I would how cool and would love to do that in a bigger way and see if that's really what's happening but almost as an accident when I was doing some other experiments in Alzheimer's model so here we study younger mice and I just happened to notice that the controls the wild-type mice the normal mice that are not Alzheimer's models that were just using as a point of comparison they actually were doing better on memory tests on the ketogenic diet than on a normal diet so even in the young healthy normal mice when they were eating the ketogenic diet they did better on memory tasks so this is one of things about the ketogenic diet in ketone bodies it's a complicated biological intervention it does a lot of different things and so some of those are immediate and maybe that has to do with having this energy available for the brain to burn and some of it is more kind of long-term and persistent and we're gonna try to figure out what all those different aspects are know aside from memory did you notice any decrease or change dementia or Alzheimer's pathology was that observed so mice of course don't get Alzheimer's disease you have to create models of it which are sort of hybrids of human genes in mice to get some aspects of Alzheimer's disease but we were studying one of these models to see if the ketogenic diet would have an effect on this model the reason we were doing that actually and this is kind of kind of interesting and most people probably haven't heard about this yet part of what goes wrong in Alzheimer's disease and this comes from work of Leonard Mookie and Jorge Paulo and many others at UCSF and the Glasser Institute's and other places around the country you get this seizure-like stuff in the brains of these mouse models of Alzheimer's disease so I'll give you the answer up front that it was the seizure stuff that got us interested in the ketogenic diet in these models because there's such a long history of key genic diets being used to treat epilepsy and kids right and maybe you would help with this epilepsy like activity and the Alzheimer's brains so it turns out that in Alzheimer's disease your brain normally has this class of neurons called inhibitory interneurons whose job is to put the brakes on so that when one set of neurons fires it's only that set that fires you know it's the same idea of only doing what you want when you want it and that's not spreading to things that you don't want it to spread to yes these GABAergic parvalbumin positive inter neurons so when they die or when they lose function then neuronal firing can spread from one set of neurons to another people describe epilepsy as like a wildfire just it spreads and so it disrupts the activity of all of the neurons it can cause seizures and you can see this activity visible on an EEG in the form of these epilepsy like spikes so it turned out that in the mouse models if you can control this epilepsy like activity to mice do better they have better memory and so that's thought to be part of the pathogenesis of how Alzheimer's disease affects memory through this epilepsy like activity in the hippocampus and the cortex and if you look really carefully and you can even see this activity in people too so we found that the key genic died indeed worked to suppress these epilepsy like spikes that's probably one of the reasons if not even the most important reason how it improves memory in the mouse models and so you can find this on bio archive and a preprint but it's not published yet in a peer-reviewed journal we haven't found that ketone body compounds so not the diet but just compounds that turn into hydroxy butyrate can have the same effect on this epilepsy like activity and Alzheimer's models so maybe that could be an interesting mechanism through which we could study how ketone bodies or Alzheimer's or ketogenic diets might be useful in the context of Alzheimer's disease seems that will nudge metabolism of glutamate towards gaba and that might make the brain less excitable and give you a greater state of control over epilepsy I'll mention something related to GHB that's been looked at in animal models of Alzheimer's disease so amyloid precursor protein transgenic mice so they have a hard time breaking down this amyloid protein aggregate which then leads to its accumulation and then they start to develop some of the hallmark characteristics of the condition one very interesting about GHB is its effects on slow-wave sleep which is quite unique to other sleep inducing compounds and so the work with Matt Walker and Bryce manager over at Berkley is thinking that sleep loss is not only a symptom of the condition but it might be also causative to its pathophysiology because it is during that slow-wave sleep particularly sub 1 Hertz slow waves that rain is clearing out those neuro toxic substances like beta amyloid and so when you can promote slow-wave sleep these areas that accumulated fastest might have an easier time processing the waste of metabolism that occurs in the brain one other interesting aspect of GHB is that it also will induce the brain protease Napolitan which breaks down beta amyloid so it has a positive effect on slow asleep but also induces this brain protease and similarly to beta hydroxy can serve as a fuel for the brain by entering into the electron transport chain of the mitochondria at complex two so you've got all these possible ways more than just one whereby this butyrate like substance which is get my drugs butyrate is having an effect so iterates are all stars this sleep questions is really cool and I've seen some really cool data about a beta secretion converted like dynamically with sleep state and this scary for like you know someone who's been through a PhD or medical residency there's like one night good sleep you can detect the higher release of a beta and this gives me an excuse to talk about delirium if you think of dementia as being the the like chronic disease of the brain delirium is like an acute brain attack and this is what I spend a lot of time in the hospital trying to prevent and treat so it's when people or especially people in the hospital if they're sick or if things are happening to them especially older people especially people with dementia but even if you don't have dementia we're prone to getting this acute confusional state it's really terrifying when you see it you know people don't know where they are they don't recognize their family is paranoid they're hallucinating it's very sudden unfortunately it's often reversible just as suddenly but one of them big triggers is sleep disruptions and so the protocols that we use in the hospital to try to prevent this acute brain attack of delirium one of the key parts of that is as simple as trying to let people sleep and amaizing nighttime interruptions making sure that it's dark in the room it's not loud noises that they get natural light during the day to keep their circadian regulation and intact and sounds like such a simple thing but it has huge clinical impact yeah the biology behind that has got to be fascinating we thought we talked about memory and we talked about how they lived a little bit longer where else has this been studied bhp and aging yeah it's pretty early days honestly in a field and it there's all this circumstantial evidence from the huge amount of data around dietary restriction and fasting patterns and fasting mimic and all that sort of thing where bhp is a fellow traveler it's there but we don't know if that's what's doing the business of the fasting and things was only our study and the study from UC Davis were the first long-term lifespan aging studies of mice on a ketogenic diet which is a little crazy that that hadn't been done before but this was really the first time that we could show that you know as long as you control for weight and don't let the mice cute obese that the ketogenic diet has these measurable effects on unlife spam and phenotypes of aging a next front is getting deeper on one of the components of the ketogenic diet that are active like that we both took an early stab at that and that we didn't just study a ketogenic diet in the mice but we also studied a very low carbohydrate but not quite ketogenic diet so carbohydrate restricted but there's enough carbohydrates there to suppress ketogenesis in the mice in the mice that works out to about 15% of their calories from carbohydrates versus the key genic diet has zero so that that carbohydrate restriction alone has health effects to those mice trended towards living longer but they were sort of in between the high carbohydrate controls and the ketogenic they were liking the middle and I didn't test their memory but the group at UC Davis showed that in some of the tests they also saw this intermediate effect it wasn't as good as K genic diet but it also was maybe better than the controls so just carbohydrate restriction probably has important health effects on its own we kind of know that already because we know that has big effects on insulin and glucose and even IGF and in this case we also saw suppression of Tor activity just from the carbohydrate restriction so good reasons what carbohydrate restriction alone so how do we tease out what ketone bodies do and the Aleutians can probably guess now we have some technologies to do this in the form of exogenous ketones it's really hard to just feed beta hydroxy butyrate or to eat a meal of it I would not recommend that your listeners try that because it's an organic acid and so you're eating a lot of an acid it's about the same pH as vinegar or a lot of salt to try to neutralize it and you can't just eat a meal of beta hydroxy butyrate but you can use chemical tricks to create compounds that you can eat in a meal quantity but then that your body's will metabolize directly into beta hydroxy butyrate so now we can use these compounds to try to see if the effects on Aging that we saw from ketogenic diet do we see them just from ketone bodies just from beta hydroxy butyrate and that's the cutting edge right now no one's done a lifespan study for example of an exogenous ketone yet I'm sure this is going to happen sooner rather than later and in fact there is one example of that already underway so the National Institute on Aging supports this interventions testing program which is sort of like a multicenter clinical trial for interventions that target aging in mice so it's three sites around the country that do these enormous mouse experiments to see if the various drugs and compounds make mice live longer so this was their most famous hit of course was rapamycin but this is the program that identified acarbose and some alpha estradiol and a couple of others as compounds that as rigorously as we can tell affect aging in mice so they're testing one example of a ketone body precursor compound in the current batch we'll probably find out in two or three years if it works or not to affect the lifespan of those money so we're really interesting to see I hope that the studies allow us to see the detail of conditions of a fasted State promoted with beta hydroxy butyrate but in a fed state and do you end up with conflicts where there are you're stimulating fasted State physiology but you have a normal or even higher calories does that actually put fuel on the fire or is it make it a better situation I don't know but I hope we can tell ya we don't know and we need to do the science to find out and you can reason it out in both directions and tie yourself in knots I imagine so for example there are some cells that like to metabolize beta hydroxy butyrate and given a choice between glucose and beta hydroxy butyrate they will absorb and metabolize the Benelux Commuter rate but there are other cells that don't have that preference so Dan Kelly at University of Pennsylvania has done some really nice work around ketogenic diets and ketone bodies and models of heart failure and he and some other folks have tested this in humans to show that heart cells prefer using bit hydroxy butyrate so if you give them beta hydroxy butyrate even in the normal fed state they'll use it for energy and you'll presumably get the effects of the fasting State for heart cells not all cells are going to be like that and one thing that I think we've also learned in the aging field this is true in every field of biology it's not just about turning on or turning off enzymes but it's also about the contexts and about the fuel and about the substrates and everything has to be able to work together I think this has been one of the examples of the sirtuin nad field Jewishness might be familiar with so sirtuins group of enzymes have been implicated in many organisms and regulating aging processes but trying to turn them on and turn them off with drugs has obviously been a little bit disappointing and one of the reasons that people think that is is sort to ins use as a cofactor for their work on metabolic molecule called nad and it turns out that as you age you have less and less nad in your cells if there's not enough nad around it doesn't matter how hard you try to turn on sirtuins they can't do their work without nad but now we're shifting to the idea of maybe you need to replace the nad + + - also turn on the sirtuins but you have to make the whole context work you say might be true for metabolism so just having beta-hydroxybutyrate around even if it's helping to for example turn on fat metabolism genes or activate fat metabolism how much of an effect will I really have it's not in the context of a state where that fats available to be metabolized the rest of your body is trying to metabolize fat we really don't know probably we'll find out that just ketone bodies alone like exogenous ketones will be useful in some contexts but it's not really a key genic diet in a pill it's not really fasting in a pill it's just one element of that we need to figure out how that element can be useful but some of these studies are underway now so there are least three good-sized clinical trials I know of my different centers around the country in the US which are testing different forms of ki genic diet and people with mild or moderate Alzheimer's disease super cool science and really excited to see what winds up happening with those clinical trials on human we have a guide that shows you how to do what we think is a good version of that kit agenda guides but he wants to try it we walk through the principles and then show you these are the foods to eat etc so if you're interested in giving a try you can take a look at it there but thank you for your work and I'd love to have you back on yeah same here thanks a lot dad this was fun thanks for listening and come visit us soon a human OS dot me

- Dr. Eric Verdin on Ketogenic Diet Longevity, Beta-Hydroxybutyrate, HDAC Inhibitors & NAD+: Kind: captions Language: en Rhonda: Hello, everyone. Welcome back to another episode of the “FoundMyFitness” podcast. I am sitting here with Dr. Eric Verdin, who is the president of the Buck Institute for Research on Aging. Now, I recently saw a quote from you that said you stated that a child born in the year 2007 had a 50% chance of living to be 104 years old. Dr. Verdin: Yes. Rhonda: First of all, yes, you did. Can you explain what you mean by that? Because that’s pretty exciting. Dr. Verdin: I think it says what it says based on the projection of where the progression and lifespan that has happened during the last 100 years, which has been about 2 years per decade. I think scientists at Berkeley actually have been able to… This data comes out of a book that was based on data from Berkeley suggesting that a child born in 2007 has a 50% chance of living to 104. Rhonda: After reading that quote, I was thinking, “Well, maybe some of these lifestyle interventions that we know to regulate the aging process that we know that can have a positive effect on healthspan. Can you maybe tell people a little bit about what are some of the main lifestyle interventions that are known to regulate the aging process at least in animal models? And in humans as well. I think, there are, you know, four broad categories of things that are being considered by the aging field. One is exercise is to this day the surest, best intervention that we have to increase healthspan and lifespan. The second one is nutrition, and there’s a lot of research going on today trying to understand what is it about nutrition and carbohydrates versus fat, versus proteins, what is the relative role of all these nutrients in your lifespan and healthspan. The third one, which is actually an active field of investigation, is the identification of molecules that mimic either exercise or the sort of exercise mimetic or mimic restriction in terms of nutrients, what we call calorie restriction mimetics. And, finally, the last part of the whole aging field is the idea of rejuvenation. So, the first three approaches are geared towards slowing down the process of aging. Rejuvenation takes the approach that once the aging has occurred how can you repair it and how can you fix it. So, I think, you know, we have programs here that are studying all four different approaches. I think you’re probably familiar with Jack LaLanne, who is one of the gurus that started the American sort of infatuation with exercise. He lived to 100 years old, and he said that, “Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together, and you have a kingdom,” which I think is really true. You know, for me and many of my colleagues, I think exercise and nutrition is the cornerstone of what we’re trying to do today until we have better drugs. Rhonda: It’s a beautiful quote. And in terms of the nutrition, when I think of nutrition, you mentioned, you know, the macronutrient content, trying to understand the ratios of carbohydrates, and protein, and fat, I often think of the micronutrients when I think of nutrition. My mentor for my postdoc was Dr. Bruce Ames, and, of course, you know, he’s very focused on micronutrients, vitamins, minerals, essential fatty acids, and amino acids. But, in the past couple of decades, the research has seemed to show that limiting these certain macronutrients, protein, fat, carbohydrates, you sort of tweak the amount that you take in, you can alter the way an animal ages at least in terms of the way their tissues are aging. You’re not necessarily going to, you know, increase their maximum lifespan, but you may increase their average lifespan, which is… Dr. Verdin: Yes, I think, in the last 20 years, we’ve learned a lot. And, a lot of these research has been actually causing a reevaluation of some of the public policies that have been enacted in the last 20 and 30 years in terms of what should you eat, when should you eat. So, a lot of work is ongoing today and actually generating lots of really interesting data. Along with this, the basic science of aging, I think what people have studied is trying to understand what are the pathways that control aging in C. elegans, in Drosophila, the fruit flies, in the little nematode, or in mice. One of the major pathways that has emerged is insulin signaling pathway. That was the work of Cynthia Kenyon back in 1990 showing that the insulin signaling pathway is one of the major pathways that controls Well, if you know this, you can already sort of backtrack and say, “Well, what does insulin do?” It’s the major hormone that allows you to utilize carbohydrates, and so the implication of this is the more carbohydrates you eat the more you activate the insulin signaling pathway, and the prediction would be that the more or the faster you age. And I think the real data really suggests this model. Now, it lies completely in the face of what we’ve assumed to be correct. You can walk into any store and find low-fat diet and low-fat products. Turns out that we really believe that the culprit is more carbohydrates. And a recent paper just came out, which is really remarkable, showing, analyzing in thousands of humans fraction of their total calorie intake that is represented by carbohydrates, and they were able to…just by interviewing them and asking, you know, “What do you eat?” And what they showed in this paper is all-cause mortality was directly correlated to the amount of carbohydrate that one eats. So, the people who ate the least amount of carbohydrates showed the lowest all-cause mortality. Rhonda: Wow. Did they differentiate between refined carbohydrates and, for example, vegetables which are carbohydrates? Dr. Verdin: They did. They didn’t. And I think, you know, this is obviously not all carbohydrates are created equal, but I think… Rhonda: Possible confounder. Dr. Verdin: Irrespective, total carbohydrate was a very strong predictor. But, obviously, you know, if your total carbohydrates intake… It’s very hard to eat a high amount of carbohydrates that are all sort of a low absorption type of carbohydrates. So, typically, the people who eat a lot of carbohydrate will eat a lot of the bad ones as well. Rhonda: Right. Yeah. Most people that are eating that are probably eating more of a standard sort of American diet, you know, where it’s chips, crackers, and cookies, and I think people that are following more like of a Paleolithic type of diet, where they’re eating, you know, whole foods, and meat, and nuts, probably would eat their carbohydrate intake. The bowl could be from vegetables, things like that. But, you’re mentioning a really important point, is that the carbohydrate intake and the insulin signaling pathway, these things, carbohydrates regulate that, but also you limit your carbohydrate intake when you’re fasting, right? I mean… Dr. Verdin: You limit all of your intake. Rhonda: Oh, yeah, all of it essentially, yeah. But, your insulin signaling goes down, right? And, maybe you could talk a little bit about, you know, fasting, because fasting is one of the well-known, you know, dietary interventions that can regulate the way we ate. And the key question about fasting is there’s growing evidence that it is beneficial. Intermittent fasting, episodic fasting can actually illicit a response in our bodies and many animal models that are protective against aging. The question is, how does it happen? So, fasting has growing evidence that it actually increases lifespan and healthspan, and the so-called fasting mimicking diets are emerging. A group, Valter Longo’s, suggesting that, you know, these diets have really beneficial effect on healthspan, even in humans. Now, the key question is how do they work, and there are multiple possible mechanism. And it’s possible that the resulting effect is a combination of all of them, of all mechanisms. So, one is decreasing carbohydrate intake. So, that would lead to a decrease in insulin signaling. Second one is restricting protein intake, which would actually lead to decreased mTOR signaling and so on. The third one is induction of ketosis, which is a small nutrient which is generated by your liver during the fasting process, and all works indicates that just ketosis and a ketogenic diet might have beneficial effect all by itself. Rhonda: Yeah. So, you recently published a paper. Your lab recently published a paper where you had taken male mice and given them a cyclic ketogenic diet. So, that started in mid-life? Dr. Verdin: Actually, it started at one year old. Rhonda: One year old, okay. Dr. Verdin: So, this is about a third of their normal lifespan. So, that would be equivalent of a 30-year-old human. Rhonda: Okay. So, exactly you found that it increased the healthspan of these animals? Rhonda: And also there is some effect on the brain? Very interesting data suggesting… Again, the whole experiment started on the idea, the observation that there are many similarities between what happens during ketosis on a ketogenic diet and what happens on calorie-restriction or fasting. And so, with a colleague in the lab, John Newman, a number of years ago, we started asking the question, you know, “Would mice on a ketogenic diet live longer?” So, we spend about a year and a half with John trying to identify the conditions where this mice would be on fats and protein diets, essentially had zero carbohydrates, after one year of age. The problem we had initially is that they actually loved the stuff so they would just devour this diet, and they got fat. So, we were worried that by becoming obese we would sort of counterbalance beneficial effects of the ketogenic diet. So, we spend a bit of time trying to solve this. Eventually, were able to put them one week on, one week off, and that resulted in a stable weight in the mice, and that allowed us to look at their healthspan and lifespan at the end of their lives. And what we’ve saw was an increased medium lifespan by about 10%, so their early mortality was decreased. But, eventually, they ended up having no increase in maximum lifespan. We also found a number of other variables associated with healthspan that were significantly increased, in particular memory. These mice, the most remarkable thing we saw is that these older mice on the ketogenic diet showed actually better memory than younger mice, and certainly we did not see the loss of memory function that one would normally see associated with the aging process. So, I think it was a pretty profound observation. I should say also Jon Ramsey and his colleague at UC Davis conducted the same type of experiment except that instead of putting the mice on a cyclic one week, one week off diet, they allotted fixed portions to the mice so they couldn’t overeat. They gave them the same amount of calories that they would’ve been eating had they been on a normal diet, and so these mice did not get fat and were continuously on the ketogenic diet. And what they saw is essentially parallel to what we saw, but the effects were even a little better, which suggests that the cycling might have been actually a bit stressful for the mice over the long run. And so I think we’re very excited by these two studies, because they were conducted independently. We found out only that we were pursuing the same thing right at the end at the time of publishing, and then we decided to coordinate publication of the stories, and they came out in the same journal together. So, I think they both reinforced each other. There is really clearly intriguing biology there happening, and this was the first time that this had been reported. Rhonda: Wow, absolutely. It’s very exciting. I read your paper. I did not read the parallel paper. I did see the headline for it. But, just to kind of go back to the memory thing that your lab identified, so the ketone body, the major circulating one that’s generated is beta-hydroxybutyrate, and that’s involved in energy metabolism, but also you have found it has other roles in addition to its role in energy metabolism, which we can talk about in a minute. But, what are your thoughts as to why, you know, the memory enhancement was so good or, you know, so robust? Do you think that has to do with energy metabolism, mitochondrial function, or do you know? Dr. Verdin: We do not know, but it’s the central question of everything we do right now with respect to the ketogenic diet, is really trying to understand. So, beta-hydroxybutyrate is generated from our own fat during the fasting process. So, when we start fasting, the body needs energy, and we’ll grab it out of our fat cells. These fat cells release fat in the circulation. It goes into the liver, and the liver transforms the fat into beta-hydroxybutyrate. Now, why does it do this? Because our brain cannot use fat as a source of energy. Our brain can only rely on glucose or on beta-hydroxybutyrate. And so the way the system is geared up is the fat gets released into the liver, and the liver distributes the beta-hydroxybutyrate to the whole brain who can then use it and spare glucose. So, why do you want to spare glucose? The reason is that once you are fasting, at least for four hours, the only way you can make glucose is from proteins. And so if you’re in a prolonged fast, you start digesting your muscles to make proteins, to make glucose, and you don’t wanna lose all of your proteins and all of your muscles. So, the glucose-sparing effect of beta-hydroxybutyrate is to spare muscle mass if you’re fasting. So, the system is really carefully engineered to really generate a whole new way for your body to utilize energy when you’re fasting. Are you aware of the glucose-sparing effect in the brain where… I know it’s been shown at least in terms of lactate. So the astrocytes in your brain do make lactate, because they’re glycolytic, and then neurons will take it up much like beta-hydroxybutyrate. They go through the same transporter. Dr. Verdin: Yes, yes. Rhonda: But, when there’s an abundance of lactate, and I don’t know if studies have been done on beta-hydroxybutyrate in the brain looking at this specific thing or not, but the glucose sparing that occurs is the glucose gets shunted into the pentose phosphate pathway to make NADPH, which is a precursor for glutathione synthesis. And so the idea is that under, like, a traumatic situation, like traumatic brain injury, when there’s a lot of oxidative stress happening, you need glutathione to counter from that. So, it’d be interesting to see in your study if you can look at some of those pathways to see if they’re upregulating or making glutathione, because brain aging kind of is like a traumatic insult, but, like, slowly chronic, right? I mean, in a way. Dr. Verdin: Well, you know, we published a paper. What got us into this field was an observation that we published in “Science” in 2010 showing that beta-hydroxybutyrate, in addition to being a nutrient, as we just discussed, is also a signaling molecule. And what we found at that time was that beta-hydroxybutyrate, which is quite similar to butyrate, butyrate is a byproduct of bacterial fermentation in our gut. Actually, when we eat fibers, these bacteria will digest the fibers into butyrates, and this butyrate actually circulates in many of us as we live. Butyrate was the first known or first identified inhibitor of HDACs, histone deacetylases, which are epigenetic regulators, and so that suggested that maybe beta-hydroxybutyrate might be an endogenous regulator of these HDACs. Now, the reason why we were interested in HDACs is because they have been linked to aging as well. Stephen Helfand’s work has shown that an enzyme called Rpd3 in yeast is actually a regulator of the sirtuins, which are themselves a regulator of aging. So, there’s a pathway that’s in yeast that’s been established actually in Drosophila as well linking Rpd3 to sirtuin to aging, the aging process, and these HDACs that I’m talking about are in the same pathway. So, that got us to start thinking, “Could beta-hydroxybutyrate be also an HDAC inhibitor?” and it was. And then this implicated that it might actually be able to regulate gene expression, and some of the key targets that we found were enzymes such as FOXO3, which is a major sort of transcription factor in humans linked to aging, and it turns out that FOXO3 actually controls the response to oxidative stress. So, there’s another link there that, you know, brings not only the pentose phosphate, NADPH, but beta-hydroxybutyrate actually protects against oxidative stress, both as a nutrient, but also as a transcription or regulator. Rhonda: That’s super cool. Do you know what levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate are required to sort of flip that switch and… Dr. Verdin: It’s a very good question. It’s probably one of the reasons why no one did the experiment before us. Butyrates and beta-hydroxybutyrate are poor inhibitors. They have very low efficiency as HDAC inhibitors. It’s in a millimolar concentration. And, as an inhibitor, nobody wants to work on millimolar inhibitors, because it’s not potent enough. What most ipeople did not realize is that the concentration of beta-hydroxybutyrate in your plasma or in your brain during fasting can go in the millimolar range very quickly. I was reading a paper, discussing these concentrations, and was astounded. I thought, “Well, millimolar concentration, this means that it might really work as an HDAC inhibitor.” And so we tested this by putting a pump under the skin of a mice with beta-hydroxybutyrate and then measuring histone acetylation throughout the mouse, and we found that histone acetylation marks were going up, suggesting that there was indeed an inhibition of HDAC. And I think that was the turning point for us. Rhonda: By giving them exogenous beta-hydroxybutyrate. Dr. Verdin: Yes, not even the fasting. Because fasting or a ketogenic diet is much more complicated than just giving beta-hydroxybutyrate. Rhonda: They were on a normal chow diet. Dr. Verdin: Normal chow diet. They were not fasted. And we found that their ketone body levels were going very high in the millimolar range. And, within a few hours, their histones were becoming hyperacetylated. And so that for us, I think, signified that here’s a molecule that is produced during fasting, and they’re conditions that we know are good for your health. So, ketogenic diet has been indicated, has been shown to have some beneficial effect under a series of circumstances. I was on this. We had a potential signaling mechanism, and that’s what we’ve pursued. I do remember saying that paper was published in “Science” at 2010 or something like that. Dr. Verdin: Or ‘11. I do remember that paper. Very super cool paper. I actually talk about it quite often, you know, when I’m talking about beta-hydroxybutyrate. So, what do you think of exogenous ketone esters? Like, do you think that they’re safe? Is that something that you know about or have thought about? Dr. Verdin: Well, we’ve thought about it. We are experimenting with them as well. It is one of the central questions. It’s most of the beneficial effect that we have seen have been with the ketogenic Again, that’s very different from a high beta-hydroxybutyrate level. And one of the remaining or at least the next step in this whole field is really to understand what can we recapitulate with beta-hydroxybutyrate alone, and I think we’re working actively on this and so are many other groups. The ketogenic diet itself it’s important to realize is not an easy diet to live on. You know, I don’t mean to be diminishing the merit… Actually, I highlight the merit of people who are on a long-term ketogenic diet. It takes a lot of discipline. You basically cannot eat a significant amount Many people who have been on this diet for a long time actually tout its benefits and the fact that they feel very healthy and they feel very present. There are a lot of brain effects linked to Now, big question is what can we replicate just by administering BHB, beta-hydroxybutyrate, alone. I think that you’re absolutely right, you know, and not to mention that with a ketogenic diet there’s also… You know, some people can’t really do them. You know, there are certain gene polymorphisms. I know there’s one in the PPAR-alpha gene which is important for the whole process of making ketone bodies and that people have that they actually can’t do that very well, and so it can be sort of dangerous, and they can have inflammation. Sort of the opposite profile will happen, you know, so it’s certainly something to consider. And then not to mention, like, you found in your paper that you just published this year…was it last month? Dr. Verdin: Yeah. Rhonda: Yeah, last month. That you found, you know, there were multiple changes going on. I think there was a decrease in insulin, obviously, and IGF-1, and mTOR activity went down. And then, you know, so that’s something you’re not gonna just get from beta-hydroxybutyrate. Maybe, we don’t know. I don’t… Dr. Verdin: We don’t know. I suspect, not for the mTOR part, but we compared the ketogenic diet to a high-fat diet which was not ketogenic, which mice ate a large amount of fat and enough carbohydrate to suppress ketogenesis. And one of the biggest difference, I think, actually between these two was the activation of PPAR-alpha. And this is also very exciting, because that indicates that maybe a lot of the beneficial effect that we see on the ketogenic diet come from PPAR-alpha activation. We’ve been reading that literature. There’s quite a bit of information there that really hasn’t been pursued as a next direction to try to dissect these effects. Rhonda: Because PPAR-alpha’s doing something to the mitochondria. What’s the main… Dr. Verdin: It’s a key enzyme of the fasting response, but it seems to be more highly activated in response to the ketogenic diet than to a pure high-fat diet. Rhonda: What about fasting, if you compare fasting to… Dr. Verdin: It is activated. We did not compare to fasting. We compared it just high-fat to…but I think it just points to a new direction in which we can start dissecting what is the role of PPAR-alpha in these responses. Rhonda: But, with your diet, you limited the protein intake, and you didn’t limit the caloric intake, that was the other study? Dr. Verdin: No. The protein intake was actually 10% isocaloric between all of the diets that we tested, and the other group did the same thing. So, we were very careful not to change the protein intake. And the other group actually did change a bit the protein content, which could be taken as a confounding variable. So, I think we were very careful in not changing the protein count there. Rhonda: Is that standard for… You know, ketogenic diets have grown in popularity. And, you know, so do you think that the ketogenic diet you used you hadn’t have done a 10% protein if they had done a little bit more? I’m not sure if maybe that technically wouldn’t have even been a ketogenic diet. But would it have changed the IGF-1 mTOR axis as much, or… Dr. Verdin: You’re bringing an important point, which is that a number of people who go on a ketogenic diet tend to compensate by increasing their protein intake, which might actually put them at risk for exactly what you’re describing, increase IGF-1 signaling and increase actually risk of cancer. There’s a really close correlation between your IGF-1 level and your risk of cancer. So, I think this is something that needs to be considered in the future for people who are on a long-term ketogenic diet. Rhonda: And with the caloric restriction diets as well, there was a study I remember reading that humans that end up doing caloric restriction, like just the whole society of caloric restriction, they eat, you know, 30% less calories than they normally would or whatever, something But, they end up eating a higher percentage of protein, because it’s more satiating. So, humans sort of naturally gravitate to eating more protein when they’re eating less food. And so what’s interesting is a lot of those… I think you even published a study recently looking at biomarkers of aging in lymphocytes or monocytes? And we saw no difference between people in calorie restriction. This is something important to consider when lot of the work that we do in the lab are done on mice that are isogenic or congenic, so these are mice that are also mated to one another. When you bring discoveries to the human population, it is critical to take into consideration the incredible variation between different people and how they might respond to the same interventions. We know from everything that we’ve studied in the medicine that I am not the same as you are and you are different from your neighbor in many biological responses, and that includes response through calorie restriction as suspected. In a number of people, it would actually do them harm, and in a number of people, it will do them good. We know this when we test it from strains of mice by calorie restriction. Half of the strains actually responded by shortening of lifespan, the other half by an increase in lifespan. So, we take calorie restriction, for example, as a universal modification that will increase lifespan. It’s not what is seen in the literature, and I would say the same is going to be even more true for humans. So, I think this brings out one of the key things that is lacking in the field of aging, is the identification of biomarkers that would allow us to test on an individual basis whether the intervention or the modifications that you’re imposing is actually pointing you in the right direction or in the wrong direction. And I would caution anyone who’s considering doing something long-term in terms of their health to be very careful in how they feel and how…because we don’t have these biomarkers of aging. They’re emerging, but they’re not validated, and certainly not in the human populations. They’re emerging in mice models and other models, but sort of that’s really where we will be going in the next few years, is really having true biomarkers that allow us to predict whether a given intervention is beneficial or actually hurtful. What do you think are the top three right now we have for biomarkers for aging? Dr. Verdin: I can tell you the one that are really exciting me. Alexander Zhavoronkov has a company called Insilico Medicine that is building biomarkers of aging based on facial recognition and based on metabolites. Just consider how… Rhonda: Metabolites. So, consider how you and I can look at a human and pretty much guess what their age is for most people, and consider the fact that where this is coming from is the fact that we’ve lived, and we’ve met thousands of people, and we’ve heard about their ages, and we sort of build a database of information. So, what Alex and his company have done is they’ve taken the pictures of thousands of people and fed them to a deep neural network and artificial intelligence, and the computer has been able to learn how to recognize and to link on average what is the face of a 7-year-old versus a 60-year-old. So, you can do this, and they will tell you what the computer thinks your age is, and for some people you fall right on, but some number of people you find that your age based on your face actually looks younger or older. So, this would be a reflection your biological age. He’s also been able to do this with the blood markers. With 20, or 30, or 40 sort of usual blood markers, by screening a large number of people, he can actually generate curves, and then you can put in your blood values and see where you fit. So, that’s one approach. BioAge is a company in the Bay Area that is actually pursuing the same idea, looking at artificial intelligence and biomarkers in plasma or in urine and so on for identifying your age. And, finally, one big area is the whole idea of the epigenetic clock. Rhonda: Steve Horvath, yeah. Dr. Verdin: Steve Horvath and Trey Ideker have shown that there are changes in DNA methylation that are actually pretty closely chronological So, I think all of those together are emerging as indicative that there are markers that we can reliably measure. The key is how many of those do we need, how can we reduce this to something that can be a very strong predictor, not so much of your chronological age, but of your biological I think there was a study I did read, maybe it was the company that you mentioned, where there was a panel of blood biomarkers that they looked at, like, telomere length, and immunosenescence, and, you know, the standard panel. And then they had people, I think it was people, that were asked to identify their facial age or something like that, and then they asked their chronological age, and their facial age actually matched their biological age more than their chronological or something Dr. Verdin: Exactly. We all know in our acquaintances some people that actually look younger and some people that look older. And we know this because we have a deep neural network in our head that has allowed us to build, you know, reference points so that we can pretty much guess how old people are. And the computer does it even more efficiently, because it can be fed tens or hundreds of thousands of pictures and… Rhonda: That’s cool. I want to try it out. It is actually pretty cool. Rhonda: I’m gonna be getting my telomeres tested, you know. Just I don’t know how reliable that’s gonna be. We’ll see about it. You know, I’ve been getting less sleep than usual, because I’m a new mother, and that’s what I’m trying to effect, but it’ll be interesting to see. Anyways, I sort of digressed. I kind of wanted to ask you a little bit about, you know, we’re talking about fasting, and we talked a lot about, you know, insulin signaling decreasing, IGF-1. We’ve talked about before in the podcast before with Valter Longo and others just how protein restriction seems to really regulate that, and that also regulates aging process, mTOR as well. But, something else that really seems to change with fasting is the NAD levels, and that’s something that, you know, your lab has studied extensively with the sirtuins. So, maybe could you talk a little bit about… Because NAD is also extremely exciting to me, and it’s pretty popular these days as well. So, NAD has emerged as one of these critical intermediary metabolites. Think of ketone bodies, NAD, all, I call them currencies. I mean, so think about the organism as a country. You need to circulate energy, and NAD is one way that our body is utilizing within the cell to convert and transfer energy. It’s almost like the Brinkman truck. It carries the money. And NAD is a hydride acceptor. While we oxidize foods, it can actually serve as an acceptor for electron, and then it can transfer them, for example, to the respiratory chain. So, it’s one way for the energy to be circulated within the cell, and there’s growing evidence that its level decrease during aging. Why that happens is still one of the big mysteries, and so this has yielded a whole approach. They’re trying to understand, first, what are the consequences of decreased NAD levels, and one of the consequences is that enzymes like sirtuins which rely on NAD to exert all of their beneficial activities actually function less well. That’s what happens during aging. But, also many other enzymes that are involved in our metabolism are relying on NAD, and so they function less well, so your intermediary metabolism functions less well. The sirtuins, which are global regulators, function less well. Your… Anyways, I lost my… Rhonda: You’re basically falling apart. Essentially, you know, everything becomes a little less efficient. So, out of these discoveries came the idea that maybe we should replenish the decreasing levels of NAD, and so this has yielded some discoveries, such as nicotinamide riboside, nicotinamide mononucleotide, which are now being taken by a lot of people with the hope that they will, you know, correct some of these problems. One word of caution I think there is, we do not know why these levels decrease. They could decrease because we have decreased production of NAD, but it could also decrease because we have accelerated destruction of NAD, which means, if it’s accelerated destruction, bringing more into it is sort of like pouring more NAD in a leaky sink. So, I think a lot of our work right now is trying to understand what is the cause of the decrease in NAD during aging, because I think it will yield very different solutions. If you find that there’s a leaky sink, we’ll work at plugging the sink versus keeping pouring water. Rhonda: I have a theory. Rhonda: So, I know, you know, I did a lot of work with DNA damage, and knowing that one of the main enzymes… Dr. Verdin: PARP. Rhonda: Exactly. I mean, if you think about… So one of the main enzymes that repairs damage as we age, DNA damage, PARP, requires NAD, and it’s like if you’re accumulating more and more damage as you age, you have to repair more of that damage, and the more and more damage you’re having, maybe it’s sucking the NAD sort of like almost a triage where you got to keep repairing that damage, so then other things like the mitochondria suffer. So… Dr. Verdin: I completely agree, and so there are two major theories right now that have been proposed in terms of why does NAD go down. One is activated PARP, and, indeed, as we age, we accumulate DNA damage. That’s been shown, especially in the brain recently, and so the idea is, by activating PARP, you constantly deplete your NAD levels. The second one is we all have in our body a so-called salvage pathway for NAD, because NAD turns over. There’s this so-called salvaged pathway that allows it to be recycled back to…so we can get NAD from the food, but also we salvage the one that we utilize, and the salvage pathway has been shown to becoming paralyzed while you age. There’s an enzyme called NAMPT that has received a lot of attention. That enzyme tends to be inhibited by chronic inflammation and a high-fat diet. So, it could be a combination of both of these things, but it could be actually working on another mechanism, which is that there might be accelerated destruction by other enzymes beyond par. And getting some exciting results in this direction. Rhonda: Cool. So, for people that are not familiar with, like, in terms of what role it plays, you know, in the aging process, you know, it seems as though, at least in some of the studies that I’ve seen, that mitochondrial function really seems to be important and that you’ve shown that the sirtuin-3 in the mitochondria itself seems to be really important for the mitochondrial function, keeping your mitochondria young. Mitochondria play a very important role in Dr. Verdin: A critical role. You know, many of the aging pathways that we know, be it the unfolded protein response, or mitochondrial biogenesis, all point to efficient mitochondria as one of the key ways to stay young. And one reason is because this is a way so you can generate energy from glycolysis, which is glucose, carbohydrates, which, as we know, is linked to aging, but also via mitochondria via a process called oxidative phosphorylation, and that process is not necessarily depending on glucose, but is depending on an efficient mitochondrial function. So, we talked about NAD-dependent enzyme. Many of these enzymes reside in the mitochondria. And we found that, for example, the NAD supplementation that is being tested in a variety of aging model requires sirtuin-3 quite often, this mitochondrial sirtuin, yes. Rhonda: Oh, really? Nicotinamide riboside? Dr. Verdin: Yes, for example, the paper we’ve published was focused on the age-associated or noise-induced loss of hearing. So, if you actually subject mice or humans to very acute noise, they have a dose-dependent loss of hearing. You can protect the mice completely from this effect by supplementing with NAD. Dr. Verdin: But with nicotinamide riboside, so if you’re going to a rock concert… Rhonda: Right, musicians. Dr. Verdin: …and you wanna protect yourself, this is definitely something that… Rhonda: Harley-Davidson riders. In mice, it actually had an enormous effect, and we found that this effect was dependent on sirtuin-3, so in sirtuin-3 knockout mice, the effect was lost. Rhonda: Do you know if that was dependent on sirtuin-3 in the mitochondria of stem cells, or was it just any cell, or do not know? Dr. Verdin: So, in the case of hearing loss, it’s dependent on some really uniquely sensitive cells in the inner ear. But, generally, there’s been sort of an assumption in the field that most of the effect of nicotinamide ribosides, protective effect, are dependent on sirtuin-1. I think in… And, in some case, it is. In this particular case, noise-induced hearing loss, it was really clearly sirtuin-3. Rhonda: So, even the studies that have looked at, for example, I think there was a mouse, had some sort of mitochondrial disorder, even that one was dependent on sirtuin-1? Dr. Verdin: No, actually it did not. In that case, I think the assumption was that it might be helping global mitochondrial function. And so there’s a growing number of cases and, for example, DNA-damage-associated disease where you see accelerated aging where people have been testing the effects of supplementation, because those conditions are associated with decreased PARP activity, just like you mentioned. And, in those cases, I think it hasn’t always been clearly mapped what is the real target of NAD that is dependent for the beneficial effect. Rhonda: So, NAD levels do decrease with age. Has it been looked at, like, for example, in animals, like in rodents, when they’re fasted, because fasting increases NAD when they’re fasting and they’re older? Does that help rejuvenate the NAD irrespective of their age? Does it… Dr. Verdin: I don’t know. I don’t know the answer to that question. It’s a great question. I think, you know, one thing that I remember also about fasting and other critical effect of fasting that is really essential in our thinking is autophagy, and so, you know, there’s growing evidence also that autophagy by itself responds to nutrient availability, so NAD levels, acetyl-CoA levels. This is a new area that people are starting to work in, including my labs, trying to understand what is it about acetyl-CoA, which is another, think about, currency exchanger in the cells, intermediary metabolite that appears to have not only a role as a nutrient, but also as a signaling molecule. Acetyl-CoA is in the Krebs cycle. It’s one of the key intermediary product of the Krebs cycle, but it’s also the substrate for a whole family of enzymes called the acetyltransferases, which are the opposite of what we were talking about, the HDACs, earlier. So, I think there’s really a lot of crosstalk between all of these pathways, and we’re working very actively now on modulation of signaling the acetyl-CoA and these acetyltransferases. Another approach is to mimic calorie restriction in the fasting stage. I had Dr. Guido Kroemer on the podcast, and he has been studying that as well. You know, it brings up a question I remember I wanted to ask you that was sort of, you know, biology is never just black and white, because I remember him, with his work, he was talking about how important decreasing protein acetylation was for activating autophagy, which happens during fasting, but also, during fasting, you have these beta-hydroxybutyrate, which is now…was it class 2 inhibitor? Dr. Verdin: Class 1. Rhonda: Class 1 inhibitor of the histone deacetylase, which is kind of the opposite, a little… Dr. Verdin: No, because you have to think, so beta-hydroxybutyrate is one step above the sirtuins, and actually the class 1 inhibitors are inhibitors of… Rhonda: Oh, they’re inhibitors. That makes sense. And so it fits perfectly if you go back to the… Rhonda: So class 1 is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase. That makes sense now. Okay. Rhonda: Thank you. There was a disconnect in my brain when I find to… Dr. Verdin: So, the whole idea of… If you think about acetyl-CoA, and we really draw a graph of acetyl-CoA regulating HATs, histone acetyltransferase, and NAD+ regulating the sirtuins, and these enzymes quite often stay in opposition, not all of them. But one of the key players in terms of histone acetyltransferase is p300, and that’s the one we’ve worked on and Guido Kroemer as well has worked on, and it makes sense. You get the same beneficial effects by activating your sirtuins, which lowers acetylation, as you do by inhibiting an acetyltransferase, which also lowers acetylation. So, the message is that nutrient feeding or, you know, low histone acetyltransferase activity or high sirtuin activity all lead to low protein acetylation, which is beneficial. Rhonda: And doing the ketogenic diet? Dr. Verdin: Regulates one step above. Rhonda: Does also, yeah. Dr. Verdin: But, obviously, there’s some complexity, because there are some histone marks that are depending on one enzyme. So, this is an oversimplified model, but so far it holds. Rhonda: What about autophagy with the ketogenic diet? Is that something… I mean, I don’t know if it would be… Dr. Verdin: It would be activated, because clearly it’s a fasting mimicking diet, but we haven’t really studied it directly. That would be interesting to look at. Also, the other question I would have is, you know, there’s a lot of stress on the liver when you’re doing that sort of diet, right? You’re relying on it for gluconeogenesis to make glucose. You’re oxidizing fat. Has anyone looked at sort of long-term ketogenic diets? We did. The liver seemed perfectly fine. Just imagine the liver is really…think about it as sort of an energy redistributor. If it’s not dealing with fat during fasting and transforming fat into ketone bodies, it is dealing with food coming in from the intestine during feeding. So, it’s always busy in one way or the other. So, I don’t think that there’s anything to be worried about it generating ketosis. I haven’t heard of any side effects linked to, you know, liver function and so on. Rhonda: The other thing would be at least with mice. In your study, you did cyclic. In the parallel study, they did, I guess, continuous, but they restricted the calories, but, you know, mice sort of, and this is something that goes back to something that Guido was talking about in the podcast, they have a notoriously fast metabolism. In fact, he said that, if you fast a mouse for 48 hours, they can lose, like, up to 20% of their body weight, which is, like, phenomenal. I mean, if human could do that, there’d be no obesity, you know. So, do you think that the fast metabolism, you know, coupled with something like the ketogenic diet or even just a lot of the fasting studies in general, is something that can… Like, if we see something like an increase in healthspan, and we see all these positive benefits in rodents, is that something that we may have hope in translating to humans, you think? Dr. Verdin: I do think, I mean, it’s important to realize that mice are not humans and that there’s a tall order in terms of proving something that has happened in mice all the way to humans, but that’s our mission. I mean, that’s what we need to do. Rhonda: And you have mechanisms. Dr. Verdin: And we have mechanisms. That’s the first step. It’s not always predictive, and a large number of drugs that have been shown to be efficient in mice have failed into humans, but that’s the first step that we can take. From our work, I think the next logical step is to go in humans and test. Rhonda: Is a ketogenic diet something that you’ve considered trying or doing? Dr. Verdin: I have tried. I have tried, and I’ve been on it for about a year. It’s hard to stay on. I called it a somewhat antisocial diet, because you can’t really drink alcohol, you can’t eat a lot of the things that we base, you know, our social interactions on. No breads, no pasta, and very little fruits. I think it’s… Rhonda: What about vegetables? Dr. Verdin: You can eat some vegetables, but, you know, depending which ones. On a global population basis, it’s not a realistic goal to expect that everyone is going to be on this ketogenic diet. Rhonda: Are you gonna continue doing it or… Dr. Verdin: No, I’m not on it right now. And I think I find that intermittent fasting is a much easier way to… Rhonda: Is that something you practice? Not right now, but I have intermittently. Rhonda: So, intermittent fasting, like 12 hours, 16 hours, or 24 hours? Dr. Verdin: Well, it’s still a growing question. There’s really interesting work coming out of the Salk Institute on something called time-restricted eating, time-restricted feeding, showing that it’s not just how much you eat or whether you’re eating carbohydrates, but it’s also how often you eat and allowing your everyday for a fasting period. I think that’s probably some of the most important work that we’ve seen recently in this whole field. And, you know, just think about what dietary authorities today are recommending, is three meals and three snacks. I think, based on what we are doing and learning, this is the worst possible way that you can possibly eat. So, I think allowing for each day to have this really restriction in terms of calorie intake allows you to activate all these pathways to suppress in certain secretion, to suppress store, to activate autophagy. All of these, I think, are really critical. In complete agreement with you. I’ve talked to Dr. Satchin Panda a couple of times on the podcast, a phenomenal researcher, and I’ve been doing time-restricted eating ever since I first spoke with him. Of course, when I was pregnant, I sort of couldn’t of do it as well, but I’m back doing it now, and, you know, I do feel much better when I do it. You know, I try to eat all of my food within a 10-hour window, and I find that that’s the best… Dr. Verdin: Fourteen hours is… Rhonda: Fourteen hours fasting. You know, I think maybe you can answer this question for me about, you know, it takes anywhere between, like, 12 to 36 hours to deplete your liver glycogen or something like Dr. Verdin: Actually, it could be faster. Well, instead, from four to six hours, you actually deplete most of it, yes. Rhonda: Did it depend on your physical activity levels or things like that? Dr. Verdin: Yeah, obviously. Physical exercise will deplete it much more quickly. In terms of entering ketosis, if you were to do it 14 hours, it’s not enough to really gain significant ketosis. You start seeing this at about 16 hours where your level will slowly rise. So, doing a 14-hour fast every night is something that I at least try to practice. Dr. Verdin: Yes, no nightcap. Rhonda: I think that’s the easiest. Yeah, no nightcap. Dr. Verdin: No nightcap, no, you know, glass of milk with a spoon of sugar going to bed. Rhonda: No wine. But, you get used to it. Dr. Verdin: Yes, absolutely. Rhonda: You know, you really do. And, you know, like I said, I think it’s the easiest. I haven’t really done a prolonged fast yet. I’ve spoken with Dr. Valter Longo, and, you know, he was talking about the prolonged fast in humans. Like, in mice, I think it’s like 48 hours, but in humans it’s a little like 4 or 5 days. Yeah, and so he has got this fasting-mimicking diet which sort of mimics some of the effects of fasting. I know several people that have done water fast. I haven’t braved it yet. Have you tried doing a prolonged fast? Dr. Verdin: Well, I’ve done, you know, Dr. Longo’s diet, the prolon diet. How was that? Dr. Verdin: I think it’s a really interesting science. What I like about it is the fact that it really takes this fasting to a scientific level. They’re doing the work. Going on this five-day diet is actually a really interesting experience, because it’s not hard. Maybe on day three it might be a little hard. But one key question that has not been addressed is, if you induce this protective response, how long does it last? And so how often should you do this? Is it something you should do, you know, every three months, or every once a month, or actually once every six months. I think this is the type of information that will allow many of us to really, you know, do the intervention when it’s needed, and I think it’s going to be a lot of research in this whole area that I’m very excited about. It probably depends also on do you do time-restricted eating every day, and so what you're sort of baseline is, are you, like, obese, or overweight, or metabolically healthy. But, I agree with you. I think it’s an extremely exciting field, and being here at the Buck Institute, you know, for Research on Aging, you’re sort of at the forefront of it all. And then, like you said, there are so many different aspects of the aging biology that’s being researched here. If people wanna learn more about your work and the Buck… Dr. Verdin: Yes, so we were the first research institute devoted to aging. We were founded in 1998, and we have about 220 employees, all focused on aging. And we take great pride in the fact that we started the most simple model, yeast, we go to C. elegans, a nematode, we go to fruit flies, mice, and humans now. And one of the thing that really excites me about the Buck is the fact that we have built this incredible body of knowledge over the last 20 years in terms of the basic biology of aging, and I think the field has moved to the point that we’re really ready to start translating all of these into humans. All of us are seeing, you know, the incredible interest from pharma and venture capital in terms of investing in the aging space. And I think, you know, we’re really well-positioned to be riding that next wave which is going to be bringing all of these incredible discoveries into humans. And so stay tuned. Rhonda: I’m certainly gonna stay tuned. Thank you so much for taking time to speak with me today. Dr. Verdin: My pleasure, my pleasure. It was great.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jannaronda3842 [1 likes]: I am grateful to see these two experts of sciences
  2. @70athens [1 likes]: @foundmyfitness amazing presentation
perfect setting (clear audio)                                                  and the text boxes and graphs take it to a different level 
i have seen you on an interview with Dr. Attia, but half of the interview was too advanced and LONG (him talking to hear himself), this format is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING                                                                     subscribed and i will start watching all your vids                               Thank you
  3. @lastdayspropheciesunsealed122 [1 likes]: A ketogenic diet (animal products) contains 'choline' which prevents Alzheimer's by preventing shrinkage of the brain as age increases! This is why the mice retained their memory!. . . .
  4. @marcusmatthews8255: He says lower carbs lead to longer life - which including reducing fruits and high carb whole foods like some veggies.

he didn’t say NO carbs.  So just eat a little bit healthy carbs and lots of meats and fats
  5. @alexi2460: Some of his info comrs from Dr. Panda in So California
  6. @am-xk3xs: Any info on long term use of beta hydroxybuterate taken with acv?
  7. @am-xk3xs: Beautiful interview!
  8. @sampsonotisstantonshaw3636: Thanks ❤️
  9. @christ-is-hope: Can you please clarify the high-fat diets inhibiting NAD salvaging? (Comment by Dr. Verdin at 37:30). Wouldn't that be a mechanism that makes keto reduce healthspan? 

Says also in the chart that a high-fat diet promotes inflammation. How can then keto be healthy? Or how can limiting carbs and protein be healthy then, as it means you have to get your energy from fat? I would really like to have a comment on this contradiction.
  10. @webber977: Children's diet today means that many of them won't reach 40, 104 my ass
  11. @linda7279: Pretty broad, consider most of these children are started out on McDonald's French fries and cola.  Not to mention no sunlight or exercise in these woke school institutions! They will have to become at least be smart enough to educate themselves once out from in front of the main stream media 🤷‍♀️
  12. @4406bbldb: I’m born in 47 and I’ll be 76 next week. I really vary healthy and I just noticed the average age of someone born in 47 is 68 I think the list(wicky) . I’m younger today than I was 5 years ago. I really plan out lasting the expectations. I do no sugar ect but I really like to fast 1-4 days every so often,no schedule. This is a great video.
  13. @doddsalfa: Lol this guy is totally clueless
  14. @BalkanHorizons: Fast metabolism means early death people on this earth except chosen few do not understand metabolism
  15. @elec3calengr: Any update based on new research?
  16. @luckssj: Have you looked at NMN to help at hearing loss and does NMN work at SIRT 1 or 3?
  17. @nerp.s: Who in their right mind wants to live for 104 years??? No, thank you.
  18. @gregl2249: He gave the best explanation of Keto and the use of the liver I’ve ever heard now it makes sense why I lost muscle
  19. @realhealthrealwealth: KETO now Carnivore, so easy no longer addicted to sugar (crack), pig pHARMa drug pushers and or pig corpses boxed, canned, bagged...
blah blah blah blah blah blah...REAL Freedom.
  20. @HAL9000_ICantDoThat: I see the key benefits of keto like a car. Your body is the engine and if you run it 24/7 I.e. constantly digesting food & food that can be  hard to digest then the engine will run up a lot more damage.

If your engine is allowed to turn off and return to a state of equilibrium then it will last longer. Simples!

I do not always reach keto but I consistently fast and find the improvements from cognitive and physical to be quite profound.

- Eric Verdin - NAD+ metabolism as a link between senescence and metabolic impairment during aging: Kind: captions Language: en here and i'm very excited to present our first uh speaker of this last session eric verdin who's the ceo of the buck institute and one of the leading figures in aging research and he will tell us about nad nad metabolism and how it impacts aging eric can you hear me yes absolutely uh good afternoon good morning wherever you are uh thank you morton uh for the uh and you and alex for the opportunity to speak at this meeting so i will just get started um a disclosure i'm a founder an equity holder for napa therapeutics a company that focuses on restoring nad during aging um so the landmark paper that was published in 2013 uh so-called hallmarks of aging really played a key organizing role in our field and allowing us to define a number of key manifestations of aging and so this actually has helped us in in in identifying um specific problems that we can we can target uh therapeutically as we move uh to uh to reverse or or to suppress aging one of the uh there are a couple of problems with this uh model is that it is um multifactorial therefore it signals that maybe there are no a single drugs that can actually really target but also raises a number of questions in terms of what is their hierarchy of these hallmarks of aging how are they organized can we actually stack them on top of each other so that we can identify key points that we should be targeting in aging another question is which of these modifications or hallmarks actually when targeted synergistically work versus independently so i think we are at a key stage in engaging research where we really need more understanding of how these hallmarks of aging interact and some of what i'm going to be showing you today actually goes into this direction one of the the thing another potential problem with this model is that it is missing a key what i think is a key hallmark of aging which is chronic inflammation chronic inflammation has emerged as one of the uh really key manifestations of aging it plays a key role in the pathogenesis of what we call the chronic diseases of aging and it can essentially result from the activation of any of the hallmarks of however this itself does not solve the problem because what is really not clear is how chronic inflammation itself actually leads to accelerated aging so what i'm going to be showing you today is one way to think of how some of these hallmarks of aging might be interacting together and the focus of this presentation is on an observation that was made a number of years ago by by many investigators which is the fact that nad levels decrease during aging and this occurs in multiple tissues it ranges from 20 to 50 to 80 percent depending on the tissue depending on the model system but it seems to be a real constant across aging in multiple organisms and this was reviewed here by yoshino and colleagues in cell metabolism so this is a finding that intrigued us for very specific reasons that my lab had been involved in studying the biology of sirtuins which play a key role uh in in aging and they are highly dependent on nad and the fact that an ad level would decrease drainage aging seemed to be quite important so the way we we think about nad as as a cofactor or substrate for number of enzymes as illustrated on these slides um at the top the sartunes i just mentioned the key factors that have a globally anti-aging effect a protective effect so they're one of the key enzymes that use they utilize nad on the left are the parps poliadp ribose polymerase which play a key role in genome protection in response to dna damage and other pathways and finally so both of these enzymes are twins and parts actually utilize nad they cleave it when they utilize it they essentially consume it the other class of enzymes or the so-called redox enzyme use uh the nadna nadh couple and also likely to be affected if nad levels decrease many of these redox enzymes play key role in oxidative pathways in the mitochondria and the cytoplasm and therefore a loss of nad could affect intermediary metabolism via these redox enzymes as well we published a number of five years ago actually and carlos canto and joanne rx published a similar review at the time proposing a a competition model between nad utilizing enzyme and according to this model during aging we know there's increased dna damage this is obviously accelerated in patients who have deficient dna damage repair such as cocaine xerodoma pigmentosum or ataxia tylenogentasia and so this leads to accelerated dna damage and activation of the parts which drains away uh dnad so that the redox enzyme and the certains actually do not have the proper amount so this was one model this model is is now evolved and the focus of my talk is going to be on a another family of protein two proteins um cd38 and cd157 who are also nad consuming enzymes cb uh nad hydrolases so our interest in in these two enzymes was triggered by a paper by camacho pereira and and eduardo chile and mayo clinic what they reported in 2016 was the observation that cb38 levels increase quite significantly during aging and in contrast the other nad consuming enzyme pops and sir t1 and ampt and which is actually in the salvage pathway did not seem to vary now what what excited us about these findings was the observation that um so this is actually what you measure in adipose tissue as you measure nad levels during aging here on the left side what what excited us particularly about this paper was the realization that in a cd38 knockout mouse the nad levels were maintained and so it signified that at least in this context in mice and in adipose tissue the major driver of nad decrease in adipose tissue during aging was cd38 and so we started this program with a new postdoc in the lab at the time anthony covarrubias and who had actually experienced in immunology and immuno metabolism with a series of questions and these questions were in large part triggered by by one fact is that cd38 as an immunologist is known to uh to be an ectoenzyme which is primarily found on immune cells and it's been reported to be on cd4 on cda t cells on b cells and nk cells and in that context it functions in cell adhesion in signal transaction and calcium signaling cd38 cleaves nad shown here into nicotinamide which is recycled into nad and cyclic adp ribose this itself actually has a calcium signaling effect interestingly uh cd38 is highly expressed in multiple myeloma and is actually targeted therapeutically using a monoclonal antibody daratumumab which is shown here as a therapeutics so our first question knowing this and knowing that cd38 expressed expression rises during aging in adipose tissue our first question which had not been addressed by cheney and colleagues was to ask in what tissues in what cells within adipose tissue is cd38 expressed and so the way we we did this is using this this um preparation of what what is called a stromo vascular refraction as shown here you isolate all of the cells from adipose tissue you separate them and you centrifuge them the adipocytes will by their lower density will go to the surface the fluid separates another fraction the stromal vascular refraction which contains every cell that is not an adipocyte in we then subjected the stromal vascular refraction to flow cytometry analysis using a number of markers and to cut the story short i just want to highlight the fact that we find that in aged animal these are 25 months old mice there's a increased level of cd38 expression in a fraction that we identified as the macrophages these are cd45 positive cb11b positive f480 positive we've followed up this analysis using a number of additional markers to try to identify which types of actually express um a cd38 there are two different types of macrophages in most tissues there is a resident macrophage which is deposited early early in life in embryogenesis or in the first few days of life and there are also bone marrow derived macrophages which continuously are produced within the bone marrow circulate to peripheral tissue these different macrophages have different biology and therefore we can actually separate them using a set of markers and what we found was actually quite interesting because if we look at nice aging from 2 to 25 months we find that the cd-38 level increases are actually close to seven-fold in the resident macrophages but does not change in the non-resident so the next question that i will spend a few minutes on uh which is really key here is our effort to try to understand what activates cd38 expression in aging macrophages now we think of aging as an unbalanced act between and repair early in life we know that the well dye match is a constant in most of us the repair pathways are highly activated early in life and and tend to degrade as we get older so there are uh macrophages actually play a very a unique role in in the biology of damage and in in particular by their ability to recognize uh different forms of damage that are imposed on tissues and this is illustrated here especially the innate immunity dendritic cells that are illustrated here in blue and the macrophages in purple contain a of our specific receptors that are able to recognize two forms of molecules called the pams and the dams the pans are pathogen associated molecular pattern so these are molecules that are typically released by pathogens whereas the dams are damage associated molecular pattern uh signatures these are molecules that are typically released by cells that are stressed or or injured and macrophages are able to recognize those to activate a specific signaling pathways and to leading to the release of cytokines chemo kinds immune cell recruitments inflammation and tissue repair eventually so our first question was what are any of these parents and dams able to activate cb38 expression in macrophages and so the experiment was done by isolating primary macrophages from mice growing them in culture and subjecting them to treatment with a variety of these pamps and dams and what emerges actually a pretty striking picture is we were expecting the dabs to do it but we were surprised to find that these macrophages actually responded primarily to pathogen-associated molecular signatures in particular one of them drew our attention this is lps this is lipopolysaccharide this particular molecule which is released by by gram-negative bacteria is actually one of the the main triggers for the differentiation of macrophages into a unique form in the so-called m1 macrophages the other form of is the m2 macrophages and these macrophages play a very different role in the aging process they seem there is growing evidence for a progressive shift from m2 to m1 during aging and these m1 macrophages are are are thought to be a key fact key factors in the progression to a pro-inflammat inflammatory state as we age so our next question was to ask is are there any differences indeed in in cd38 expression between m0 which is the undifferentiated macrophage m1 and m2 and our prediction was that m1 macrophages should express a much higher level of cp38 and this is exactly what we saw when we look at relative cd38 expression we find m0 an m2 macrophage is expressed as no cd38 and it is highly activated close to 600 fold following induction into the m1 phenotype we as a corollary to this we can also detect the presence of an nada's activity uh when we incubate m1 macrophages with nad and and and demonstrate that this nada's activity is completely dependent on because the cd38 knockout here actually does not express does not show an ada's activity so this has actually interesting implications for a number of reasons one we know there's a progressive shift to m1 during aging therefore we would this could be one of the reasons why why we see increased cd38 expression the question another implication of this is we know also that these pathogen-associated molecular patterns the pamps actually can leech out from the across the leaky gut the gut dysbiosis associated with aging results in a decrease in permeability increase in permeability of the gut membrane which is associated with increased circulation of of these bacterial products so this is a second secondary mechanism by which we think um uh aging might be increasing the expression of now this is one mechanism and i will come back to this at the end um the second mechanism was um based on another observation in collaboration with our colleague judy campisi at the back institute and so the observation was that um in adipose tissue during aging uh we and others actually have shown that there is uh increased uh number of senescent cells and this is illustrated here with a stain for uh beta gown the senescence associated beta gal both in white adipose tissue and in intestinal adipose tissue and you can see here the increased color in 18 months you can actually reverse this by treating these mice with synolitic drugs now i suspect that this audience actually is quite versed in into the biology of senescence uh i want to show you here one example of our effort to try to organize the hallmarks of aging in hierarchical structures and this is a clear example where this actually works quite well we know that cellulosin essence indeed can be activated by four of the other hallmarks of aging mitochondrial dysfunction this is the midas phenotype that judy campisi has published epigenetic alterations also known to be playing a key role in cellular senescence telomere attrition and dna damage or genomic instability so here's a clear example where that places cellular senescence as a consequence of four of these hallmarks of aging now i suspect that most of you know this but if you don't i will i will remind you um cellulose in essence is characterized a tripartite phenotype first irreversible growth arrest second resistance to apoptosis and third the so-called multifaceted secretary phenotype or so-called sas senescence associated secretary phenotype which was identified by judy campisi in her lab and it's thought to be one of the key mechanisms by which in essence cells actually cause a chronic inflammation so the question we asked was actually quite simple it was to try to determine whether senescence cells by their increased presence during aging in adipose tissue could actually release a sasp we know they do and could that susp itself activate cd38 so this was done by in a variety of ways that i'm going to show you in the next few slides the first one was to take mouse embryo fibroblasts these are primary cells we can treat them either control and oxygen or damaging agent or irradiate them we then harvested the supernatant for each of these conditions and then incubated them with mouse and what we saw is shown on this slide and indeed we found that the supernatants from senescence cells were able to activate cd38 expression now this was mostly specific for cb38 we only saw a very small increase in terms of cd157 i should say cd157 is a related molecule to cd38 it also has an nad hydrolase but most of the effects that we have seen so far appear to be specific to cd38 and in contrast part 1 32 31 part 2 and other enzyme did not appear to be a change by the sas now we looked at this also in in in in cells that are probably more relevant to adipose tissue versus the primary mouse embryo fibroblasts that i just showed you we also were able to induce senescence in pre-adipocytes and this is done in this case by irradiation you can see uh again here the induction of beta-gal staining after irradiation in these cells themselves the pre-adipocytes there's a small increase in cd38 which very reaches significance but a significant increase in p16 and p21 to uh the hallmarks of senescence along with beta gala now we can take the supernatants from these and add them to um to uh to macrophages and we find again uh almost three-fold induction of cb38 uh no change in cb157 or the other nad-consuming enzyme so indicating that at least in that system again the uh supernatant from the senescent uh pre-adipocyte uh is able to activate cp38 expression finally we were also anthony uh cavarrubias and life was able to show that he was able to induce a phenotype that looks very much like senescence in macrophages themselves and this is illustrated here these cells are when you want to radiate macrophages you can see the induction of beta gal in this cell in these cells we do not see induction of p16 this is something that appears to be unique to macrophages but we see a robust induction of p21 and here again the supernatant from these actually the cells themselves show a dramatic activation of cd38 expression so these uh observations uh and so for the last thing that we did was we know uh from the work of bigger chilling and and judy campisi and their teams at the park who have spent uh quite a bit of time analyzing the uh cider kinds uh a few of them are listed here so we were able to test them individually and we were able to show that il-6 tnf and il-10 all induce a cd38 expression in macrophages in a dose-dependent matter and in contrast interferon alpha beta and il-12 did not do so and so this is the last and summary slide where i i'm attempting take many of the hallmarks of aging um and to replace them in a in a in a more organized manner and summarizing what i just showed you so i've showed you that pams which are the results of an altered intercellular communication loosen epithelial membrane barrier in the gut is able to activate uh inflammation and macrophage proliferation the sas secreted by senescent cells and does the same thing both lead to cb38 expression and decrease nad levels and this nad levels has implication both in terms of metabolic dysfunction we know decrease in av will lead to decreased oxidative potential in cells but also to certain dysfunction and and changes in epigenetic modification on this so we think that this uh this way of thinking is going to be helpful in helping us identify really key nodes in edging pathways and ways to intervene in particular here cd38 and nad and finally uh i want to acknowledge the many collaborators who've participated in this study in particular uh anthony kovarovia who really was the the driver for this work and was actually now looking for his new faculty job thank you thank you very much eric really stimulating talk we have some questions here on the slack channel we have one from wai wong do you also see the fraction of resident as a proportion of the stromal vascular fraction increasing with age yes that's a very good question i did not have the time to go into this but it's not only the relative number of the relative expression of cb38 it's also the number as a fraction of the total of resident cells actually increase uh during aging and remarkably the sasp also contains a factor called gmcsf which is a proliferation factor for macrophages and it's been reported you know for 80 years now by metchnikov and colleagues that macrophages proliferate so we see this exactly and we think that compounds a problem not only do they proliferate but they express more cd38 very interesting so we have a question from yong pan what disease indication slash unmet medical needs would be addressed by nad plus boosting therapeutics that's a very good question and this is one that we're exploring right now so the model that i've showed you uh activation of cp38 and macrophages was documented in this study in adipose obviously you know this regulation of adipose tissue during aging is is a known factor we have shown the same thing happens in the liver uh where the resident macrophages the so-called kubra also increase cd38 expression during they're fallen there's all kinds of implications there regarding uh liver disease cirrhosis and so on we are exploring the role of this mechanism also in the brain and i think we're going to take them one step at a time at this point one thing that's clear is that cd38 expression does not rise in every single but it rises the number of key tissues that i just mentioned and and we are exploring the full biology of very cool maybe one last question uh can nad plus boosting improve immunity and decrease the possibility of an infection especially for covet 19 infections and this is mohammed and maliki asking this question yes that's a very good question actually so um it does uh well when we say increase immunity you know there are many sides to immunity um that includes both the innate and the adaptive response uh in the case of the innate immune response we clearly see that nad increases macrophage function and secretion of cytokines in the case of the adaptive immunity t cells and b cells the situation is more nuanced we see we've published actually that um so tooings and nad levels might be playing a more specific role in the balance between th17 and t-rex cells so it's a lot more complicated but generally increased nad levels is associated with a more effective immunity and the point is very well taken that this is something that we we could and should consider uh as we're facing uh this pandemic very cool appreciate your talk

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterz53 [4 likes]: Thanks.  Excellent talk.  And not skewed towards a sales pitch for a supplement.  Seems that gut barrier function plays a huge role in health,  CD38 and NAD+ being just one aspect.   Eating whole foods with plenty of fiber will help a lot.    Ref.  Talks by Erica Sonnenburg PhD of Stanford on gut microbiome.
  2. @LTPottenger [3 likes]: Very interesting to see it is attacks on pathogens like LPSs using up the cd38. Prebiotics and getting rid of refined carbs and lectins is probably the best way to handle this, aside from slamming as much nmn as you can afford.
  3. @danno1800 [3 likes]: Truly brilliant! I have subscribed...thank you very much.
  4. @BK-dy8jk [1 likes]: ALSO graves are full of health advocates that have tried everything they can to extend life through diet, exercise. When the body gets older as in 60 and above the cascade of old, tired, non functioning cells become zombie like producing CD 38 that eats up precious NAD, intern causes more inflammation and infections causing more macrophages to be produced and fight which intern become old and start producing even more CD 38 and the process super speeds up at an old age which you see in people failing very quickly once they hit a certain age and level. You can increase NAD all you want, but if you have mass  amount of zombie cells producing CD 38 that gobbles up the NAD 100x nothing will work unless you can bring CD38 down to when you were in your 20s. Everyone has seen their grandparents fail at an old age and complain of no energy and tired all the time. No usable NAD for energy thanks to CD 38 but a NAD precursor would help at that point after dealing with CD 38 like NR NMN and then move to supplements for DNA repair and breaking down zombie cells for fuel recycling.
  5. @sonthiduananak2651: น่าติดตามมาก
  6. @christopherellis2663: Imbalance
  7. @bertimusz4151: Not a good speaker, no pharma is presented. Many other youtube videos discuss actual supplements

- Intermittent ketosis and lifestyle practices for longevity with Dr. Eric Verdin: Kind: captions Language: en when it comes to aging we can either slow and delay aging or we can rejuvenate once aging has already occurred how do we reverse some of the effects of aging um what do you think about ketosis for that because i think in a lot of the caloric restriction and even in the ketogenic diet research it's implemented mid-life so for people who are interested in slowing aging and delaying it do you think that starting a ketogenic diet too early because i'm 25 and i've been following ketogenic diet for about two years i exercise frequently i intermittent fast i do a lot of these practices based on all this research around longevity but but when you actually look at the research it all it is all implemented midlife in these animal models so what do you think about implementing it before midlife and do you think it matters if we're doing it too early is there such thing as too early um yeah what are your thoughts on that a first response i think is is it too can there be a time too early absolutely and there is uh you know strong evidence that none of these interventions modifications should be implemented in people who are not who have not fully grown that probably would be about your age around 25 there is also if you think about the aging field there is a concern about interventions that you're going to be conducting your whole life um especially those that include a drug and i i'm very conservative in this regards you know when people ask me you know we're 30 years old should i take metformin um i would really think you know twice about taking a a drug when you're 30 year old knowing you're going to have to take it for your whole life and because the longer you take any drug the more you're likely to see side effects and the aging field might seem easy from the outside but from experience we've learned that you know there are there's always a downside to everything including including all of these intervention in aging so if someone tells you you know they have some magical pill that will delay aging and have no side effects i would say uh take this with a grain of salt now when when should you actually do this i believe there are two answers to this one i think having a healthy lifestyle decreasing your carbohydrate intake having intermittent ketosis fasting exercising sleeping having low stress i think should be part of life hygiene sort of for everyone and and i would predict that the sooner you start when you uh are an adult the better off you'll be in the future but we also know that um from animal models that many of the aging interventions especially when we look to reverse aging and we have we're testing drugs and interventions that are more aggressive um such as rapamycin or metformin we know that we can start these interventions quite late in the aging process and which is really good news because it means uh you know if you want to mitigate the risk in terms of exposing someone to a drug we know rapamycin is one for example even when mice were the equivalent of 60 years old you could still see a close to a 20 life lifespan extension so that's remarkably good news and i would say until we know more i urge caution from from people who are considering you know aggressively jumping into interventions know what you're getting into understand that this is an emerging field excuse me in that we still have a lot to learn and uh and in the meantime until we know how to administer these drugs with what frequency at what age for how long at what dose and so on i would say there is a lot that can be done today in terms of lifestyle and focusing on exercise sleep nutrition and nutrition and and stress that will actually carry an enormous effect in terms of life expectancy yeah i agree and you mentioned intermittent ketosis and that's kind of the way i look at the more practical approach to a ketogenic diet because i know even me who's i'm very cognizant of carbohydrates where they are in foods um and i will kick myself out of ketosis by accident by overeating vegetables and things like that i know that i am going into periods and kicking myself out of ketosis i wouldn't say i'm chronically in ketosis but i think that intermittent ketosis is a very practical approach for many people because you can just achieve that pretty easily with well easy to me now i view like a 24-hour fast is pretty practical and easy maybe to someone else who has not gone a day without eating would think that's not practical but it could be a very common approach for people to implement periodically just to give their body a break and i think that and dom always puts it that people argue that ketosis might be unnatural but not going into ketosis might be more unnatural so it is periods of intermittent ketosis whether that be fasting whether that be a ketogenic diet or whether it just be a calorie restricted low calorie diet which i guess would be ketogenic by nature um but yeah i think that though there are a lot of practical strategies and exercise obviously being a very crucial um strategy that we can implement into our daily routines that are very protective uh against sarcopenia bone loss brain health everything i think that exercise might be the most important i think it is i think it is probably close to sleep um yeah and and probably the least important thing is what everybody is focusing on is whether you should be on a low carbohydrate versus a low fat versus a low protein diet is you know every one of the diets that we hear about which actually serve into a good purpose in terms of helping people to lose weight actually are missing the point in terms of how how we should eat to me i always tell people like not too much focusing on what you're eating but more on how you're eating and in this respect you know allowing your body periods of rest i love the work of sachin panda on time restricted feeding because i think there's it's clear that we have not evolved in a world of complete food abundance that we have so many built-in protective mechanisms to allow us to survive in the absence of food that we've forgotten to uh you know how to survive without food and i think uh you mentioned that it's easy for you to to go on a 24-hour fast this might seem like a insurmountable effort for a number of people because their body has forgotten and it is amazing uh you know from personal experience how you can train yourself by increasing the length of your fasting period and how quickly you are able to fast 24 hours and to actually feel wonderful to be honest my fasting days are are some of my most productive and happy days in the week which seems hard for people to understand but that's that's that's what happens when you train yourself just like exercising right and when you combine it with a low carbohydrate diet it is kind of crazy how your appetite is completely regulated it's intuitive eating becomes actually intuitive versus what people think intuitive eating is um like you i've never experienced being like starving or hungry like so hungry that i'm gonna faint or something whereas i used to experience that but now i'm to the point where i'm like okay if i find food that i can eat or i'm comfortable eating that's fine if not then i go on with my day um so it is interesting once you transition into a very metabolically flexible state that your hunger seems to be complete you're in control and i think that that's a a scary place for people to live when food is controlling their behavior versus being in control of your appetite um and it would be really awesome if everyone could experience that because i think it would be very liberating for a lot of people i agree i agree

- Eric Verdin at ARDD2022: SIGNALING OF KETONE BODY ß-HYDROXYBUTYRATE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign we have our last speaker one of my heroes Eric burden please join us on stage morning everyone let me let me start by thanking Martin and Alex not only for the invitation to speak but also for I think what we all agree is a really amazing meeting especially after you know being sort of all segregated for a couple of years to get back together and to celebrate science I think it's very special so thank you for putting this meeting together I want to start by apologizing about if you're looking at the program you will see at a completely different title I was supposed to talk about an epigenetic clock but we're not quite ready so you'll have to come to the next meeting I'm speaking again in Berlin in a couple of months and I'll probably be this guy I will be discussing it at that time I decided to focus instead on the long-standing area of interest in the lab which is the biology of the Ketone body beta hydroxybutyrate and just a couple of disclosures I'm a Founder in a number of companies that are commercializing uh Ketone body Esters I'll be discussing those a little bit at the end um so my lab has been interested in at the interface of of biology and biochemistry and one of the the most robust way that one can induce increase in lifespan and health Span in in many animal species this calorie restriction and so you have the intervention calorie restriction you have an increase in health span and lifespan manifested by longer life but also a decrease in in the disease associated with aging and there's a black box in between and we've been focusing and proposing the model that this black box is filled by variation in the relative abundance of a number of metabolites and I focus on a few here there are obviously many others that include NAD acetyl-coa acidenism methionine Alpha ketoglutarate and beta hydroxybutyrate the Ketone body one of the remarkable finding that has emerged in the last few years 10 years is the idea that many of these metabolites are not only playing key role in in in in nutrition in in intermediary metabolism but they are also signaling to epigenetic regulators and I you can see many of these pairs that have been identified energy interacting with sir twins acetyl-coa regulating the activity of hazardine transferases uh and in in particular for the presentation today the idea that a better hydroxypurate as it also functions as an inhibitor of histone the acetylases and so this is the area that I'm going to be focusing on so what are Ketone bodies they are first and foremost nutrients and this is very important to remember this is how biochemists and diabetologists and endocrinologists think about them so when you are fasting the primary source of energy becomes the adipose tissue at the bottom these adipose tissue released triglycerides and and fatty acid circulates end up in the liver and a fraction of them of these fatty acid can converted into these Ketone bodies which are then distributed to the whole body as a source of energy in particularly the heart and the Brain now there are uh and remarkably when you look at this is something that's not often appreciated is the the amount of beta hydroxybureate that's generated during a state of ketosis so if you are completely fasting your liver produces about 150 gram a day of of these Ketone bodies and you can see plasma levels start accumulating within 18 hours of a complete fast by that time they can reach close to one millimolar if you're fasting for more days you can see that you can have plasma better hydroxy spirit level that reach up to six millimolar and of course there are pathogenic conditions such as diabetic ketoacidosis where these levels can go up to 30 millimolar so this is a nutrient that circulates in the plasma with relatively high concentrations now there are other ways in which you can induce a state of ketosis that is not a fasting and I've listed them here exercise is important inducer especially with a mild fast but also some forms of dietary restriction it turns out that calorie restriction is associated in most cases with a mild level of ketosis and and finally the the way that has been used in the popular press the most is the idea of the ketogenic diet which is can be induced simply by restricting carbohydrates so but to an extreme degree just to give you an idea uh in in most humans if you want to ask to enter a state of ketosis you have to restrict it to lesson 15 to 20 grams of carbohydrate that would mean an apple a day and no more carbohydrates if you do this within two or three days you will enter ketosis and plasma levels of one to two millimolar so um how we got into this is uh somewhat uh sort of serendipitous as some of the most fun signs can be um I my love clone the family the families of Hassan diacetiles weekly on age like threes we're in stack seven uh back in in the early 90s and and I was struck at the time by the fact that one of the known hdac Inhibitors butyrate which is uh Prada bacterial product that is actually present in our intestine was quite similar to Beta hydroxybutyrate which is the major Ketone body and so we decided to test the kind of simple hypothesis could better hydroxybutyrate actually function as an hdac inhibitor and and indeed it does and this is a dose response that shows you uh BHP at the bottom on on the on the x-axis the concentration and on the y-axis the relative activity of different hdacs and you can see that many of them actually are suppressed by concentration of BHB between one and three millimolar you get 50 inhibition which we know is likely to be significant in this initial publication we that where we've reported this this suppression of hdac by by better hydroxybutyrate we also identified a number of targets and this is where I think we we got quite excited because these targets um one of them the most prominent one was fox or three a which we know is really associated with aging especially in humans and this suggested that there might be some kind of biology uh some some biology of Aging linked to the ketogenic diet and beta hydroxybutyrate now the story got very come very quick so this data suggested that beta hydroxy pureate is not only a nutrient which we know is is consumed but also a signaling molecule and the story then got very quickly much more complicated and I've listed here all of the other signaling functions that have been identified for better hydroxybutyrates and in some way from a mechanistic standpoint in the future it's going to be very difficult to untangle all of these signaling properties from one from another that being said I want to review them very briefly visva Dixit is actually uh it was actually in the audience today reported that BHP also inhibits the inflammasome by mechanisms by which it could exert some profound anti-inflammatory effect others have reported that BHB can actually signal to some cell surface proteins h-car 2 and ffr3 we've reported as I just mentioned that it can function as an epigenic regulated by modifying BHP and others finally have reported that BHP itself can be a modification that can Target histones and and this is shown on the left and we are still working on on trying to entangle all of these variations there are interesting forms and and disentangling this not only one from another but from the from the nutrient aspect of BHB now one aspect that's interesting is we have non-metallic metallometabolizable versions of BHB the L version cannot be metabolized but we've shown that still signals so that's one aspect there are other ways in which we can explore this so a number of years ago we asked a very simple question is a ketogenic diet which by the way has been gaining a lot of traction in the popular press and in the lay press so we asked can it be protective against aging and so we um we did a whole lifespan study uh which actually showed that indeed a nice place on a keto ketogenic diet so reduce midlife mortality you can see here we have no increase in in total life expectancy under the experimental conditions where we did this this experiment where you can clearly see especially early in life a decrease in mortality and this is a Quantified here where we've what I'm showing you on the y-axis is a chi-square test of day by day difference in survival you can see a very early effect of survival now one of the complications of the study that we did here is the fact that these mice never saw carbohydrates in their entire life uh actually that's not totally true they were on alternating between a ketogenic and a normal diet the reason why our initial experiments we fed them only the fat and the protein and they ate so much they became absolutely enormous so we had to stop the experiment and so we alternated two weeks on two weeks off and despite this we still saw this strong effect separately from our study another group John Ramsey and Jose Alberto Lopez Dominguez at UC Davis did the same experiment they put mice on a ketogenic diet but they fed them a certain amount fixed the amount of food which means the mice actually did not gain weight so they were not an ad-lib diet and they saw they showed an even stronger and more robust effect on life expectancy under these conditions so uh perhaps what generated even more excitement in the lab was the the idea that um we saw some remarkable phenotypes in terms of CNS function and so the next question we asked is the ketogenic diet protective against some of the chronic disease of Aging or or manifestations thereof and because this data is published as well I want to review them very briefly we we've conducted a number of tests that that assess a CNS function for example elevated plus maze exploration you can see on the the light blue it shows you a basal the dark blue shows you the H mice where the loss of a function and mice on a ketogenic diet essentially do not show this loss the same thing for interactive Place avoidance you can see actually in this case the myosin ketogenic diet behave even stronger than mice than even in younger mice other tests that we've conducted just to give you an idea a so-called novel uh object recognition in old age again you can see an increase in the ketogenic diet and particularly with a familiar object I'll skip this so all of this data has been published I want to focus today on some additional studies that we've been conducting and looking more specifically at a model disease for Alzheimer's disease and this this collaboration was initiated based on this publication from from my colleagues at the Gladstone Institute Jorge balup and Leonard mookie they reported that in in a variety of Alzheimer's models there is a defect a defect in inhibitory interneurons and this seems to be playing a critical pathogenic role in Alzheimer's and so just to give you a bit of background on what this means you should you're seeing here the cortical neurons that are here normally under the controlling or regulatory influence of so-called inhibitory interneurons then these interneurons depend on a unique channel here as cn1a under conditions of of Alzheimer's models the app mouse or under other conditions the so-called dravette syndrome which is a actually a disease of childhood associated with childhood epilepsy these patients actually carry a mutation in this channel here as sn1 as cn1a the inhibitor reactivity on the of the interneuron is lost and there's epileptic uh epileptiform spikes generated by the cortex this is associated with epilepsy and and Disturbed uh cognition so there was another thing that was quite interesting about this is the fact that the treatment for dravett in patient in humans actually in children the best treatment is ketogenic diet for reasons that are not entirely clear another thing that's interesting is that one of the other known drugs that is treating that conditions about proric acid has also been reported to be an hdac inhibitor and so all of these convergent data suggested to us that maybe placing these a model of Alzheimer's on a ketogenic diet could actually be an interesting way to explore a therapeutically and so again in collaboration with Leonard mookie and Jorge pelop at the Gladstone we obtained these Mouse Happ j-20 which is a well-established model of Alzheimer's disease they express a mutant form of human app which Bears both a Swedish and an Indiana mutation and so this abnormal form of app is is expressed under the control of a neuron specific promoter ptgf beta and and this results in several key aspects of Alzheimer's disease in these mice they show deficit in learning and memory they have behavioral abnormalities synaptic alteration aminoid plaques gliosis and spontaneous epileptic form activity which in collaboration with Jorge we could measure so we basically did the experiment that I I you know that I'm leading you to uh we place these mice on on a ketogenic diet 10 protein and 90 fat uh the control diet was actually isocaloric in terms of proteins and just simply added carbohydrates and we were able to show this is the data here but this is its quantification that uh normally the ketogenic diet was able to completely to very significantly suppress the increase in epileptic form activity that's shown here and interestingly sort of an acute fasting din so and under these acute fasting conditions you don't see ketosis so really suggesting the idea that um even with a brief period of ketogenic diet this is just a couple of I think three weeks here you can actually revert a key manifestation of this uh of this uh abnormal Mouse not only did this we were able to show that a ketogenic diet had a remarkable effect on memory in these mice again we tested we used a training open field and you can see first showing you that these mice were indeed in ketosis in this case about 800 micromolar using a number of measurements that are associated with the training up in field without getting into the details if you look at the normal Mouse you compare it to the app Mouse you see an increase in total movement which is abnormal this is suppressed by the ketogenic diet same thing with Center movement dramatic increase here completely suppressed same thing so by every manifestation every measurement that we could make of this open field test we saw a correction of the defect remarkably also these mices are very have a very short lifespan especially uh in the males and you can see normally all these males are actually the mutations uh the the ex the transgene leads to early lethality within 180 days and we had a pretty strong increase in life expectancy in mice on a ketogenic diet this was much more much less evident in in the female mice now this is very nice so that would suggest that maybe a ketogenic diet could have some applications and Alzheimer's and if you go again in the popular press which we should not base our our science on that there is evidence of of patients actually making significant recoveries in terms of cognitive function while being switched on a ketogenic diet so there's but we also know that these ketogenic diets are extremely hard for people to to stay on just imagine restricting your carbohydrates to less than 15 grams a day so we've been very interested in trying to determine whether we can recapitulate the the effect of the ketogenic diet with exogenous ketones alone now I'm going to show you here this is the structure of beta hydroxybutyrate you can see here you can today go buy on Amazon Ketone salt and you can eat them I should buy I just found out recently that the major seller of these Ketone body salts sells for about 100 million dollars a year of these products which by the way do not work and the reason they do not work is if you ingest Ketone bodies they get rapidly absorbed you will induce ketosis within 30 minutes 30 minutes later it's all gone because they are extremely rapidly metabolized and so the field has been struggling with this and trying to find alternative ways of a minute or delivering these Ketone bodies and the way we and others this this is work that was pioneered by Dr Veach at NIH back a number of years ago we've been synthesizing he was the one who pioneered the idea of making Ketone body as sisters derivatizing these Ketone salts to increase their their persistence and their delivery I should say also one of the other problems because these are these are this is an asset it needs to to be complex with a uh assault and and administering the the Ketone stalls is associated with a significant burden of either magnesium citrate calcium or sodium and so practically I would say the Ketone cells themselves are not a solution to this problem especially the long term so we came up with a different way of making Ketone body Esters which was to to couple beta hydroxybutyrate shown here with a um a short chain fatty acid now short chain fatty acids you might remember from the very beginning of my presentations are able to go to deliver and to make Ketone bodies themselves so the idea behind these molecules is that you have once the the Ester and we have different length of chains of fatty acids these will be absorbed will be the esterified which will generate the Ketone body itself which induces ketosis immediately and a fatty acid which goes to the liver and has sort of a longer term effect in terms of inducing ketosis so think of them as a pro drug and that also delivers the drug and so this actually remarks Works remarkably well and what I'm showing you here is the level of plasma beta hydroxybutyrate shown here hours after injection you can see at the highest dose at least one of these generates a stable state of ketosis and with the with the salt this would have all been done within an hour we have um we have conducted a lot of work with these uh the companies that I discussed at the beginning actually are commercializing this and testing these in clinical trials for a number of conditions but I want to show you also some very preliminary data showing that these by themselves actually were able to suppress the spikes that that I that we started with um and so we think and we have preliminary evidence that these actually also reverts and exert positive effect not only in terms of brain function but in a variety of other experimental systems and so this obviously is is work that's ongoing uh to be hopefully confirmed in the future I want to finish here and acknowledge the people who have participated to this work uh John Newman has been a postdoc in my lab and now as a faculty at the back shimatsu was the early person who generated a lot of this hdac work Matt Hershey also oops who is now actually a faculty at Duke and others thank you very much [Applause] thank you so much Eric that was really fantastic um we have a question great talk I have a question so kids with the disease to browsers sclerosis so we use which disease TSC to the grocery complex right so they use ketogenic diet as a therapy so in some kids they use it some kids don't so the question is Survivor keys and the ketogenic diet which stays for a very long time so do we have any benefits in terms of agent genotypes later in life and second whether exogenous uh ketones can be used as an alternative therapy for these kids instead of ketogenic diet because it's so hard for them to stay in ketogenic diet thank you yeah tuberous sclerosis is a really uh interesting aspect I would I I don't know I don't have the data and I'm actually I'm not familiar with the paper you're referring to but I would I would predict that most of the beneficial effect they see in those patients on a ketogenic diet is not due to better hydroxybutyrate it's due to the carbohydrate restriction and low incident signaling since we know on your Tubular Sclerosis is a very high Mentor activity so one way you might be able to mitigate this is by simply restricting carbohydrates I I cannot comment further on this but I can see many ways in which you know I know people are looking at rapper logs actually in these kids as well as a way to to suppress some of the manifestations but in terms of how this works again and this is something I I try to to convey during the discussion these are politically or form molecules that have multiple effects at the end of the day if they are effective I think I don't really care how they work but I think there are there's a lot of work trying to really dissect all of these different mechanisms thanks great talk uh how did you key in on ketones in the brain uh what was kind of the initial connection there why did we focus on this aspect versus the rest right I should say we're focusing on many other aspects it was really the the strongest phenotype that we got in terms of mice on the ketogenic diets I mean clearly we screened for everything but the the memory aspect the fact that for example mice on a ketogenic diets actually have better memory than young mice it's still really striking to me and that that was the reason uh thank you very much for the valuable lecture uh as a part of uh our intervention for obesity and insulin resistance I'm a nutritionist okay we uh recommend a ketogenic diet for this and especially for the epileptic children and we have seen a I mean a dramatic effect some of them completely some most of them they would decreased the dose of the packing and the vitro acetam to a very low dose the point that I wanted to uh to add is that when we add too much you know protein within the ketogenic diet because you know 20 percent that it contains a glutamic acid or glutamate which is exactly inhibited uh the effect of beta hydroximity because as you know Gaba which is a a very good thing which is like a similar component of a bit rate of beta hydroxy bit right so when we decrease the protein also into ten or five percent then we've seen the big effect of that the second point Sorry I want to ask also uh to add also within the keto diet should be in the through the healthy for uh food style or healthy foods so the amount or and the quality of the uh of the fats that we take we should be very healthy and not the and I'm sure if you have fed the the mouse with with the healthy fats because I'm sure you just gave them trans fat you know all these you know hydrogenated fat the results will be much much better thank you actually two or two interesting points ketogenic diets and got a lot of traction in the in the Press because it is an easy way to lose weight for people it got a very bad press in the medical world because the initial proponent of the ketogenic diet was Dr Atkins who promoted eating bacon and sausage and and so promoted you know substituting carbohydrates by highly saturated animal fats which at the end this might have actually not been helpful there's a new version of the ketogenic diet I totally agree with you which is focused on on plant-based sort of much more healthy fats I should say also if if I can share with you what our mice were eating it was Crisco I don't know this is something that if you're in America you know it's the most horrible uh unnatural fat that you could possibly imagine and the fact that these mice would live longer under these conditions to me is still really interesting and I think there is still need to do an experiment with radio highly sort of a much more healthy fat type of diet experiments you mentioned you have equivalent amounts of protein 10 but I don't know if you clarify do you in this experiment also have a total calories control two dollar calorie intake yes yes yes yes can I ask a question so Richard Beach's ketones as I recall they're just two beta hydroxypurates that are sort of fused together right yes one actually had methyl groups on the hydroxyl yeah and so why is this more advantageous than yes or what and why is that because so here we're solving one out of the two problems the first problem was absorption getting rid of the salts ours actually provides another sort of a long think about it the longest source of endogenous ketones that that was really okay and we've compared ours to so uh Richard veitch's Esther is actually also commercialized right we've compared his to ours ours gives a much longer for for reasons that we don't actually fully understand maybe maybe because the hydrolysis is slower with a fatty acid versus just the methyl group uh we don't know but ours are clearly more uh more delayed and one one last question it's injected no no it's the oral it's oral yeah okay all right you can buy it on Amazon fantastic Amazon is not a sponsor just want to point out but they are welcome to sponsor no okay thank you so much uh we will uh have a break

- Ketones as signaling molecules and their anti-aging mechanisms with Dr. Eric Verdin: Kind: captions Language: en so let's go back into the signaling roles and of beta hydroxybutyrate and talk more about the protective mechanisms um that it's involved with so we know that there's been evidence you were involved in the evidence showing that it's an hdac inhibitor and it up regulates our cellular like the foxo 3a gene which is part of our oxidative stress resistance pathways so we're reducing the amount of oxidative stress in our cells which that there's a reactive auction theory of aging so it's funny when you think about all the theories of aging ketosis seems to be involved with all of them if it's inflammation mitochondrial dysfunction free radicals even nad ketosis is kind of intertwined in all of those theories so it seems to be like a very unifying mechanism that ketosis might apply but yeah if you want to go into detail on these these signaling roles that bhb has so maybe talk about inflammation if you can start with that yes yeah it's quite it's a brand new field uh there there is growing evidence that it's it's um that bhb is a how do i a pleiotropic factor that is it really it has both an effect as a nutrient as i illustrated or discussed early so it's a form of energy that your body can use but we also know that it speaks to a number of molecules in your body including a number of receptors at the surface of the cells that are involved in lipid signaling but also um by its ability to interact with the inflammatory so the inflammasome is really is one of think about it is the an integrating point for a number of signals that actually creates the inflammatory response or a big part of the inflammatory response and you know there's a whole theory of aging that's also linked to the idea that aging the damage associated with aging leads to a chronic inflammatory state and therefore there's been a lot of interest in understanding both what are the consequences of this inflammatory state why is it bad to have too bad to have a chronic inflammatory state and second how can we block it and so both bhb the ketone ester and nad and we can talk about nad a little bit later because we've got some really interesting data on um on inflammation and nad levels which is brand new uh data is about to be published so in terms of bhb um it's fascinating uh molecule as i said uh data coming out of a group dixit at yale showing that um that it is able to inhibit an lrp3 this this critical inflammasome uh mediator and thereby to suppress uh inflammation so that that's really one one one key data and as you mentioned we we have previously shown that beta hydroxybutyrate serves as an hdac inhibitor and thereby is able to modulate the via an epigenetic mechanism the regulation of a number of genes that are that have been shown to be involved in carrier restriction and these include fox or three uh this is one of the few genes that has been involved in in longevity in humans there are polymorphisms in that genes that are associated with uh centenarians and and it's thought to be really uh activating a whole series of mechanism that protects you against oxidative stress and the whole oxidative stress theory of aging i think remains an incredibly important theory there's been some controversy initially because global antioxidants do not seem to be protective against aging but our understanding is getting much more subtle in realizing that not all forms of oxidative stress actually are toxic some are some of them actually necessary for signaling but there's a growing evidence that it's the excess of oxidative stress that becomes toxic and therefore we believe that this might be one of the mechanisms by which uh beta-hydroxybutyrate actually plays its protective role yeah and that could be due to the reduction of free radical production and then also upregulation of glutathione in our cells so it's like a double whammy against oxidative stress yes

- Caloric restriction, ketogenic diets, and exogenous ketones for longevity with Dr. Eric Verdin: Kind: captions Language: en so caloric restriction fasting ketogenic diets have all been shown to be beneficial for many different reasons um related to different aging pathways and you've published research on the signaling roles of the ketone body beta hydroxybutyrate um do you mind going into detail or just explaining some of these signaling roles and how it's relevant to these aging pathways and what this has to do with fasting and ketogenic diets and the overlap between all of these modalities cool so there is a uh growing evidence of a link between nutrition and lifespan and the first experiment that was conducted actually dates back close to 100 years where people discovered that calorie restriction was leading to an increase in lifespan and a number of organisms this has been validated not universally but in many organisms and this led essentially to um to an interest in trying to understand what is it about calorie restriction the idea of restricting the number of calories in an animal eats what leads to what is the link between this intervention and increased lifespan and also suppression of all of these chronic diseases of aging so a second observation was by cynthia kenyon and colleagues showing that the insulin signaling pathway which in humans signals not only for insulin but also igf-1 is also linked to longevity and we know this is one of the major pathway that is activated following nutrient intake so this these two types of observations have really pointed to nutrition and metabolism is one of the key pathways that drive aging a ketogenic diet is is another one of these dietary intervention which is characterized by a high level of ketones and and i'll say a word about those but also very low insulin signaling so one way to enter ketosis is to actually restrict carbohydrate and therefore insulin signaling so what are ketones they are a form of energy there are three ketone bodies acetone acetoacetate and beta hydroxybutyrate and they are generated by the body under fasting condition or under conditions of limited carbohydrate intake the net result is that the fat that we liberate from our fat tissue under those circumstances goes to the liver and is transformed into the major ketone body beta hydroxybutyrate which itself can be used as a form of energy by different tissues now we've known for a long time that the ketogenic diet is a so-called dietary restriction pneumatic diet so it mimics some of the fasting effects because of low insulin but also what we have discovered is this molecule beta-hydroxybutyrate is has signaling properties by itself it has a protective effect against inflammation and we've shown also it works as an epigenetic regulator and increases your resistance to oxidative stress so this has led us to pursue our studies in two different directions one is really trying to understand how does the ketogenic diet work um and and so we as you pointed correctly we published a paper a couple years ago showing that animals that are placed on a cyclical ketogenic diet actually show increased lifespan health span and increased cognition but also has led us to the idea of maybe mimicking the ketogenic diet itself by substituting or providing exogenous ketones and so these exogenous ketones are primarily a beta hydroxybutyrate and the idea is that we might be able to recapitulate most of the beneficial effect of the ketogenic diet by administration of these exogenous ketones this is obviously still a work in progress we have we and others in the field have quite exciting preliminary results that indeed many of the beneficial effects of a ketogenic diet can be recapitulated by these molecules but we still need to do a lot more work in this area

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucianogray6060: I had trouble eating, I’m new and my main goal is to build muscle and what worked for me is the keto diet that I got from ketogenerator.online . I’ve been using it for a couple of months and It’s been working for me, I don’t know if it works to lose weight but It has the option to. Don’t lose motivation! I learnt that discipline is key I hope it helps :)

- Metabolism, Immunity & the Biology of Aging: A Conversation with Dr. Eric Verdin: Kind: captions Language: en What if aging is just a slow decline, but a process tightly governed by how our cells use energy, sense nutrients, and regulate inflammation? What if molecules NAD+ even ketone bodies shaped by diet, metabolism tightly influencing how our genes are expressed and how we age? Today's guest has spent decades uncovering how metabolism, epigenetics, and the immune system come converge to shape human aging and what that means for extending health span. Welcome back to Decoding Longevity. I'm your host, Dr. Raghav Segal, joined with my co-host, Dr. Max Weitziger, and today we're joined with Dr. Eric Verdin. >> Hi everyone. In our last episode, we have explored longevity policy and how to bring aging science into the public action. Today, we're going much deeper into the molecular biology of aging itself from how cells sense nutrients, regulate energy, and to how metabolites like NAD+ and ketone bodies directly influence gene expression and inflammation. This is the layer where aging is actively shaped and not just observed. So, our guest today, as Raghav mentioned, is Dr. Eric Verdin, president and CEO of the Buck Institute for Research in Aging, the world's first independent institute dedicated entirely to understanding aging and age-related diseases. Eric, welcome to the podcast. >> Good to be here with both of you, Max Sue and and Raghav, and I'm looking forward to the next 45 minutes. >> Yeah. Well, Eric, it's amazing to have you here. Honestly, your career has been sort of a a guiding thought for so many scientists in the aging and longevity and gerontology field. So, I actually want to touch a little bit on your career trajectory itself. You your career sort of spans medicine, virology, fundamental of chromatin biology, and epigenetic regulation. And then sort of follow over time this kind of converged all into focus on aging, specifically like insights on metabolism and metabolic signals and how that regulates gene functions. What really led you to make the shift? Why aging biology and why study it now? >> I would love to tell you a very sort of intelligent story of how this was all planned from the beginning. And uh but one of the the the beauties of at least for me it's always been of an academic career is the ability that you you can do do whatever you want. And uh a lot of my career has been driven in some way by chance events, that meetings, interactions with people that really changed the way you look at something. There was one thing that was clear in terms of my career is that I at age seven I went to a birthday party of a friend and he received a microscope present and we spent a whole afternoon looking at crystals, copper sulfate crystals and all this and even I mean I still remember this with the same emotion as I did at that time. It was like oh my god, you know, here's a whole other vision of the world that I had never seen and from that day my parents told me that I told everybody I was going to be a scientist. >> That's amazing. >> Even though I had no clue of what it was but just this ability to discover, to to look at the world in a different way, to imagine what was behind all of these changes. And eventually, you know, I made my way to medical school because of a family friend's advice who told me you will be a human biologist and you know, after your training as a physician, you can train in in research and this is what I did. So I did a really long post doc at Harvard Medical School at the end of medical school which trained me in research. If you look at my career, doesn't really make any sense in terms of how I went from metabolism, diabetes. As a physician, I was trained in endocrinology and metabolism, so I was very interested in this. I trained with a pretty famous person in in the field, Ron Kahn, who initially cloned the insulin receptor and is one of the leaders of our understanding of type 2 diabetes. So, that's something that's always been with me. So, this fascination with endocrinology and physiology ended up working for reasons that are still not clear to my mind, but on on HIV transcription or regulation for many years, for actually close to 20 years. And this work I and I worked on this and it was fascinating. We used HIV as a model system to study epigenetic regulation because we knew it was an important aspect. The virus lands as a genetic element in many different parts of the genome and it has to be transcribed efficiently. So, I was fascinated by how does a virus solve a problem like this? And this work led to the cloning and the identification of a series of some of the first epigenetic regulators, the so-called HDACs. We cloned HDAC 2 through HDAC 7 and eventually then ended up cloning the the human equivalent of sirtuins, which had been discovered in yeast. So, we cloned SIRT1 through SIRT37 human protein genes. And that all of a sudden, you know, sort of I started reading about aging and I realized, you know, there was an intersection with a field that I had really missed, which was metabolism, energy, mitochondrial function, and so on. And so, that was around 1996, about I hate I hate to be reminded of this, but it's 30 30 years ago. And and so, at that point I sort of moved back through some way what had been my original love and of interest, which is metabolism, energy metabolism, and so on, linked with epigenetics. And this is where my lab is I think has made its mark. It's really trying to understand how do these epigenetic regulators intersect with metabolism. We know metabolism is source of energy generation or anabolic molecules. So, they had I've always been reasoning that they had to be an incredible tight regulation between gene expression control and metabolism. And so, this has led to work on NAD. I'm sure we'll have a chance to talk about this, but also the role of ketones, the role of acetyl-CoA, and so on. And so, one area that I'm still fascinated by is really that intersection between small metabolites and how they speak to the epigenetic circuitry. >> Yeah, that is amazing. >> long answer, but it's sort of a I don't know what >> I absolutely love it. I feel I feel like we have so many areas in life that are common. Like myself, I also started, you know, with biology, and then my dad said like you have to do medicine, and then suddenly like you know, I didn't know what I wanted to do. I just knew that I wanted to do research, but back in Brazil it wasn't really possible. I you know, I ended up doing sports science, and then coming to Australia. So, I I love how it's not a straight line in most cases. And same with Ragav, I'm I'm sure that he will talk about. >> It was a straight line. Like I'm a computational biologist studying aging science, but I started off as a electronics and computer science engineer. >> Love that. >> It's amazing. >> Exactly. I tell, you know, there's it's the best part of life for me. That that poetry of the unexpected. If you, you know, I had met some my young colleagues when I was in medical school. One of them struck me. He told me, I asked him, "What's your goal in life?" He says, "I I to publish 100 papers by the age I'm 30, when I'm 30. And I thought this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. And how could you actually define your life on the number of papers? I I told him I want to publish one important paper before I'm 30, but not not necessarily 100. But uh I think just allowing sometimes life to carry you and to be surprised by it and to take a road that you don't know where it's going to me is really the best aspect of of what we do. >> Absolutely. I love that. Uh thank you so much for sharing and and for some wisdom, too. So, um for our listening listeners that are new and they haven't heard about the Buck Institute, what do you think it makes it unique in the aging research landscape and how does it structure bringing together metabolism, the neuroscience, the immunology, and all other areas and enables this integrated approach to aging? >> That's a great question. So, I'll just give you a brief introduction. So, we on between 1990 and 1995, many in your audience probably know, there was a revolution in our understanding of aging by the work of Tom Johnson, Cynthia Cynthia Kenyon, Lenny Guarente, Gary Ruvkun, all identified the first mutation that controlled aging. And this broke a sort of a mold that had been imposed on the aging field that aging was sort of an entropy-driven sort of random process by which cells would become dysfunctional or what at a time. And what people had not appreciated is the importance of genetic circuits behind that the toxic insults and our ability to regenerate and to repair. And so, the identification of selective mutation that controlled the aging process just opened up people's mind to the fact now aging was a tractable molecular system for which you could use all the tools of modern molecular biology, mutations, but also drugs. It opened up the idea if you can actually target with a mutation, you could probably identify some drugs that would target the same protein and interfere with the aging process. So, that really is what laid the ground for someone, Mrs. Buck, who left the money to She She passed away and she left the money to a foundation and they wanted to spend it and she wanted to help the aging. That was her mission. And so, they decided that rather than, you know, give it to old people, they would actually create an institute that would capitalize on these changes in our understanding of aging and try to benefit humanity. So, that's how the Buck was founded. That means we have a small endowment from from the Buck Foundation, which I wish would cover all of our work, but only covers about 5% of our work and our budget. Uh so, we were started in 1999, uh as an not-for-profit uh academic institution. We're located about uh 30 minutes north of San Francisco. If you're familiar with uh the Golden Gate Bridge, once you cross it, you drive 30 minutes north and you hit Sonoma and we're right at the border between Marin County and Sonoma. We live in a beautiful building, which was designed by I. M. Pei, the famous architect, who also did the pyramids in the Louvre and or the East Wing of the National Gallery. So, it's a great building. Those of some of you might have come here for meetings. Uh it's a inspiring place, inspiring place for me to come and work every day. Beautiful architecture. We have today about 300 different employees coming from 34 different countries. And so, we operate like any lab that you would see. So, 22 different 23 different PIs, who each run their little operations. We touch on everything related to aging. That's the only thing that will get you a job at the Buck is you have to work on something that's is to aging, and it goes from the basic biology studying aging in C. elegans or in fruit flies or in mice or in humans to people studying the pathogenesis of diseases like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease. In the last So, I've been here for 9 years, and one of the things that dimension that I've added is the whole idea of studying humans. And my way of presenting it to our faculty is that we're adding another animal models, which is the human. And so, that means something that are similar to basic research in in fruit fly and Drosophila, but something that are different. For example, we started a clinical research unit. Right now, we have eight clinical trials that are ongoing. I think this is a really important aspect of our field. You know, we don't want to just study aging in worms. We want to study it in humans. We want to make a difference in in people's health. And so, we've recruited also clinical trial physicians who know how to do clinical trials. We have a big new emphasis on AI. About 30% of our budget now being devoted to programs that are looking at AI. I'm happy to discuss all of this. So, there's the whole vision of what I want the Buck to do. So, we still have two more buildings to build. So, if one of your listeners has some extra change burning at the bottom of their pockets, there's an amazing opportunity to build two more buildings and to really continue expanding. My vision of the Buck when I will retire, hopefully in a long time, is to create a fully integrated institute, probably about double the size of what we have right now, that really spans the whole field of aging research, going from the most simple animal all the way to humans. And with the goal, frankly, of really changing medicine and changing the trajectory of how we age and how long we live and how well we live. >> I have to say the vision and the Buck has been amazing, Eric. And and how quickly sort of within a span of what, 30 years, so much has been done by the institute to really establish itself as >> Yeah, I'm happy to actually to highlight I didn't even do this, but I was hoping you were going to get to this talk about, you know, so what are we known for? >> Yeah. I I actually Well, let me let me start by saying the building itself, as you mentioned, is so beautiful. When I visited for the first time, I remember there was like sort of the fog was still kind of covering over the hills, and the sun was just kind of rising, and it is >> It was beam. >> beautiful beautiful sight. >> I I love I love the love. It is a truly special place, and you know, one I was at UCSF and at the Gladstone for 20 years before that, and I when I left, I I was pretty worried because the Mission Bay campus of UCSF and UCSF in in whole has about 20,000 people, and here I was moving to a, you know, I think multi-billion dollar organization at UCSF, so many colleagues, all of the equipments. Some colleagues told me, "What are you going to do at the Buck with 300 people? You're going to be so isolated. We're on the top of a hill." >> What I have found is exactly the opposite. I think I've I've, you know, what one of the things that characterizes us is an incredibly tight community. Everybody is interested in the same thing, in aging, so we have lots of collaborations, lots of discussions. It's an amazing place to work. If you look at our papers, there's all of them are collaborative. And then you walk into this building every morning, I call it a temple for medicine. You know, I'm not a religious person person, but when I walk into this building, I feel the weight of the responsibility of what we do, and to do it in such a beautiful space surrounded by nature is is a true privilege. >> Absolutely. And actually, maybe maybe on the point of what you were saying, Eric, could you maybe highlight some of the really major major impactful things that have happened 30 years that Buck has been in existence? >> You know, after these initial papers, the four or five papers that were characterized the finding mutations that control aging, that's when the initial work was focused on. And so, you know, people like Gordon Lithgow and Simon Melov and others went to work and tried to understand. People did not believe these results first. They thought, "This is These are exceptions. These are things that are happened to C. elegans. It's not relevant to mice." Well, they went to work and were able to map pathways, and so identified many mutations that control aging. It's actually kind of easy to do this. And I think Gordon Lithgow told me that in C. elegans alone, there are close to more than 600 genes that will control lifespan in in a direct manner or semi-direct manner. So, that's what people thought it was an exception is not. It's actually quite easy to do. And it's actually quite interesting to see why has an evolution actually favored this. You know, why why do why do we need to make mutations to make animals live longer? Well, there's a whole series of reasons that we can discuss, but quite often it's because reproduction is favored rather than a long lifespan. So, there's always some kind of antagonism between the two, reproductive ability and reproducing fast versus living long. Lots of amazing biology in this whole area. So, that was one contribution. First, just mapping the pathways, the role of insulin signaling, the role of proteostasis. Many much of the work of the Buck, frankly, led to the identification of what we call the hallmarks of aging. We were not associated with the paper, but a A of the work that was done here led to the identification of these sort of pillars of aging, molecular pathways that contribute contribute to aging. That would be a number one. Number two was uh Gordon Lithgow and other colleagues, Brian Kennedy at the time, came up with the so-called geroscience hypothesis. What they observed as they were playing around with these mutations, they found that when you tinker with aging, the animals live longer, but they also live healthier. And so out of this came the idea that the common trunk for all the chronic disease of aging that we are seeing around in our parents, grandparents, think about heart attack, stroke, and all of this. That's all driven by aging pathways. If you target aging, you are actually not only making animals live longer, but you suppress the development of all of these diseases. So it has a huge potential for medicine. And so the geroscience hypothesis has become, you know, something that's that's been embraced by the NIH, by Felipe Sierra and others, and is really hopefully driving a a new way to look at the etiology, the cause of these disease, and how to interfere with their development. So th- this would be two things. Number three, actually Gordon Lithgow also was the first one to identify a drug that increased lifespan. That was published in a science paper, and first time that anyone had actually given a drug to an animal and made it live longer, which was actually quite quite interesting. Um came also the Judy Campisi, who was actually created pretty much one of the whole pillars of aging, the whole idea of senescence. So Judy was a faculty at the Buck, identified the first molecular marker of senescence with senescence associated beta-gal, and was able to use this to enumerate senescent cells, came up with the whole concept of senolytics, started the first company that targeted uh senescent cells with the whole idea of senolysis. That was a company called Unity Biocience. I founded this with with Arch Venture. Uh, so uh and eventually that whole idea permeated the whole institute so that many of us, including my lab, ended up working on the mechanism of senescence and their relevance to um to disease. And this is work that that's still ongoing. Then um more recently, one of the things as I mentioned when I came to the Buck, I was struck as a physician by the fact that people were studying aging in these animal models and pretty people not paying as much attention as I thought they should to humans. And so what what was the implication of all of these findings to human? Are all of these pillars validated in humans and so on? So when since I've come, we've recruited a number of people who have who have an empty background of better understanding of human biology. We've developed a whole series of organoid model systems. And so right now, what's exciting, we've created the clinical research unit where we, as I mentioned, we're doing clinical trials. So we're really trying to to go to the next step, which is obviously much harder when you go to humans. How do you how do you take all these discoveries and translate them into human health? So I think that >> Do you even measure how long is it going to be uh >> Well, the whole biomarkers of aging is really one big area right now that we're working on, which is the next the next big frontier. How do we translate aging research into humans? >> And and absolutely. >> I'll say I think the Buck has gotten some really amazing grants in the recent past, including two R P A H funded grants, which is I don't think any institute of that sort of I think per person production in that so many sort of R P A H grants that I have seen, which is amazing. >> It's really inspiring all the breadth of work, like all the the big names and discoveries that that have been happening in the institute. It's no wonder that, you know, we you have received such prizes. so >> And and you you hadn't seen anything yet. I can tell you without really spilling the beans, we are in the process of recruiting one of the top, you know, we were doing we recruited Lee Hood and Nathan Price who are arguably two of the best people in the the world in terms of bioinformatics, biology and and really studying longevity in humans. We are in the process right now and I won't spill the beans, but I can tell you when people see who we're in the process of recruiting, their jaws are going to drop. So, and that's pretty for me it's it's a it's a dream. It's really I want the Buck to be one of the best places in the world where you can do not only aging research, but biology period and I think we're getting there. We right now we have seven recruitments that are ongoing. So, lots of excitement in terms of where the institute is going to be in the next next five years. And I think to me I I I count my blessing every day. I mean, to be at the head of an organization like this is just amazing. >> Well done to you, too. It really is exciting times. So, another let me just go back a little bit into one of the points that you didn't really touch on, but I know that is another major area of your research, which is the immune aging. So, we often hear the term of inflamma-aging, the chronic low-grade inflammation that increases with age. So, how does metabolism and immune function intersect here and why is it that the immune system has such a key role into all of the other aging processes and eventually in healthspan? >> Good. So, let let me answer the first question first, which is why the immune system? Why why did I study why do I study that? And that was a So, I've always done immunology in the context of epigenetics, but when I came to the Buck, I wanted to, as I mentioned, really shift the institute towards a more human-centric aspect. And so, I showed the good example by shifting my lab to study human immunology. And you can wonder why why the role of the immune system in in aging. Well, there there are a whole series of reasons which in some way have been validated a posteriori, but I think the bet was was the correct bet. The bet was that the immune system and the central nervous systems are the only distributed organs. In a way, when you talking about the immune system, of course, there's concentration of immune cells in your spleen, in your lymph node, in your thymus, but every tissue is full of immune cells, macrophages, lymphocytes, neutrophils, and so on. So, the immune system is constantly patrolling the whole body, checking for pathogens, making sure that there's not no tissue to repair, and so on. Plus, the immune system plays a big role in tissue remodeling. So, the whole idea was that the immune system has to be one of the major driver of the aging process. And so, this has been validated in two different papers by Maria Mitelbohn and and Laura Niedernhofer. Both of them showed in mice, if you make a mutation only in the immune system, you actually induce aging of the immune system, but that itself induces secondary aging in every other tissue. But these are two landmark papers that sort of have validated, at least in mice, that a primary lesion in the immune system will induce organismal aging. That means you better keep your immune system in good shape. The The other thing that's been shown more recently is by Tony Wyss-Coray and his colleagues who have generated a series of selective clocks that are organ-specific that allow you to measure how does your immune system versus your brain versus your lungs, and so on, age. And they measure the rate of each of those. And And it's technology that's been commercialized by a company called Vera. Full disclosure, I'm on the board of that company cuz I think it's really exciting biology. They used the technology to go back to UK Biobank and try to see, okay, which organ aging is predictive of lifespan? And there are two organs, not unexpectedly, it's the brain and the immune system that are the most predictive. So, that means if your brain ages faster, you're likely to live shorter. And so, again, this is the prediction based on the fact that you, even though your brain is in your head, you the nerve extremities go absolutely everywhere. Every organ is innervated, every muscle, everything, essentially. So, if you have lesions or dysfunction in your brain, your whole organism is going to be affected. Um Now, so, that was be the first question in some way. What is it What is it about the the immune system? Now, if I can just diverge a little bit to basic immunology, there are two parts of the immune system. There's so-called innate immune system, which is the rapid-fire response that is activated as soon as a pathogen is enters or as soon as there is tissue damage. Uh it is not specific, but it can recognize bacteria in a non-specific manner. It's called the innate immune system. That system becomes chronically activated, the so-called inflammaging. So, it's actually inflammation that is the readout. And we know inflammation, which is normally a protective response, if it becomes chronically activated, becomes uh deleterious. It leads to tissue damage. The other part of the immune system is so-called adaptive immune response, is much more selective. That's the one for which you can generate memory. For example, if you get vaccinated, if you get infected by a bacteria or a virus, uh eventually your T cells and your B cells are going to recognize the specific molecular signature of that pathogen and they will be amplified and so that when the pathogen is eliminated, you will have been so-called primed. So that if that pathogen or the virus comes back, the response is very quick and very protective. So that's the basis for vaccination. It turns out that response actually decreases with aging versus the innate immune response increases in abnormal way. The adaptive response decreases which makes us more prone to virus infection. COVID-19 was a good example. Influenza, RSV, pneumonia, all these diseases really disproportionately killed the elderly. The other thing also is they make us much less efficient at responding to vaccines. So we have a double problem. We cannot respond to the infection in the proper way or we respond in an inappropriate way. COVID-19 people showed exaggerated inflammation. So inflammaging was bad. They had in they had inappropriate T-cell and B-cell response so that that left them unable to respond. So combine all of this together, this is why I think studying and understanding the role of the immune system in the aging process is really in my opinion has not been studied enough and you know, everything that we study is actually has been quite interesting. We can make a lot of brand new discoveries and I think I would hope that there's going to be a lot more interest in the future in addressing these problems. And it is it is quite exciting and I do think like inflammaging is such a central focal point of aging and often I I also feel not given enough focus sometimes. We almost sort of uh it's such a permeance across the body in a way because it affects every other system. You know, increased inflammation leads to increased cardiovascular risk, increased chronic kidney disease risk, increased cognitive risk, everything. Yet, it's so often overlooked as this singular mechanism that might be driving aging so significantly. And I I really think we need to focus quite more heavily. And actually, a lot of work that you have done in sort of HIV positive models sort of indicates towards that, right? That the low grade inflammation that we see in HIV positive individuals essentially drives uh a lot of the uh chronic disease risk that they see even after they are being sort of treated with a lot of the medications, which is quite astonishing, to be honest. >> Agreed. >> Talk about interventions for a bit, and especially since you're so excited about sort of the human aspect of the work that's going on at the park. I've been sort of following a bit of your LinkedIn posts recently, and and I see you've been posting quite exciting uh and giving your opinions in a lot of way. And and and one of the things that you have been, you know, really giving sort of a balanced optimism for with realism, I would say. The excitement around drugs, right? Like rapamycin and metformin, but also the emphasis on lifestyle interventions like exercise, nutrition, and how incredibly powerful they remain. There's a lot of noise in the world. Right? How should we think about this balance today? And I I know this is a loaded question that I'm asking you, but feel free to >> I'm really I'm really happy to be able to address it because, you know, people just love to put you in a box and or to diminish your influence or do I've I've learned all of these games that are being played, and and I can tell you frankly, there's a whole group of people in the aging field who don't like me. And so, they've called me Dr. Health Span. And and And or they I've been called uh the grumpy grumpy doctor of longevity medicine. I've I've been called all kinds of names and I can see it sometimes in the post how people just love to put you in a box and and I think this really gives me a good chance to to put the record straight. Um So, here's really how I think about all this. Um Today, we don't have any medicine, any supplement that are known to increase lifespan or healthspan, period. That's the truth. And and you know, we might have some. I I believe that the GLP-1 agonist and SGLT2 inhibitors and metformin and maybe a whole series of acarbose and some other drugs might be really targeting these pathways, but we don't have the demonstration. It's only inferred from data that comes in mice. And I think this is our work to do is to actually establish the validity, the safety, and the efficacy of these drugs using the gold standard, which is a randomized clinical trial. Okay, so that's that's really how we have gotten so far in terms of medicine is by applying the most rigorous standards to demonstrate safety and efficacy. And I think those standards are going to have to be applied to longevity medicine like any other field. And the problem, by the way, is even harder because we are dealing with people who are, in general, sort of healthy. So, if we want to increase their lifespan, you better be sure that what you're giving to someone for 20, 30 years is not actually going to make them live shorter or or be more sick. You know, having been trained as a physician, I know how many drugs have side effects. And, you know, I I I'll give you an example. I know quite a few people who've approached me in their 30s and saying, "I want to go on metformin." I said, "Yeah, why do you want to do this?" Well, because I think it's going to make me live longer. I said, "Have you considered that it will crater your testosterone?" No, no one's talking about this, okay? So, you know, in the young men, you can really damage your testosterone response with metformin. So, I tell people, you know, there's we don't have there's not such a thing as a free lunch. Many medicine have untoward side effects and we have to be very careful. So, that's that's the aspect I'm as as excited as anybody is and I I should because we sit on the top of all of this amazing data and animal models that at some point we will be able to generate drugs that increase lifespan and healthspan. That's that's the future and we're working on it. We're doing clinical trials, you know, so some people call me they said I lack ambition because I I will never tell you that I'm going to live to 140. Okay? Some of my colleagues that doing this, I think it's deplorable. It should not be done because they have no evidence that this is going to happen. You know, some people are raising the ante. Some supplement guys is telling everybody is going to live to 170. I could walk around and and scream on the top of every roof that I'm going to live to 180. It's total BS. I mean, they don't have any evidence for making these claims and I think it irritates me because I think it does not speak to seriousness. It just it's it's a hype machine. It's part of what I call Instagram medicine. It just, you know, I'm going to scream louder than you are and my number is bigger than yours and therefore I'm more representative. So, that's that's my beef as I really hate this this hype aspect of of our work. Let's just walk before we run. Let's project reasonable expectations for the population because the the thing that bothers me the most is that speaking about living forever is one of the oldest dream of humanity for everybody. Not not just for those people, for me, too. I want to live old and and happy and and healthy, but at the same time I recognize the limitations of what I'm doing right now. But, I am ambitious. Don't don't don't misunderstand the realism and the conservatism from ambition because we are working actually. We're doing more clinical trials than many of these other people who are walking around making these crazy predictions. So, that's num- number one. Number two is we know things today that will increase your health span and your lifespan. And, I think we have to speak about those. But, it's not one or the other. It's not health span versus lifespan. The two I think are really intricately linked. But, while we're working, you know, to changing the world for the next 20, 30, 40 years, I think to me it seems that as a responsible physician, I have to let people know what can they do today. And, this is the whole health span thing. Uh I'm convinced today that most people could live to 90, 95 in good health if they were to implement everything that we know. And, so a lot of our effort right now is to trying to define these so-called lifestyle factors. Think about nutrition, physical activity, sleep, uh uh stress mitigation, and and finally, you know, the soft things like sense of purpose or loving connections and so on are all what the tools that we have today. We sort of know about them in general terms, but we have not studied them molecularly. For example, now with all of these measuring clocks that we can use, you know, which form of exercise is the most conducive to longevity? Right now, everybody exercises sort of willy-nilly thinking, you know, if you listen to some people, they will tell you, "Well, everything is in muscle strength. Everything is muscle mass." Some other people will tell you, "No, it's all zone two." None of them know for sure what is really the best regimen for the physical activity. I would like to know, so I don't know, so I do a little bit of everything. I try to have a bit of a higher VO2 max. I lift some weights. But, frankly, I'm I'm navigating all of this in the dark. Now, with tools of biomarkers, I think we can start doing what my colleague here at the Buck, Lee Hood has called and Nathan Price have called scientific wellness. So that's applying clocks and the molecular tools to understand what is it about nutrition, what is it about sleep, what is it about exercise that really allows you to live longer and and bring all of this soft science, the wellness source industry to a molecular understanding and to a a rational design. So that's really one one area that I think we cannot ignore this. There's 20 to 30 years of extra lifespan and healthspan that we can grab today because we know and the people who have a great and habits tend to live longer than others. So I hope that sort of reconciles the two aspects that I think where the field should be going. It's not one or the other. It's not being crazy about prediction versus ignoring what we can do today. >> I think you're absolutely >> Um from primarily because I think like the the intervention I'm like you know that works is calorie restriction. Right? Um And that's the one lifestyle intervention that has been tested in these settings or or and seem to help with slowing down the rates of aging. We we don't really actually even know a lot of these therapeutics or even some of the biohacking mechanisms people are trying work. Uh someone used this terminology the other day and called it longevity entertainment and it really struck >> I I called it Instagram medicine. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I completely second that. It at some level it is that, right? When you're perpetuating ideas and ideologies without sort of rooted science. >> Exactly. Yeah. It is it is not it is not useful. >> And I love that you touched on the exercise part as well because very recently we have we had another invited speaker in the podcast and he was actually mentioning how the decline in muscle mass due to lack of exercise is one of the signals that can say that your brain is going to decline 10 years prior to the declining brain. And as you just mentioned, the two only organ systems that seem to drive aging so fast is when you have the brain being affected or the immune system. So we just show, you know, how exercise somehow is affecting all of this and not to mention that it it does also affect your immune system and resilience and so on and so forth. So definitely we have to do the things that we know that work and I'm not saying that none of those supplements or medications don't work, but we don't simply have the measures and to measure how much is actually going to affect in a human life, it's going to take years and I I feel like we're just trying to predict everything and just say that it that it's going to happen the same way that they happen with animal models and it's not actually the truth. So I think we just need to slow down. It's going to come, but we just have to stay well until then and uh do the things that that will allow us to stay well until then. So yeah, I fully agree with that as well. >> My argument to people is, you know, the science will come. I would say in the next 5 to 10 years we will have the first demonstration of some of these interventions, drugs or supplements actually are really moving everything in the right direction. We already have some hints, but you want to position yourself so that you are as healthy as possible 10 years from now to benefit from the next wave. And I think that's really for me is is the you know, cannot imagine that these drugs coming on the background of someone living unhealthy are going to be very helpful. Uh and I think I tell everyone that who wants to listen that try to live as healthy as you can today so that you will benefit from the discoveries that will come in the future. And yeah. >> Yeah. Actually, on the point of future, looking 10 years ahead, right? There's there's so much work that is happening in different fields right now, right? There's there's metabolism, of course, there's epigenetics, there's immune regulation. And of course, there's so many other dimensions to sort of the aging field that is sort of ongoing research. What are the most exciting developments that you see emerging right now, the convergence around the Uh what you what what are the you're really willing to delve into? >> It's it's very hard to make a bet on what's going to be emerge. I still think, if I look at the biology in um in a simple organism, the pathways that we have mapped, it seems that um the insulin and glucose pathway, so our ability to metabolize carbohydrate via insulin is one of the major pathways that emerges from fruit flies, from C. elegans, from mice, and now in a completely independent manner from the ITP program, where, you know, people have been testing which human drugs might be increasing lifespan. It turns out many of these drugs that I've mentioned earlier, um SGLT2 inhibitors, uh metformin in some animals, acarbose, maybe GLP-1 agonists, are all targeting insulin and glucose metabolism and signaling. If I had to put my money on something that's going to happen in the next 10 years, is that one of those is going to emerge with a very strong response in humans. So, that's really from the metabolism point of view. And we still do not fully understand how this works. Uh it's an incredibly complex system. As I mentioned, I I did my postdoc in the lab of Ron Kahn at the Joslin in the medical Harvard. He spent his whole life trying to understand insulin signaling. Near Barzilai has done a lot of beautiful work in this as well. So, I think it's really to me this is one area that I think is really important and not fully understood, so it needs more work. The other area that really excites me and I think it excites everybody in the aging field is the whole Yamanaka factor reprogramming. So, problem there is, you know, is the fact that I think the findings are real. We can really rewind the clock. Can rewind the clock all the way back to a primary embryonic stem cells, which is unbelievable. You can also partially rewind it to a a youth more youthful state. And so, you know, Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte, the whole Altos company, I mean, they're have been like the true pioneers of of of really doing all of this. Sinclair now has joined the fray with his company doing looking at this in the eye. So, there's many people studying this, which is a remarkable process. The problem is, as a rejuvenation strategy for an organism, no one has been able to explain to me how you're going to be doing this. Now, maybe the only thing you need because the problem is these are vectors. They're, you know, and so you need to be able to transduce all cells or at least a majority. Maybe it would be sufficient to do it in immune system. So, I haven't heard anybody actually really come up so far with a mechanism of how this is going to be done to increase longevity. But that being said, it can be used in a more sort of isolated manner, the same way um Life Science, David Sinclair's company is going after doing it in the eye, for example, for glaucoma or some other unique condition. So, I think maybe that's but this is not longevity. And and there is a an ocean separating the idea of doing this in the eye to doing it in in the whole organ. And so, until but which means it's not a problem of longevity. It becomes a problem of vectors, signal transduction of transduction of drugs, and so on. So, and this is where it's going to be rate-limiting. Now, that being said, maybe you just need to do it in the brain, or you just need to do it in the immune system. So, I try to stay optimistic because I think the the effect that have been seen by many are so dramatic that it has to give you pause in saying maybe we've discovered Belmonte has really discovered something pretty unique. Now, the only thing about this whole story is I've been kicking myself for the last 20 years because when I was at the Gladstone when when Shinya Yamanaka made these discoveries, he was the floor below me, and I was already working on aging, and I was already thinking at the time this has to be there has to be a meaning related to aging, but I never had the courage to actually do the experiment, and I should have, but that's history. Sometimes it tells you when you have a hint or sort of the impression that you should be going after something. I think I did I I didn't, and someone else did, which is good for the field, but not good for me. >> You could have won the the Nobel Prize with him. >> Well, I don't know. Nobody's won the Nobel Prize for this yet because and the reason is Shinya did, but the reason being that everyone recognizes the difficulty of bringing this to the level of an organism. >> Yeah, no, that that absolutely. I think it's a very inspiring area of the epigenetic reprogramming, and the only thing that I always think about is how sometimes reprogramming or reversing, you know, to a young state, in my mind, it just goes straight into like equals to cancer because somehow we can't handle, you know, having all this growth as children do. So, how do we actually balance it out, and I'm I still my, you know, uh sort of like, worries about it in in a way, but >> the only one. You're not the only one. You remember they had uh quite a few tumors initially. Uh in the case of the the one that's being done in the eye, I believe they they removed C-Myc, which is one of the major driver, but I once should still one of the properties of stem cell is to proliferate. So, there's always the possibility that some of these cells are going to start proliferating. >> Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so as a final question, this has been absolutely wonderful and an absolute pleasure to have you here, but we have been asking this recently to all of our guests, and we would love to hear from you. In your opinion, who do you think has really been moving this field in incredible ways? I know that you mentioned so many people already uh during this episode, but who do you think we should invite next to come and give, you know, their view uh on aging and their perspective, and someone that is really making an impact right now, in your opinion? And doesn't have to >> It can be more. >> It doesn't have to be one. >> It doesn't have to be one. Can be more than one, but we typically of like always taking our guest's opinion on who should we invite next. >> All right, I'll I'll I'll pitch one of my colleagues. Although, you know, I'm probably going to make some enemies of some other colleagues that I haven't pitched, but I'll send you the list. I would say one person that is really impressing me a lot right now is Nathan Price. >> Mhm. >> Um and if you haven't read his book uh called The Age of Scientific Wellness, he wrote this book with uh Lee Hood, and I think it's it's going to be a really You know, another person would be Lee Hood. Uh he's also a colleague at the Buck. He is the father of something called P4 Medicine, the idea that medicine can be precision, predictive, participatory, and there's one more that I always forget. So, this idea of reinventing medicine based on what we understand about aging science, it's coming of age today. So, maybe you can have the two of them together. I think they really are helping us at the Buck formulate what this new vision of modern aging medicine will look like in the future. And I think they will provide for entertainment. And and Leo also on top of it has such an amazing history in terms of everything he's discovered. You might know that he invented the first DNA sequencing machine. He was behind the the sequencing of the human genome. So, I think he's they both are incredible. So, I would recommend both of them. >> Lee is definitely a stalwart. He is amazing. And Nathan's I have heard Nathan's talk at a couple of conferences, and his visions of how to implement AI in the field of longevity is beautiful. Those would be amazing. >> Happy to make the two introductions. >> For sure. >> Amazing. There we go. >> So much Eric for joining us today. We will link a bunch of resources from Eric's work as well as of course the Buck Institute, which has been doing some really amazing amazing work over the last sort of two three decades. And to our listeners who enjoyed our conversation today, please follow Decoding Longevity and share it with your network and this interview. Until next time. Thank you. >> And come come and follow me on LinkedIn. Verdin Lab actually has started a Substack where we are actually reviewing unique papers in the literature and I'm really giving our sort of analysis of these papers. I think it's it's Think about it as a journal club for the general public and it's a lot of fun. So, we started posting. >> Yeah, we'll link or LinkedIn, but more importantly your Substack. This I really like this idea of like a public club. >> Yeah, that's >> Yeah, it's it's >> amazing. >> All right. >> So much Eric. Really enjoyed it. >> So much. See you around. Thank you. >> Thank you.

- Stephen Cunnane - Can Ketones Slow Down Alzheimer’s?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this lecture is being brought to you in part by the generous gifts of these sponsors Thank You Bonnie and thank you all wow what a crowd this is really a pleasure and an honor to come here and speak to you tonight met Ken for a couple of years ago and I greatly respect his personal story and also the type of work that you're doing here at IHMC so it's a pleasure to come here and talk to you a little bit about what we're trying to do in this important field and I'm sure that many of you by the color of your hair are thinking quite seriously about this question that that's on the screen so let me start by saying that this is what the view from my living room window is like it's not quite Florida but it's cold up there now and it's a wonderful place to do winter sports if that's your thing let me show you where we are in relation to you I chose this form of projection of the map of North America so Canada would look even bigger then but it's mostly empty up here and I don't know what the distance is exactly but we're up here north of Boston about four hour drive north of Boston out a little east of Montreal so that's where Sherbrooke is and and who would want to go to Sherbrooke out in this sort of countryside a bit like Ocala in relation to Orlando I imagine it's because they do very good imaging research in Sherbrooke and because they have an excellent Research Center on Aging and my personal life brought me back into Quebec where I actually grew up but the first part of my career wasn't there I want to start by making my disclosures we have funding from the public sector government agencies like the Alzheimer's Association here in the USA and Canadian agencies of various sorts and the private sector funding as well which has helped us do some of the work we're doing so I've got lots of conflicts of interest I think we all have conflicts of interest we all have commitments and beliefs in certain ideas and I hope that my support from these organisations is not colored the way we see this story I think every story needs a beginning and I think it's important to start with some of the pioneers in this field John Freeman died recently has anyone heard of John Freeman so John Freeman as I may have mentioned here was responsible in a big way for reviving the ketogenic diet for intractable epilepsy particularly in children George Cahill also was a pioneer in this field and died recently as well he was the one that really put ketones on the map because they'd known for a long time that something was helping run the brain besides glucose but no one really knew what it was until the late 60s when he did some fairly radical experiments that we probably wouldn't be able to do today but we've done them and we've benefited a lot from the work that they did I don't know when but Veatch was born but he's still alive and he's doing some excellent work on this area as well he was a student of hands krebs from the krebs cycle part of part of the the cellular machinery that generates energy and so he's an important player and has been a very active and vocal in this area and helping give ketones some solid scientific credibility this is a name you might not recognize me a kivi belt oh but she is a pioneer as well she's younger than these old farts that are higher up she's a Finnish lady neurologist and she ran the finger trial so if you google finger or finger trial would be better because you might learn about other fingers besides this trial you'll find that this is the main in my view and I'm going to finish the talk referring to this trial I think it's the most impressive prevention type trial to slow down cognitive decline in older people it's not on Alzheimer's disease but it shows that a concerted multi-pronged approach to prevention can be beneficial and I'd like that's my take-home message and we'll come to that towards the end so let's look at the brain and it's this story is about brain energy metabolism it's about brain fuel and this is a simple cartoon to try and give you an impression that the brain is kind of like a hybrid car the brain is running not on electricity and gasoline but on glucose and ketones and it's keeping that process running properly that is a challenge as we get older it's a challenge to get the main fuel which is by far glucose into the brain and it's a challenge making the switch because if you're in good health then your body is making that switch all the time but people who are at risk of Alzheimer's because of type-2 diabetes insulin is a bad guy in that situation an insulin is blocking part of this process a point that I hope to get to as well so try and keep in mind that what we're talking about is fuel and we're talking about a hybrid brain that's running on these two fuels I'm not a chemist but I'm gonna have to show you just a little bit of chemistry very simple to identify these molecules when we talk about ketones we're talking about ketone bodies which is the old term shorten it to ketones that are generally dry not exclusively but generally are coming from our dietary fats or our stored fats and the first one that the body makes when they are being produced primarily in the liver is this molecule call acetoacetate and it is in this two-way arrow means that it's in a balance with the one you can measure with these finger prick tests that you can do with certain devices and this is beta-hydroxybutyrate just a small chemical difference between the two and there's some degradation of acetoacetate to acetone which is the same molecule as a nail-polish remover your body's actually producing the same molecule and in relatively high concentrations about the same concentration so this is not a negligible product so these are the main ketones there are some others that that but they're not really relevant to our story so what I want to do is give you three for me guiding principles around ketone biology in the brain the first one is this thing that I call a push-pull story because there are two strategies to get energy into the brain this tube here on the left is the blood and this rectangle on the right represents the brain and this little stick person here in the middle is pulling glucose into the brain it's the pole part and and why is it working that way it's because that he's activated or she is activated by the fact that glucose will go down when that cell is done something it's talking to its neighbor and so when the glucose goes down in the blood the transporter is activated and a molecule or several molecules of glucose are pulled into the brain if this cell is not very active then this process doesn't happen and that's normal that's fine but it's the opposite to what happens with ketones ketones don't care how busy this cell is when the ketones go up in the blood they are pushed into the brain they are the backup fuel for brain and that's an important mechanism because if glucose starts to go down because you've been fasting you may have been sick for a few days or something like this there's less glucose available to do this ketones will start to go up and they need to get into the brain quickly so they don't hang around for a signal from the brain they are pushed in right away and so they're the two fuels are quite differently managed in the body and and the advantage for us is that we can provide more ketones and we can be pretty sure they're gonna get in to the brain at least into the normal brain we'll come to the Alzheimer brain in a minute the problem of partly to is related to glucose no I'll leave that point to later so that that's the first point there are two strategies we have two major fuels in the brain and there are two very distinct ways on which they get into the brain one gets pushed in and the other gets pulled in the second point is that this is a concocted image actually of a fetus with that's actually a human brain that's been projected into the head of this infant but I think it's a dramatic image to remind me to tell you that ketones are helping run the infant brain all the time they're not the only fuel that goes into the brain but the infant's brain is very large compared to its body as you can see from this image much larger than ours as adults and this brain absolutely depends on ketones day-in day-out it's not a question of being sick and there's not enough glucose and Oh ho-hum we'll use some ketones it's it's an essential part of that baby's growth and development every single day and where do the ketones come from a little bit from the fat and this is a pretty skinny baby but mostly from what source do you do you know what source where the babies get ketones from from the milk from the medium chain fatty acids in the milk and there's lots of medium chain fatty acids in the milk so when we talk about potentially using ketones to rescue brain function in older people what we're trying to do is basically recapitulate the situation in a normal healthy baby this is not a baby that has a disease or that's been stressed or that's fasting this is it's normal healthy development so we're just trying to recapitulate physiology of the baby in an older person and the third point in this context which make might look a little challenging to understand at first is that ketones are the brain's preferred fuel and I underlined it because that's what I'm really mean they're not the main fuel in the brain but they are the preferred fuel how do we know that if we put people into nutritional ketosis so if you start taking a ketogenic diet today four days later we did these analyses and we showed this this term down here means this x-axis means that it's the change in ketone uptake by the brain the Delta means the change and your numbers have all got a plus on them so they've gone up from what they were before the ketogenic diet to afterwards and this is called an inverse relationship which means when this number goes up this numbers going down it goes from minus minus five down to about minus ten so the glucose is here on the y axis and the glucose uptake goes down in direct relation to the amount of ketones that are available that might seem counterintuitive but in fact the brain only needs so much energy and if it's got a choice between ketones and glucose in a young healthy adults it's going to choose the ketones and hold back on the glucose so we want to exploit that and that means you conserving the glucose for other things that glucose can do besides simply fuel the brain so this is an important concept there's not a lot of ketones in the blood we can push that up but when they are available they're actually the preferred fuel and I'm going to come back to this point at the end because it has relevance to to Alzheimer's so let's talk about this story of brain fuel in Alzheimer's disease what is the problem these are called pet images PET scans and the control brain looks typically like this where you have the areas that are really using a lot of glucose or on the red to orange color and the areas that are not using any are in the blue so it's a rainbow of colors the blue areas are blue because those are the ventricles they contain liquid they don't contain any cells so they don't use any glucose so that's a normal PET scan the problem we've known about for nearly 40 years now since the dawn of PET scans in the late 70s is that to areas where these arrows are which are called the parietal lobes over the ears are not using glucose very effectively so we call this brain glucose hypo metabolism hypo meaning lower than normal this is a signature of Alzheimer's disease it's not a diagnostic tool but it's almost always observed so the question is how the cells died there and they're not using glucose or there are the cells actually alive but they're not able to get or utilize the glucose very effectively is it the cart or is it the horse obviously if they died then the ability to use glucose has got to go down so we started to look at this and our concept is that the brain energy deficit precedes the cognitive decline in people that don't have Alzheimer's but are at increased risk of Alzheimer's the yellow box refers to these people who are at increased risk who have lower brain glucose uptake it's called latent pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism that's an earful it's latent because it's very low key it pre-symptomatic because there's no cognitive symptoms in these individuals no symptoms of cognitive deficit who are they older people me me included lower brain glucose uptake people with insulin resistance it's not just older people I'll show you an example people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease people that are carriers of what's called the e4 allele of April lipoprotein II and the priests million carriers who are the by far at the highest risk they are basically guaranteed to get Alzheimer's because of the mutation they have in each case these are people that have been studied before they have any cognitive symptoms and guess what they all have this pattern of glucose hyper metabolism it varies from one of these conditions to the other but they all have a problem with energy before they get to the disease so let's put this into context they've got some problem with glucose weakens our concept it's our concept this is helping contribute to the problems in the brain the deterioration of the synapses because the brain is running on 10 to 15 percent less fuel and it should be getting it's like trying to run your car on three cylinders instead of four it's not gonna work very well and this in turn leads to the cognitive decline and eventually some of those cells are gonna die and the glucose uptake is going to go down and we develop a vicious cycle of brain energy exhaustion and progression of the disease now this is just an idea it's a concept and if I go to the Alzheimer Congress as I did last summer there's almost nobody who's going to agree with this so you can put a concept up before people or you can test it and one thing you can do is test what is happening to other fuels like ketones if those cells are dead they won't be able to use ketones right so let's look at that idea again either the brain cell is not able to use glucose or it's dying so this is my imaginary brain cell both situations have low glucose uptake but if the cell is dying it won't be able to use ketones either would you agree if it's starving we'd be able to see it should be able to use ketones if you are hungry and your body will be using ketones in your brain a person can starve for over 30 days and the brain will be running predominantly on ketones so the fact that you've been starving was not going to prevent the brain from using ketones that's for sure so if you've got a PET scanner for the glucose studies this part of it you need to be able to do the same measurements with ketones and that's what we developed in our Center in in Sherbrooke so we looked at these types of scans and we compared them in people that are we're at risk of Alzheimer's or with Alzheimer's disease and then we compared them to the ketones and this is an overview of the results we saw so brain glucose and ketone uptake in Alzheimer's disease and in mild cognitive impairment so mild cognitive impairment is MCI and Alzheimer's is abbreviated as ad do you see a difference in the colors from the top to the middle to the bottom maybe the people in the front shout out what you see do you see more green at the bottom or more red there's more green at the bottom and what does this scale show you maybe you don't see the scale very well but green is towards the bottom of the scale and red is towards the top so that means that the Alzheimer brain is using less glucose okay we're not the first people to show that so I showed you a slide of that earlier it was a cross-section of the brain this is a what we call a surface projection but this is confirming that our PET scans and our people with Alzheimer's unfortunately have what you would expect to see a problem getting glucose into the brain so what do you see on this other side it's the ketone story there's green here but there's a little less green here a bit of yellow and these are even a bit of orange and perhaps a reddish color at the bottom that means that the Alzheimer brain is actually taking up ketones better than the control brain and these are age-matched individuals men and women so there's no problem getting ketones into the brain and there is a problem getting glucose into the brain now these people were not on a ketogenic diet they weren't on a ketogenic supplement they weren't on a ketone salt or any of the ways you can supplement your ketone they weren't fasting so the question became well let's just summarize that result first of all to come back to our example if the cell was dying then the ketone uptake would not be normal but it is so we can initially at least eliminate this question of is the brain cell dying is the glucose uptake problem due to the cell being dead no because ketones are getting in normally so this gives us a chance to explore a therapeutic effect of ketones the question then for us was can the Alzheimer brain use more ketones when they're available in larger amounts because if we go back quickly to this image this is under normal circumstances your brain is using one two maybe three percent of its energy is coming from ketones this is very low levels if we're trying to correct this problem with glucose which is on the order of 15 to 20 percent we're getting being able to get more we need to get more ketones into the brain and this slide shows in a kind of a graphical way that when you raise plasma ketones in people with Alzheimer's disease plasma ketones have gone up from 0.4 to 0.8 on our treatment the brain ketone uptake is shown on the y-axis and this faint dotted line in the background is our healthy young controls this is the relationship that would be the ideal situation and where do these two lines fit this is called the pre point that means before they've started a ketogenic supplement the post is after they started the ketogenic supplement we've only got data for seven in one of our medium-chain triglyceride supplements and eleven for the other but these two lines are stuck to the to the reference line so the bottom line is that when you provide more ketones to the Alzheimer brain it can use them which is neat this is this is what it's all about for us if that line wandered off here somewhere it would suggest that you you raise those ketones like crazy in the blood but the brains not able to use them so far so good let's look at what happens before you get Alzheimer's disease that's the condition called mild cognitive impairment and looking at people that have been on a 30 gram per day medium chain triglyceride supplement this time for six months so this is a study that we not only had a long relatively long period of time we also had a placebo involved because now we're getting to think that we've got a chance to do something interesting here we've got to do this right we've got to compare it to a placebo there's quite a placebo effect in treating people with memory deficits and and cognitive problems as they get older when we look at the brain what's happening to the ketone uptake it's similar whether they're on the placebo or on the end before they start pre is before they start the placebo or the MCT treatment doesn't change after they took the placebo the two blue bars are obviously the same but it's doubled on the MCT so this again shows that the mild cognitive obviously if people with Alzheimer's can use ketones normally we would have expected this to be the case in an MCI and mild cognitive impairment and and we have these data and we've got twice as many people there's 19 people per group so our data are a little more robust right now and if we come back to that slope line we've collected a lot of data over the years now not all of it being ours in fact some of these data out here at very high plasma ketones were people who were starving for 60 days these are published results they all survived by the way they were in medically supervised weight loss fasting for weight loss but the point is the relationship between the plasma ketones and the brain ketones follows this line whether you've got very low levels of ketones or very high levels it's a very straight line it never seems to hit the ceiling the capacity of the brain to take extract ketones from the blood it's phenomenal and our mci are exactly on the same slope the line is offset the blue line is offset a little bit because we measure acetoacetate and these are our measures of beta-hydroxybutyrate and the uptake is not identical in the brain but what matters is the slope is the same so it shows that if the issue is to get a little more in all we need to do is raise the plasma level a little bit more and that's was a very encouraging result for us to see so let's say you are working for the regulatory agencies what's the regulatory agency here in the US called the FDA and you've got a new ketone product that you would like to be able to get approved for cognitive issues pretend you're wearing you you've got responsibility to FDA for making this decision so I think the question you're going to ask is who cares about whether ketones are getting into the brain that's not the bottom line the bottom line is well I care too but the bottom line is does it solve a memory problem or not correct that that's my point I'm being a little bit facetious and so what we need to do is look at some of these tests that people do and maybe this is not as big as as it should be but there are tests of what's called episodic memory there are tests of executive function processing speed working memory attention and so on language and we've administered this battery of tests in the study that I just referred to and the results generally speaking look like this the MCT being the active treatment and an upward facing arrow is a positive outcome the yellow is a negative outcome and there are some positive modest positive effects even in the placebo group so we've done an important battery of tests and we've looked at people with MCI six months on the MCT and we're seeing some trends that are interesting if the next and critical step is to you probably can't see it at the bottom unless you're up at the front here but the next step is to expand the sample size because I showed you the results for 19 people well 19 people in the placebo group and 19 people that complete this study in fact we recruited 54 people that's a $750,000 study to do over three years that's a lot of money and we appreciate the investment but all we could study was 19 people that actually finished the treatment so these are trends some of which are significant with the with the bigger fatter arrows but a neurocognitive specialist would look at data and say well you've got a statistical difference with 19 people but it's not enough so we're going to try to do a larger study now and this is called a proof of principle study we've got some very encouraging results but they're not definitive that's not going to stop any of you that wish to using MCT at home if you choose to they're approved by the FDA and our FDA in Canada is called Health Canada you can buy them as I'm sure many of you know off the internet or at your local health food shop and you can experiment with them safely and with some hope that you might see some beneficial effect I'm not selling any product here but I'm telling you that this is enough - you could wait five more years some of you might not have five years to wait so you've got nothing much to lose to give this a try another thing that you're going to do as as the FDA representative handling this file is to say who else has done work in this area who else has found something interesting they call it external validity is there something weird going on in Sherbrooke Canada that doesn't happen anywhere else well it's a fair question so has anyone else seen the same beneficial effective key tones on memory in older people and the answer is yes the ketogenic diet has been used in a couple of studies Robert Krekorian used it and published the data in not in 2012 in a randomized controlled trial I think he finished with 12 or 14 people per group so an even smaller study than ours Russell Swerdlow has a paper that is actually just on on PubMed now I think that was just published with I think it's 15 people no placebo group so it's not a randomized trial it's simply ketogenic diet how many people have tried a ketogenic diet I see maybe 20-30 hands go up so you know that that's the challenge is to change in your lifestyle completely right he had these people stay on it for three months it also took him five years to get 15 people to complete the study so it might be an excellent solution but is it a practical solution we don't know Suzanne craft is doing work on this right now and I haven't seen any progress reports from her group Sam Henderson working for a company called axe Sarah published a paper nearly 10 years ago now which was a randomized control trial as well with a modestly interesting effect of the MCT called caprylic acid or c8 he then tried to reproduce it and and was not successful and we have a work a work in progress so one of the questions is I think that there's it's clear that we can get more ketones into the brain if we try so it could mean that you can get all the ketones into the brain you want to but the effect on memory is not so simple even though we see what you call a straight-line relationship with some cognitive scores so it could be that you might get some improvement but it's never going to get much better or it could be that it depends on how much ketones you get in how men out of ketones did you get in the dose in other words of your ketogenic product so I've got a little bar graph to show you that gives a little bit of an idea of what what I mean in the sense that over here on the left are cognitively normal young people and the the dotted line here at the top is 100% so what is their brain running on it's running 97% on glucose and 3% on ketones approximately you're cognitively normal older person is whoops got a 7% deficit here not in ketone uptake but if glucose levels have gone down the uptake of glucose has gone down by 7% it's still cognitively normal the person with mild cognitive impairment not taking any supplement it's gone down a little further eight nine percent ketone uptakes still normal the person with mild cognitive impairment like in our six months study taking 30 grams a day whoops we've got more ketones we've increased the yellow bar quite significantly but we've still got a deficit 30 grams a day does not replace the glucose that's not getting into the brain so over here on the right we've calculated that we think it would take at least 45 grams a day in order to meet the brain's energy requirements and bring it back in terms of energy to that of a younger adult so that is the brain energy gap the young person doesn't have a brain energy gap but as we get older we all have a brain energy gap and some of us can fill that gap with ketones if we take a ketogenic product so that's the work we've done with Alzheimer's disease and with mild cognitive impairment we're still at what you would call the proof of principle stage and we're pretty encouraged but we've got a long way to go still one of the things that's important to think about is to come back to this balance and I was about to tell you at the beginning about insulin and I decided to wait until till now because one of the main factors for Alzheimer's disease as we get older is type 2 diabetes and what is type 2 diabetes basically to boil it down it's because we're not very active and it's because insulin is not doing its job very well insulin is trying to get glucose out of the blood but it's not able to because you've eating every day and a fair amount of refined sugar and insulin is trying and trying but it's getting tired and it's not working and it's there and in pancreas is pumping out more but it's not working very well and I mentioned in one of my my conceptual vicious cycle slide that people with insulin resistance have got a problem getting glucose into the brain well the problem with insulin is that it screws up the glucose entry into the brain but it also prevents the ketones from getting into the brain prevents the body the body's fat tissue from releasing the fatty acids that are used to make ketones now you've probably confused medium-chain triglyceride that you take as a supplement is going to make ketones and insulins not involved but if you fast or if you're on a ketogenic diet the ketones are coming from your fat stores and insulin is blocking that so basically insulin puts the brain in double jeopardy because it's two main fuels are now not getting in properly well insulin resistance is not just something that happens in older people here's an example of young women 24 years old with a form of insulin resistance due to polycystic ovary syndrome they're 24 years old and these patterns of color here are the areas where the brain is not using glucose properly one of them is this big red area which is the frontal cortex where they have at least a 10% deficit the green and blue are the temporal and parietal cortex parts of them where there's about a 10% deficit as well this is strikingly like what you see in someone 65 years old but they're 24 years old and so insulin resistance is not just a function of aging it's affecting the way in the brain is using fuel independently of age so we've got to try and reduce in some resistance if you think prevention you've got to take care of insulin resistance you've got to make insulin work better and one of the approaches that I think was successful in this regard is the kivi belt oh study that I referred to the title in the paper was a two year multi domain intervention of diet exercise cognitive training and vascular risk monitoring versus control to prevent cognitive decline in at-risk elderly people a randomized control trial so they're at risk but they don't have Alzheimer's disease it's a randomized control trial how do you randomize and what you can randomize but how do you control for diet exercise cognitive training and vascular risk reduction that's a big challenge but it can be done they give them standard of care which is try to eat a better diet versus this is exactly what you should do because telling someone to eat a better diet is gonna go in one ear and out the other if they're in a randomized control trial well you don't want them eating a much better diet because then they're gonna be doing like the active group but this is a very challenging project they had 1,200 people complete this trial 600 on the active arm and 600 on the inactive Ironman just to remind you of what these interventions were physical activity three times a week the cardio badet metabolic risk reduction is basically get the insulin down the cognitive and social stimulation was done together so people were learning how to use computers and people were doing things together socially but cognitively as well playing bridge for instance is Co social and it's cognitive at the same time better nutrition was personalized they made measurements of the vitamin status the omega-3 status and they said well this person needs more omega-3 they get a supplement this person doesn't they don't need to this is a complex approach it worked actually the placebo group improved somewhat but the active group improved even more so this showed 91% of the people that started this study completed it and it's a two-year intervention most of the time the the the the gurus in the field said ah prevention doesn't work and even if it does nobody's gonna do it well that's not true because this shows that it can be done and what we want to do in Sherbrooke is add this red bar at the bottom which you can hardly see but to add a ketogenic supplement because the one thing I think they didn't do is provide a better supply of brain fuel you can reduce insulin resistance which is a great thing to do but that doesn't get more glucose into the brain that problem doesn't seem to go away and the only way I think we're going to get more fuel into people is to get more ketones in and we're gonna call it keto finger we just need 10 million dollars but apart from that we're ready to go where is that we're at the starting line ready to go and you know the neat thing I didn't mention it but the neat thing about physical activity we've done a study of the brain ketone and glucose uptake physical activity in Alzheimer's disease increases brain ketone uptake so if we give them a little MCT or some other ketogenic supplement plus the exercise we have a better chance of getting the ketones in that we will with either one alone and that's part of the recipe this is an essential recipe to to improve your chances of staying cognitively healthy longer in life so I will finish by saying thank you and as the British say if you've been on the London subway the tube mind the gap thank you how do we do Thank You Steven we have time about 15 minutes for some questions so Christy's got a mic back there wait for the mic please dr. Canaan my wife was diagnosed 10 years ago with mild cognitive impairment two years later that diagnosis was upgraded to a D her neurologist or her own access product which as long as it was available seemed to work quite well but six months ago at the trial failed and it's not been available since then we've been using ketone salts started that thirty thirteen grams today we've upgraded it to twenty-six along with four tablespoons of a day of coconut oil and that seems to really be doing the trick if there's something more we should add tell me about it please well congratulations first of all because that sounds like you sounds like you're helping to slow down the progression which is all I was asking in my title is can we slow it down I think you've given us an example that maybe we can I would encourage you ma'am to try and do a little exercise I'm sure you're thinking about that I think it's going to help make those ketones whatever dose you can take it's going to make it more effective try and stay in your social clubs your social activities as much as possible gets that stimulation get the brain cells talking to each other and good luck I don't know who's one of the things I've been looking into is certain things related to anti-aging and as well as good health and one of the things I've read about is the drug metformin which people with pre-diabetes are taking and also it appears that people who do have diabetes that take it may live longer than people who don't take the drug so I'm curious about alternate ways of solving the ad I think you're it's a great idea because what metformin is helping do is make insulin function better helping get rid of some of the glucose that's present if you do a search have you heard of PubMed you know that this is the way people look for scientific articles I was a little alarmed when I looked at when I did a search on Alzheimer's disease in metformin there are some positive results but they're not all positive so I'm not here to be alarmist but I'm not sure that metformin is part of the solution there may be some pharmaceuticals that are going to be helpful and I'm don't want to worry you but I I think you need to talk it through with your physician I'm not here to give personal advice for sure maybe metformin is part of the solution in your case and but maybe not it's something we need to find out I think if you can use exercise it's gonna it's gonna help regularize insulin as well and that's what what we should do as much as possible a few years ago my MC sponsored a talk by dr. Newport I think her name was and she reported on a study she had done it's anecdotal at Vaska she only had one patient and that was her husband and the she started him on some serious doses of medium chain triglycerides with remarkable results and I was just wondering if you know who she is or know of her study and what the update on her husband's status is well I do know marry know Newports moderately well and I'm quite familiar with her the case of her husband and I say it's it's a case report she had a combination at various times of coconut oil or plus or minus in MCT with the ketone ester that was developed by Bud Veatch at the NIH and there was phases when he was on a drug treatment that was under development at the time so I'm not sure what to make of it was coconut oil actually beneficial if coconut oil is beneficial in Alzheimer's disease and I'm not saying it isn't yeah I think each person is going to find out nobody's done a controlled clinical trial so we don't know what we do know is that coconut oil does not change your ketone levels I'm going to repeat that because I'm sure it's gonna surprise some of you but in our experience short-term studies ketones do not go up because the active part that makes the ketones is particularly the 8 carbon fatty acid called caprylic acid c8 and there's only about 5% of coconut oil is c8 roughly so there's no way that it's going to be very active in terms of making ketones that doesn't mean it's not doing anything for the brain and so I the jury's out on that is anyone gonna invest in doing a control clinical trial of coconut oil I hope so but that's that's really the issue because these studies are expensive and until we can really assess them with it against the placebo you don't know yeah my question is then what would you recommend for us as a diet or and whether ketones come in a form of some tablets or how do we get it well in terms of your general diet try to reduce the refined sugar as much as you can take the pressure off insulin go out and walk if you don't like walking swim find some way to be active but well that's as far as trying to keep insulin happy because you're trying to reduce your refined sugar if you still insist on having a piece of chocolate cake at supper go and work it off afterwards by taking a walk there are various ketone supplements and assuming that what's on the label is really what's in them and that's not always the case then gram for gram they're probably pretty similar broadly speaking so if you prefer to take a salt in a packet and put it in your coffee that's fine if you prefer to have it in a liquid in a milkshake and you don't what you want something that's cheaper then you can take an MCT if it's got c8 in it it's going to be ketogenic there are some c8 products out there sorry I I don't know who has the mic but I got a blip from a friend of mine when she found out I was coming here today and she said that on the news the Cleveland Clinic is working on a drug that may reverse Alzheimer's and that it's been successful in animal trials have you heard anything about that No you know there's lots of people working on on animal studies of Alzheimer's disease and there's been a lot of success stories in animal studies of Alzheimer's disease unfortunately almost none of them translate to humans so it's a wait-and-see maybe they've onto the real thing but I don't I don't know what the context is anyway have you come across data on cell cultures here we go looking at neuronal cell cultures exposed to kittens versus other media cultures to see if it improves or Bible or if we prove longevity of those cells or that studies been done we certainly don't do them I don't have the technology to do it I perhaps someone Tom do you know the answer yeah maybe you could take the mic so your question was if ketones are neuroprotective yes under conditions especially where there's glucose deprivation the administration are adding ketones to a petri dish with cultured neurons will save will have a very nerve protective in that context and regeneration too recently we've shown some studies where there's an enhancement of regeneration which is the neural sprouting and the axons actually growing out of neurons my question is what do you look for in a supplement that you know shows that it's a quality supplement and huh that's a challenge because there are fraudulent products out there and even if the company genuinely believes that that what's in the bottle is what's on the label they may not always be right so what do you look for I mean you can pay I'm sure some independent laboratory to do the analysis but in the end some supplements are not going to contain the active ingredients that you're hoping are there or in the amounts that they claim and and that's that's the state of the art don't put all your energy and money into supplements you can walk the cognitive stimulation improve the diet as well it's not a way it's there's no miracles in this business so there's no single supplement or even a whole pile of supplements that are going to be the solution by themselves in a planned diet that we subscribe to it is considerably inclusive of fruit now does fruit in the sense of production of glucose or sugar or whatever is is fruit within the refined category or is it detrimental by having a diet of fruit well fruit kind of sits on the fence and I mean there's nothing wrong with eating an apple or a banana or as much as you want of them but if the fruit comes in a can or you know it's in some way modified chances are there's additional liquid or fructose around as well so you got to use your best judgment and eat some fruit okay if it's just right but you don't you need to eat fruit for the vitamins for instance or the minerals you ketogenic diet has very little fruit in it and you can get the vitamins and minerals particularly from from vegetables leafy vegetables in focus so if your goal is to get the vitamin content you can do it out the fruit if you like the fruit if you like blueberries I mean go for it thank you okay are there any negative effects of taking a tablespoon of MCT oil every day most people are not sensitive enough to have a negative effect from a tablespoon which was the unit you gave me you don't want to take this much MCT at one shot right you can work up to 50 or 60 grams so that had 60 grams would be about 2 tablespoons starts start slowly find out if your stomach is actually quite sensitive you some people are less sensitive than others so there can be side effects but you can dilute the MCT you can take it twice or three times a day you don't have to take it all at once in fact it's better even if you had no side effects it's better if you spread it out because it allows the ketone levels to last longer in the blood and that's what you're after there's no there's no danger apart from the risk of diarrhea from a large dose some people are constipated and actually look forward to okay do you want to have be ketogenic enough to have ketones in your urine to do this like on the Atkins diet so my experience with the ketogenic that measuring ketosis from the ketogenic diet is from from epilepsy and children and it's notoriously useless it's it's not a very good indicator because you urine volume is going to depend on how much you drink and the concentration of the ketones is going to be the opposite of the volume if the volume is big the concentration is going to go down but you might be screening a fair amount of ketones anyway so it might be simpler in some ways to use the urinary sticks but I don't think they're a good indicator that's my experience from the ketogenic diet for children and I probably applies in in adults as well okay we have you really want to know what's going on with your ketones you can do a finger prick measure it's not that expensive sorry we have one last question here since the human brains about 3 pounds plus or minus a pound and we're told four years now avoid fats and we know that the brain atrophies over a as we age what about omega-3 for the brain will that make a difference over time so the what's called the epidemiology which is the way people eat people that eat fish countries where fish is eaten have a lower incidence of Alzheimer's disease Japan Norway Portugal etc countries like you know which that don't eat much fish have a higher incidence that suggests that fish is protective and I don't challenge that association the problem is if if you don't eat fish and I tell you you should eat fish you're not going to that's the first thing and you're going to try and replace it with fish oil which is a seems like a sensible compromise but all the randomised trials with fish oil capsules in Alzheimer's disease and in mild cognitive impairment have not been successful so does that mean there's something in fish that you can't put in it but it isn't in the capsules I'm not sure but that's the state of the art we're trying to boil down food into capsules and and supplements and stuff and maybe that's not the solution of course if you've never eaten fish and you're not going to then you can eat omega-3 fatty acids from algal sources you can eat vegetarian sources of DHA because alpha-linolenic acid from flaxseed oil is the inert in terms of DHA production you're not gonna make any DHA from alpha linolenic acid I guarantee it so and you everything that's leafy and green has got alpha linolenic acid you're gonna get loads of omega-3 but you're not going to get any DHN there's no alpha linolenic acid in the brain so you need the DHA maybe you can convince yourself to start eating fish but right now it's kind of a there's there's no solution I'm and it might depend on the energy status of the brain anyway if there's not enough fuel getting into the brain maybe the DHA is getting there and it can't do what it needs to do because the neurons are not communicating because not enough energy and the reverse could be true we might be able to optimize a ketogenic supplement with DHA it's not out of the question at all but separately the DHA doesn't seem to be very beneficial it doses that you would expect if it was going to work it should work 800 milligrams a day it hasn't worked that's a lot I would like to thank everyone for being here at this lecture please show your appreciation to dr. Canaan

  Top Comments:
  1. @myralhf [4 likes]: I can attest low carb-high good fat works. I had a few episodes of memory issues and transient amnesia. Within the first week of Keto my cognition improved. Watched improvement over 1.5yrs with testing with brain neurologist and psych eval to ensure I was ok and not dementia. I past, and so grateful...walked this path and researched alone. My doc told me there wasn't anything he could do...this attitude in allopathic medicine is so wrong! it was a scary journey alone.
  2. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [3 likes]: We NEED saturated fat ! The low fat avoid fat for health is dead wrong !!
  3. @PaulHigginbothamSr [1 likes]: I just walked my big rottweiler 1 1/2 miles and after listening to this I just took another tablespoon of mct oil. Alzheimers is a horrible disorder. At the pet food store as we were walking out I turned towards the back of the store instead of the front to leave. Something I never would have done ten years ago. So exercising and taking a tablespoon of mct oil seems I am still dropping in performance. I still understand correctly where I need to drive to, and my driving has improved 100% since taking this supplement. I have recently, (past month), also started k2 m7 supplement dropping atorvastatin to try to keep my heart arteries clear. Statins seem to not extend life at all and have bad effects on our brain tissue, never mentioned this to my primary physician since he does not seem to understand insulin resistance in the brain, but seems tied to the standard American Care philosophy. I no longer even believe in the standard American philosophy of cancer genesis,  but the mitochondrial failure that causes cancer and can be reduced by giving the mitochondria enough keytones, especially in the brain.
  4. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [1 likes]: Mct oil has c8 and thats where you get ketones.
  5. @jennygibbons1258 [1 likes]: Ordinary coconut oil works fine and way cheaper than MCT. Not all people can take MCT which makes my skin and throat itchy, histamine hay fever type reaction.
  6. @myralhf [1 likes]: Ketones in the milk? Breast milk or cow's milk?
  7. @fromthepeanutgallery1084 [1 likes]: Good up the the point of the fruit question. "Eat as much as you want?????"  50:20  Fruit is sugar, it raises insulin NO DOUBT ABOUT it.  Major WRONG advice on this point.
  8. @lettyjimenez3442 [1 likes]: I used to work at an Auto Auction. There was many retired truck drivers, retired City employees and retired mailman . I noticed that the elderly retired mailman had very sharp memory regardless of diet
  9. @ChuckMcC [1 likes]: Ketones prevent Alzheimer's...
  10. @labbe52: 💯❤
  11. @Charity-l5g: Ketones are effective against Alzheimer's. But getting "fat adapted" is very difficult. Better just take MCT oil or become an carnivor
  12. @lorri763: Thank you!!!!! I'm a concerned daughter trying to give my mom every bit of ammunition for some improvement!
  13. @rachelwren-vipond6029: great stuff! Just started taking MCT  time will tell. thanks for your work
  14. @dogphlap6749: Thank you Stephen Cunnane.  Lots of stuff to contemplate here.
  15. @johneubank8543: You can't "take a walk" and fix a bad diet. You have to stop eating cake with flour and sugar in it. You have to eat a truly keto-friendly dessert, rarely, instead. Diet is far, far more important than exercise. This guy is great, but his explanation of keto is ... well, other people explain it much better, and seem to grasp it much better.
  16. @daisiesushitam984: [55:00] Fish oils in capsules are rancid and therefore will not impart any benefit.
  17. @stephenstrauhs9664: Coconut oil is good but MCT #8 and #10 are part of Coconut oil & more effective at creating Ketones. I take it in a powdered form & use it as a coffee creamer.
  18. @R.R.Brahma: Is here anybody who reversed dementia with keto diet or fasting?
  19. @1289danman: Does anyone else hear Warren Buffet at 50:10 😂
  20. @nessieness5433: Mary's husband has died.

- Stephen Cunnane - Cognitive improvement with ketones in mild cognitive impairment.: Kind: captions Language: en perfect good so as Victoria said my presentation is going to be on ketones yeah and are the way we've used them in mild cognitive impairment and the relationship that we see between the cognitive Improvement and uh various forms of multimodal Imaging that help dissect some of the mechanisms that are involved these are my disclosures so when we think about dietary interventions some of you have been discussing I'm sure yesterday and later today um the interventions that are classically now known in in the area of cognition and brain aging which is to say the finger study which was a multimodal of course intervention the Mediterranean diet and the mind which is a form of Mediterranean diet intervention and these approaches have a few points in common uh we're trying to raise B vitamins which are important for uh the brain we're trying to increase omega-3 fatty acids and probably in most cases whether it's intentional or or not but in most cases it's to reduce uh the pressure on on glucose metabolism to reduce the dietary carbohydrate and what I want to add to this mixture this morning is that a ketone strategy uh is definitely in my view important to helping meet the brain's energy needs which are pivotal to optimizing cognitive health during aging so it's a combination of improving structural uh elements within the brain but also meeting the uh deteriorating brain energy condition and this is we're taking the approach with ketones to achieve that so when we think about cognitive issues during aging obviously Alzheimer's disease comes to mind and in the area of the conditions that contribute to developing Alzheimer's disease glucose metabolism in the brain is an early it's a significant and it's a well-known problem this has been known for over 40 years now so these are pet scans of fluorodeoxy glucose uptake so glucose metabolism in the brain and they can be used to calculate that the brain is consuming about 100 to 125 grams of glucose per day in Alzheimer's disease these cross-sectional scans show the parietal lobe with the arrows where there's a definite decrease in glucose uptake at the early stage of Alzheimer's disease the first objective stage of Alzheimer's is called mild cognitive impairment and this problem identified by the arrows here the lower color the greenish colors as opposed to the yellow to Orange indicates a problem with glucose uptake on the order of 10 percent so about 10 to 12 grams of glucose per day is not getting into the brain and in Alzheimer's disease this progresses to above 20 percent and when the disease is moderately Advanced can be on the order of 40 and even 50 percent so this is a major problem with brain function and it has been generally considered to be uh a consequence of the disease and I what I'll be showing you today is that this in fact is contributing to it so our view of this contribution of the energy problem is is basically shown in this slide here what I what the focus of the slide is this vicious cycle between the low brain energy status neuropathology deterioration and cell function cognitive decline lower brain uptake and we go in a vicious cycle but this problem is as I said is is generally attributed to neuropathology getting started first then the cognitive decline and low brain energy status and what I would hope this slide will demonstrate to you is that the problem with brain energy intake is actually present in in those people at risk of Alzheimer's disease long long long before the onset of the cognitive issues so precinilin 1 carriers for instance even in their 30s have lower brain glucose uptake um apoe4 carriers in their 30s women with insulin resistance probably men as well but we've identified this in women as young as 25 years old people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease and indeed in the healthy elderly there's all of them have declining brain glucose uptake before the onset of the cognitive decline so this is a this precedes the issues associated with cognitive decline and we think is contributing to it so the question we asked is what about Ketone uptake because ketones are the brain's alternative fuel to glucose just by way of refresher ketones are derived from dietary dietary or stored fatty acids in the case of the project that I'm going to describe to you we use specifically a medium chain triglyceride that is ketogenic not all medium chain triglycerides are ketogenic the ones we use contain C8 and C10 fatty acids which produce acetoacetate which is an equilibrium in the blood with a D beta-hydroxybutyrate one can purchase now on the internet salts of different ketones and Esters of ketones that are usually in the bit hydroxybutyrate form and will equilibrate with acetoacetate and these will in fact produce some acetone as well the role I want to talk to you about today is ketones is fuels but they are also lipid substrates they're signaling molecules and they have epigenetic effects the method that we developed to assess Ketone metabolism in the brain involves using a ketone pet Tracer acetoacetate labeled with C11 carbon 11. this is a short-lived isotope so we do this injection first we do the scan over 30 minutes with blood sampling there's a washout period so that all the residual radioactivity is uh removed from the body over this period of time and then the fdg pet is done afterwards so this is a a two hour sequence which the person is in the same physiological state in the beginning as at the end so these are directly comparable measurements and usually within a day or two often on the same day we do the anatomical uh functional MRI and diffusion MRI foreign so by way of summary of the data that we have on glucose uptake by the Alzheimer brain versus Ketone uptake CMR is the cerebral metabolic rate glue of glucose AC is acetoacetate this is the the value the values are shown here for the uptake of glucose and ketones before giving a ketogenic MCT drink a single drink then after the mixed C8 and C10 or C8 alone and you can see in this circle that instead of having the yellow to orange color for glucose uptake the parietal lobe in these individuals has is in more like a green color showing the deficit in glucose uptake and it doesn't change when you give the kmct whereas when you look at the Ketone uptake the values are lower throughout the brain because ketones are only contributing about three to five percent of brain energy requirements so these values are totally normal that they would be lower but you can see that the ketones are getting into the brain so this area particularly in the parietal lobe which was defective for glucose uptake there's no problem getting ketones into the brain with either of these ketogenic MCT substrates so the cells in this area that we're struggling to metabolize glucose have no problem metabolizing ketones so schematically the way we visualize this issue is that the brain should be like a hybrid car it should be functioning on two different fuels but in Alzheimer's disease the metabolic switch is defective so it should be functioning about 70 to 95 percent on glucose but the problem exists starting at the beginning of Alzheimer's disease with ketones it should normally be about five percent if you if you do intermittent fasting or on on a low carbohydrate intake then the Ketone contribution will be much higher but there's no decrease in brain Ketone uptake and this has been demonstrated not only in the pet studies that I've just shown you but also in in work that I've just reviewed here and don't have time to discuss with arterial venous difference and gene expression studies as well so three different methods confirm the Ketone uptake by the brain the capacity to take them up is normal in Alzheimer's disease so this ability to switch from glucose to ketones is the challenge that we're trying to overcome by way of summary um the study that we did was called the benefit study and what we showed with this randomized controlled trial is that the ketogenic MCT increased blood and brain ketones the uh this randomized control trial used 30 grams per day of ketogenic MCT or a matching Placebo we fed it for six months we had excellent adherence so 79 percent of people completed the trial in both arms excellent safety profile cardio metabolic safety that is and we showed that we could reduce the brain energy deficit the brain glucose deficit by about 40 percent the MCI were heterogeneous so not all had an amnestic problem but some had other cognitive issues I'm not going to show you the details of the demographics but they were well matched this graph is showing that six months after the start of the study the ability to produce ketones in response to a dose of ketogenic MCT was absolutely intact something that was not known at the time so the body can produce ketones from ketogenic MCT without difficulty under these circumstances and this is increasing the Ketone uptake by about twofold which corrects the glucose deficit in the brain by about 40 percent the cognitive outcomes are obviously of interest in this situation and what we're showing here is that five out of five of the cognitive domains were improved here I'm showing three and we'll show in on the following slides the two other cognitive domains as well processing speed and attention so episodic memory which is uh assessed with the free and queue recall test improved by one word um on the ketogenic MCT group this is the the change in words from pre pre to post-test so zero was the value for the placebo no change a one word Improvement out of 16 on the ketogenic MCT verbal fluency actually went down on on the placebo group and uh improved on the ketogenic MCT Group by a difference of three words and the Boston naming test showed no change on Placebo and a 1.3 word increase on the ketogenic MCT this is with people with 43 people in the placebo group and 39 on the active group I point out that this change in free and Q recall has been reported by people uh other people besides us that um an improvement of this sort should be associated with the delay in the onset of Alzheimer's Disease by one to three years so this is definitely something to be followed up in a longer term study critically for understanding what ketones are doing for cognition is the relationship between the change in cognition shown on the y-axis and the change in ketones shown on the x-axis so these data are for plasma ketones which almost any laboratory can measure I also have the data for the brain but won't be showing them but that's more obviously not available to everyone so I I thought what was most useful would be to show the change in plasma ketones because they're tightly correlated with brain levels of ketones as well so the the ketones increase in the ketogenic MCT group they don't change on average in the placebo group and there's a positive straight line relationship with the Improvement in episodic memory executive function and language clearly these are not outstanding correlations but they are present and this is a pre-post difference so it's actually fairly impressive to see and there's also some people on the ketogenic MCT did not show a significant Improvement in in the Ketone levels in the plasma so this level of ketones uh produced by 30 grams per day is is having some benefit in some people but perhaps it will be possible to improve on the ketogenic efficacy of this type of treatment in future turning to the other two cognitive domains what we see uh for one with processing speed is that this is a map of of the tracks the white matter tracks in the brain and the uptake of ketones in them so this has never been shown before but our Imaging colleagues have been able to actually measure the Ketone uptake and the fluorodeoxy glucose uptake in these tracks it's a modest level in this blue-green color in the tracks before giving the ketogenic MCT and afterwards you can see that they light up and the color goes up to to Yellow to Orange especially where the tracks enter the gray matter so this is demonstrating that the white matter tracks are biologically active energetically active and can consume ketones in this situation and when we look at the relationship between the the uptake of ketones in these various tracks and the change in processing speed we can see that there's these bars are showing the correlation coefficient between these two parameters the tracked Ketone uptake versus the processing speed the ability the speed at which people process information and in the overall white matter we see a correlation of better than 0.5 and in some of these tracks it's upwards of 0.6 with the important exception of the posterior cingulate which is clearly an important area in the brain for the progression of cognitive issues towards Alzheimer's disease in which we don't see such a strong correlation at all so these uh air these tracks are mapped in this glass brain and these are areas that are all affected in Alzheimer's disease and we're seeing essentially an improvement in myelin integrity in these tracks by the presence of ketones and it's directly related to the Improvement in processing speed and using functional MRI we've been able to demonstrate that in one of the networks we assessed eight networks including the default mode Network and in only one of them was a significant relationship between functional connectivity and brain Ketone uptake and that was in the dorsal attention Network which is mapped here to this area in red here and and here superimposed on the Ketone uptake in the brain again this is the first time that anyone as far as we know has attempted to relate the functional connectivity in a particular Network to the energy metabolism in that Network and we're seeing here a strong correlation between the functional connectivity in the dorsal attention Network and the uptake of ketones in that same network and when we look at Again The Fifth Dimension of of of cognition the attention and processing speed this is the Z score for tests that involve attention and processing speed and more specifically the TMT or the trail making test both the visual scanning speed and the number sequencing and in all three cases we see a strong positive correlationship with the z-score or a strong negative correlation with the processing speed so time is going down that's an improvement in the in the trail making test in relation to the functional connectivity so there's a relationship between the functional connectivity the Improvement in cognition in in relation to attention and the availability of ketones or the improved energy status of the brain so if we come back to the schematic I was showing you earlier about this vicious cycle just to remind you that the chronic brain energy deficit seems to be fed by a pre-symptomatic glucose problem we don't know yet the relationship with the brain pathology but I'll show you what we have learned uh recently and in the next slide and this is the Vicious Cycle that we envisage that we're trying to break up in terms of neuropathology we've recently had the Zetterberg lab which is one of the key reference labs in the world measure the plasma biomarkers of Alzheimer's disease neuropathology in this study the benefit trial and as you can see quickly there's no change in the phosphatal 231 the phosphatal 181 the beta amyloid 40 or 42 the gliofibrillary acidic protein or the neurofilament light these are the main markers that can be measured in blood there's usually a correlation between the presence of these markers and the progression of the disease and we're seeing that there is no change in the neuropathology by this indirect measure after having given a ketogenic MCT or the placebo in mild cognitive impairment so in this schematic what we're showing with the Ketone treatment is that we're improving brain energy status so we're helping to reduce the impact of brain glucose hyper metabolism on the brain we're in definitely improving functional connectivity and probably white matter Integrity in the brain we don't know whether there's actually been any change in the neuropathology by the indirect measure of plasma that doesn't seem to be the case and we're by this approach uh we're in reducing the impact on the cognitive domain so improved cognitive function and we seem to be reducing therefore the impact on deteriorating brain energy metabolism we don't know yet whether we've actually delayed the progression of the disease it's going to take a longer term trial but it looks like we're inhibiting this vicious cycle so but what is the context then of nutritional ketosis as a lifestyle intervention I mentioned that we've used ketogenic MCT you can also use salts or Esters as different forms of supplements they haven't been shown yet to improve cognition in any type of long-term study in the elderly but this is going to come it's going to take a placebo treatment which at the moment I'm not aware of any placebos for these for these types of supplements I think the Ketone supplements are a contribution I think we can also improve some of the issues associated with metabolic dysregulation by some carbohydrate restriction I'm going to show you on the next slide that this is an approach that I think can be beneficial it's also complementary with exercise which is improving brain derived neural growth factor and is also improving Ketone uptake so these are complementary and there may be other non-pharmacological or pharmacological interventions of which ketones can contribute to improving brain energy status on helpfully hopefully slowing down the progression of this disease so by way of a final data slide and very preliminary data at this point what we're mapping here over 24 hours is bringing is is blood glucose with continuous glucose monitoring and the intervention was a 50 reduction in dietary carbohydrate which improved post-grandial glucose in nursing home residents so this is a captive population that is clearly vulnerable to cognitive issues is presumably consuming a higher glucose than it should they should be and this is a one-week intervention just initially to try and assess feasibility so we didn't change the brain the the breakfast glucose load we did reduce glucose and carbohydrate rather at lunch and we reduced it at supper we didn't change the area under the curve of postprandial glucose at lunch with this reduction carbohydrate but we did reduce the postprandial glucose with a with the reduced carbohydrate at supper so and we also reduce the excursions of glucose all during the night so this is just a one-week intervention it obviously needs to be done over a longer period of time and in more than four people but it is possible to reduce use glucose excursions and improve glucose tolerance in nursing home residents and we're going to try to see whether we can have an impact on cognition over uh in in the in the future so by way of summary what we're talking about here is brain energy rescue with ketones we think it's a key important component of cognitive health during aging I hope I've convinced you that brain glucose deficit is a specific problem related to glucosine is not a global problem of energy metabolism and that it contributes to the risk of Alzheimer's disease and a vicious cycle and that there's normal brain glucose uptake has been demonstrated independently in by three different methods which I haven't had the time to mention but this is now a robust observation ketones can improve cognition and Mild cognitive impairment and in Alzheimer's disease there are multiple studies on this now but most of them are short-term and will need to be extended there may be an indication of an improvement in neuropathology that has been reported two years ago by CSF levels of markers so this needs to be followed up and compared with the plasma values which we don't see any change I think reducing insulin resistance is contributing to bring the problems with brain glucose uptake it's a problem that is independent of age and it is a problem that we absolutely need to address if we want to improve cognitive health during aging so ketones are potentially part of the solution but we need to improve glucose tolerance and perhaps have other interventions as well ultimately larger longer-term rcts are definitely going to be needed so thank you very much and I hope to contribute to the question and answer session at the end of our session thank you and have a good rest of the meeting bye now

- 12 - Dr. Stephen Cunnane - Brain Glucose and Ketone Metabolism in Alzheimer's Disease: Kind: captions Language: en thank skin and good morning everyone it's a great pleasure to be here and I I want to thank the organizers for this invitation and for the for the energy in the in the room and and the progress that we're making this is such an important area and I hope that we can contribute a little this morning Eric and myself to the neurological aspects I've extended the title of my talk from what's in the program to focus on Alzheimer's disease and the implications for treatment we've developed ketone PET imaging and I'm going to tell you a little bit about how we use that to try to establish the potential the therapeutic potential of ketones in this important disease I have some disclosures to mention on the left side as my public and nonprofit funding and you'll notice at the top we were talking about sources of funding some of it's gone from Canada to the US for some of the cancer work well the American Alzheimer Association has supported the trial that I'm going to talk to you about today so it does go both ways and there's some private sector support and following Tim Noakes is experienced that he so eloquently described yesterday I want to mention on the bottom right there that I'm not a physician and I am not providing any medical advice to anyone from this presentation so we were talking a couple of people have referred to Geoff Bullock's Ford and I just wanted to show a picture of it here it's got a bigger reputation than it really is and little do you know that it's actually a Toyota Prius which is dressed up as as a performance car no I'm making allusions to a hybrid cars because I think it's a good analogy for the human brain which is what I want you to think about in terms of its fuel requirements there is an interchange normally between the ketones used by the brain and the glucose used by the brain and this becomes faulty as we get older and I want to tell you a little bit about how we explore that and I want to start with the beginning and the beginning is infant development we've made allusions over the past couple of days to the importance of ketones and starvation which is a secondary benefit of having ketones but in fact the infant brain cannot develop normally without ketones so it's not an alternative fuel it's an essential fuel to supply 20 to 25 percent of the infant's brain energy requirements day-in day-out physiologically it's not a question of caloric restriction or intermittent feeding or whatever you like it's it's a breastfed healthy term infant and part of that ketone supply to the brain is fueling the energy but part second point is supplying carbon to make brain lipids which is in the image there which if any of you do brain imaging you'll realize that's actually a human an adult brain rather that's superimposed on the on a CT of an infant or probably an ultra scan actually and the white part of the image is the white matter and the white matter is made of primarily of lipids that are made from ketones cholesterol long-chain fatty acids the myelin the the sheaths around the axons and the nerves so it's an important anabolic substrate for the developing brain and it's important catabolic or or fuel substrate as well the main source of the carbon to supply the ketones that are constantly coming into the infant during lactation is the medium chain triglycerides that are in milk human milk all mammalian milk that were that we know of contain medium chain fatty acids and in principle mean that the the infants of most are probably all mammals are in fact in mild ketosis during the lactation period the advantage in humans is that some of those medium chain triglycerides end up in in storage fat in the body fat of the infant we are unique as a mammal in having body fat at birth and so this in a way extends the ketogenic state beyond weaning because those MCT can then be used from body fat and I've discussed this in the implications of this for human evolution both in the book that can refer to and in this article in the Journal of human evolution a couple of couple of years ago so I think this the important point I want to make here is that what we're trying to do is recapitulate in the aging brain what the what the newborn brain is used to and thrives on day-in day-out the second I think important point that I want to make is that the fuels that are used by the brain there's two different strategies I notice on my screen that that's partly cut off but I'm glad to see it's not cut off at the top for you so the two strategies are that the glucose gets into the brain because it's pulled into the brain this little stick person is pulling a glucose molecule into the brain which is on the right and that process is a good curse through the glucose transporter and it's driven by a falling glucose in the brain cell that's doing some job communicating with its neighbor so this is a process that's driven by brain activity that's strategy number one it's still supplying most of the of the fuel that the brain is going to use but the alternative strategy is driven by ketones and it's a push strategy so when the ketones go up in the blood on the left they are pushed into the brain and this is the way the brain works all the time if glucose goes down because you've been fasting for 24 hours for argument's sake insulin is down and ketones are being produced and they will go into the brain in relation to the concentration as shown on this slide so this is a compilation of a number of studies which I've compiled in the publication that's noted you'll see on the x-axis the plasma ketones are on a log scale and the fasting indeed goes from the post prandial 2 to 24 hours fasting 40 day fast in which was referred to George Cahill's classic work but there is also a paper published in the Journal of Clinical Investigation on a 60 day fast and obese individuals as well where you got over 10 millimolar beta-hydroxybutyrate in the blood and you're supplying as you can see on the y-axis on the right hand side about 85 to 90 percent of the brain's energy requirements obviously it's an extreme situation a non physiological situation probably ethically impossible to do today all I'm using it for is to make to demonstrate the principle that as ketones become available in the blood under these circumstances they will be used by the brain so there's a linear relationship for over a six hundred fold range at least which is an extraordinary extraordinarily efficient way of providing a backup fuel for the brain the third point I want to make is that glucose is the main fuel of the brain under most circumstances except under extreme fasting but it's not the preferred fuel so there's a difference between the main fuel and the preferred fuel and this is an example of a study that we did with the PET scan I'll show you how we did the pet in a minute but I wanted to set the stage for the Alzheimer studies with these couple of preliminary points so on the x-axis you can see a change in brain ketone uptake caused by the ketogenic diet so these are Delta values they are increasing amounts of brain ketone uptake compared to the pre ketogenic diet stage and on the y-axis is the glucose uptake which goes down in proportion to the increase in gluten ketone supply so glucose uptake is going down when there's sufficient ketones around to go into the brain so this is an inverse relationship and it's why I refer to ketones as being the preferred fuel we're not the first people to have shown this and there's a very useful glucose sparing effect that in fact occurs on the ketogenic diet so the context for this in relation to aging and Alzheimer's disease is show by these two little arrows and if you look at the two scans you can see that the one where the arrows are as basically missing the orange to red color over the ears the parietal lobes this is a classic image of what one sees in Alzheimer's disease and it's been known since the dawn of PET scans in the late 70s the interpretation has almost always been well the brain cells are dying in Alzheimer's disease so they don't need glucose so the glucose uptake goes down and that's a logical interpretation except for for two points that I want to make the first point and it's in this concept that we've developed over the past couple of years along with some other people around the world is that in fact the glucose problem is specific to glucose and it precedes the cognitive deficit in Alzheimer's disease so how do we how do we know that what we're talking about is still the this the definition of the glucose deficit is defined by the PET scans where the color the reddish color is is declining and that's showing lower glucose uptake in in in the brain in the yellow box there are five categories of people with pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism and they're all categories of individuals at risk of Alzheimer's disease who are they older people people with insulin resistance independent of age people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease people with that are a belief for carriers and the priest nil and mutation so those are very different groups of people they've all been identified as having a risk of Alzheimer's an elevated risk of Alzheimer's disease and they all have pre-symptomatic brain glucose hypometabolism so this cannot just be a consequence of the disease they don't yet have the disease they're all cognitively normal they're at risk but they are still cognitively normal when the PET scans have been done I haven't given you the citations I'll be happy to if you look up our work all this work has been referenced and it's been done by by other oops so the way we look at this now is that this latent glucose hypometabolism is in fact helping precipitate the neuropathology associated with Alzheimer's disease deterioration of synapses and deterioration and brain function which is associated with cognitive decline and which is going to push down the glucose metabolism further and is going to create a vicious cycle of brain energy exhaustion and progression of the disease so we could argue about whether the neuropathology comes before the latent glucose hyper metabolism but we have a way of assessing this and saying if there are two fuels that the brain can use what about brain ketone uptake in people at risk with Alzheimer's disease or at risk of Alzheimer's disease if it's the same pattern as it is with glucose and we know the neurons completely screwed up or the astrocyte because it's a different transporter mechanism it's a different access point to the krebs cycle it's a different pathway until you get to the common the common pathway so let's explore bring ketone uptake in these conditions so how do you do that you do what we've called dual tracer quantitative PET imaging and the protocol is shown here we do a PET image with a ketone tracer which is acetoacetate carbon 11 labeled short half-life so we have time to collect the image before the radioactivity is decayed away completely and then you have a washout period and then you do the classical pet FDG scan on the same individual on the same afternoon they're in the same physiological state so the images are quite comparable you can do this qualitatively with that well I think Parker referred to SUV's standardized uptake values it's a relative measure but it's not good enough if you're trying to figure out what the problem with glucose is the extent of the problem what your therapeutic target with ketones is you need to quantify these scans and in order to do that you need blood samples and you also need an mo our image to localize the pet image and get the exact information about what regions are affected and what the extent of the glucose problem is so this is what the scan is you can see the references we've published a few papers now we've studied over 300 people using this methodology and the units are classically known as CMR units cerebral metabolic rate is a quantitative value with micro moles per hundred grams per minute and there are basically two units to this calculation one is an uptake rate constant K which is taken from the PET scan and the other is the plasma ketone value and as many of you know now plasma ketones can vary a lot if you're on a ketogenic diet or if you're on a ketogenic supplement so there's the results become fairly noisy but the uptake rate constant is actually a fairly tight value depending on the conditions so if we look at the people that are of most interest during brain aging and Alzheimer's disease the CTL or cognitively normal healthy older people age matched to the MCI which is mild cognitive impairment and AD Alzheimer's and we've got about 20 people per group in this project and these are the K values this is the capacity of the brain to take up the ketones it's kind of like how many doors are open if someone calls fire here if there's only two doors that open we're gonna back up before we can get through every one through the doorways if four doors open or six doors open that's a larger K value in the analogy of a fire and trying to escape and as you can see here with glucose the capacity of the brain to use glucose is higher in the areas where the red and orange colors are shown on the brain and as you go towards Alzheimer you can see there's a virtual disappearance of the red orange and the green is more predominant so the capacity of the brain to use glucose decreases in Alzheimer's disease and this has been established for many many years if we look at the ketone uptaken exactly the same individuals you can see that the green color in fact the capacity is lower than it is for glucose under the normal circumstances but it if anything actually increases as you get towards Alzheimer's disease there is no loss of the capacity to transport ketones into the brain it's the same cells so they can't be dead because this is an active transport mediated process so this is encouraging us to believe that we could use the normal brain ketone uptake capacity to in fact bypass the glucose deficit and potentially have an impact on cognitive function so the issue then is well that's basil basil uptake rates what about uptake rates when you provide a ketogenic substrate simple way of doing this is with an MC t a medium chain triglyceride we arbitrarily hit on a dose of 30 grams a day we did this over one month and this rather busy looking slide is basically showing you that the plasma values are on the on the x axis and the star and triangle are before they start the treatment so the values are lower around 0.35 point for total ketones when they go on either of these two MC t supplements we basically double the plasma levels and the brain values are shown on the y axis and you can see that we've doubled the brain uptake on the y axis the key values are in the background the dotted line is what the reference value the slope of the line that we would ideally like to see that has been shown in our studies with young healthy adults and basically they're identical statistically identical slopes for the Alzheimer patients if we were to extend these plasma values to much much higher values we might see that the slope of this this line connecting the the blue triangles the green triangles might drift off but it's very close to what it should be so this suggests that the brain can use additional ketones in Alzheimer's disease when you provide them so the important thing then is well what happens to memory and cognition and we've done a study in mild cognitive impairment we call it the benefit trial which was brain energy functional imaging and cognition and the cognitive outcomes are summarized on this slide this study was designed and powered for the metabolic outcomes is the capacity to use ketones normal in mild cognitive impairment and the answer is yes it's the same results as we just as I just showed you for Alzheimer's disease but we still have 19 or 20 people per group and we had a placebo control on this so we have cognitive results and you can see that there are several domains of cognitive function that improve particularly episodic memory but also processing speed and language that do not improve on the placebo so this is encouraging but it's not definitive because the clinical effect with a cognitive outcome would require probably closer to 100 people per group importantly though with the brain ketone pet we can show that there's a statistically significant positive relationship between the plasma levels or the brain ketone uptake and the outcomes on cognitive function this is one example with the with the quite commonly used trail making test within which there was a positive effect in mild cognitive impairment and you can see that there's a linear positive relationship in relation to the brain ketone uptake but it's also clear that the placebo group and the active group are not well separated here at all so the ketone effect of the MCT does not really pull them separate them from the placebo group at 30 grams a day which I don't have on the slide I see but that's that's the dose we use for six months so that's something that we now realize is helping us set a therapeutic target we arbitrarily started with 30 grams a day which was close to the upper tolerable limit we thought with the formulation that we had and we were trying to demonstrate a metabolic effect and we've seen that metabolic effect but now if we expect to see a cognitive effect we're going to have to increase the brain ketones supply a little more still the trend is there and as the yellow box says several other of these correlations were also positive but I don't have time to show them to you so again proof of principle suggests that you can achieve a metabolic rescue of the brain and that the rescue is going to have a functional effect that is gonna correlate with the level of ketones achieved both in the blood and in the brain so we look at this now in terms of the green band in the middle here what is the the energy rescue or the the gap in in in energy supply to the brain that we're trying to fill so let me take you through this the bar on the Left here is the young healthy controls and their energy supply is there in the normal group so they're at a hundred percent and their BRE their brain energy is coming as you can see in the table at the bottom about 95 percent from glucose and about 5% from ketones using the dual tracer ketone pad imaging so that's the young healthy controls older healthy controls we've got about 30 people in that group and you can see that the total height of the bar is lower the ketone contribution is a bit lower it's not that the K value for the ability to take up the ketones goes down but in fact plasma ketones drift downwards as you get older so their contribution to brain energy metabolism goes down but it's glucose that is going down in principle here mostly from 95 percent contribution to about 89 percent but they're all cognitively normal still then you go to MCI which is the middle bar and the the value has gone down a little further so there's a still a significant drop in glucose although the ketone uptake is still the same as it was in the healthy older people then the the second bar from the right is the trial I just mentioned the benefit trial in which the MCI patients were on 30 grams a day of KVM CT and now we've helped to restore them into the closer to the healthy elderly with the ketones which are now contributing twice as much as they were in the healthy elderly but the glucose contribution has not has not been changed by the MCT supplement so this is suggesting to us that if we want to get a more complete reversal of the of the energy deficit we're going to get up meat to get into forty five grams a day roughly speaking and that was going to pit us somewhere between the healthy elderly and the healthy young which seems like a reasonable place to be we might be able to get right up to this 100% value with perhaps with a ketone ester or some other supplement we're still exploring that so this is telling us what our therapeutic target is it's giving us a dose that we should be looking for in order to accomplish this particular goal this is the same slide but it's a little busier now because I've added the Alzheimer's group here so that from the MCI we get a further decline to a value of a deficit of about nineteen percent in early Alzheimer's disease so a person with Alzheimer's diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease day-in day-out is facing a 20% energy deficit in their brain constantly MCT is one way to help correct that as we show you here but you can see that the group next to the Alzheimer group here is an exercise group and in fact exercise helps get glucose in more into the into the brain it also helps get ketones into the brain without a ketogenic supplement at the same time it's helping to increase the K value the number of doors into the brain so exercise is potentially quite complementary with this and we're excited about the potential of that the problem is that it took seven years to get five patients through this protocol so it's it's not easy to get Alzheimer patients to participate in these sorts of projects but the the the proof of a beneficial effect is is there a second Alzheimer group which are basically identical to this one on 30 grams a day is also improving the brain jet energy status but it's not changing glucose so medium chain triglycerides are not affecting glucose exercise is affecting both and I think together we could probably catapult them just over this magical line here so it's kind of exciting to know that we can do some things about the brain energy status in Alzheimer's disease and we need to power studies now for the cognitive outcomes so coming back to that busy slide with the direct line relationship between in normal young adults who have been starved or or not that's the black line that's shown here and what I'm showing next to it is the uptake not of beta-hydroxybutyrate which is the black line but the dotted line which is acetoacetate and I've put the Alzheimer patients on there I've put our healthy older controls on there and I put the ketogenic diet on there and they're all in the same linear relationship so it's very achievable people who are on a ketogenic diet are probably at least at 1 millimolar ketones in the blood and this should be really helping to stave off if you're in a preventive mode but the glucose deficit in the brain but this is what we imagine is probably the target that we're going to need on a day long basis 24 hours very hard to achieve with a with a medium chain triglyceride supplement but much easier to achieve with a ketogenic diet although compliance is tougher in older people so just to show you what a ketogenic diet does to the brain key to an uptake these are the cerebral metabolic rates for a co acetate and the blue color is in people pre ketogenic diet very low key to an uptake for around 5% and that's what you would see if the blue represents quite a low uptake and then everything basically lights up when you're on a ketogenic diet so those of you that are on a ketogenic diet you can see how your brain is it loves loves the ketones and in fact the ketogenic diet is actually increasing the total supply to energy of the brain this is on a normal adult where there's 5% ketones 95% glucose around 100% of two different control groups here for reasons that I don't need to explain that both about a hundred but in fact you can get to 113 percent or so on a ketogenic diet there's more energy getting into your brain on a ketogenic diet than there is on on a typical Western diet so there's not just the therapeutic effect but potentially a cognitive benefit in those that that are not facing aging associated cognitive decline so to summarize I just want to come back to this image and say that those arrows are definitely a consequence of the disease but they're also contributing to the disease they are present the arrows are present before the disease starts and it's a glucose specific problem that brain ketone brain energy rescue by ketones is definitely feasible in mild cognitive impairment it's feasible in Alzheimer's disease what we're trying to do is basically let the brain have the luxury of thriving in a fuel environment that it was that you were born into and the fourth point is that the cognitive benefits still need to be better defined as well as the mechanism mechanism of action we don't know if it's as we alluded to earlier today we don't know if it's just a fuel effect or whether there's some signaling effects whether the some anti-inflammatory effects whether they're even affecting the pathology in the brain in this situation so I want to finish by thanking a terrific group of collaborators and and members of my lab and thank you for your attention [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @KenDBerryMD [4 likes]: Excellent presentation! Brains need ketones
  2. @LuluBowenTarot [1 likes]: I don't know if anyone can answer this question, or can point me in the right direction.  How does one know how much you're raising ketones by fasting, or is it a supplement one can take.  And which is better?
  3. @wisewomanhealingco [1 likes]: It's annoying that he has to do his little 'medical disclaimer' at the beginning of his speech to appease the medical bullies.
  4. @lightnic: nicde
  5. @AlanWil2: Awesome!!!
  6. @AngelaAStantonPhD: Excellent information. Thank you!

- Pondering Ketones, Brain Aging, and Alzheimer’s Disease with Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en this is brain ponderings with mark matson conversations with scientists at the forefront of brain research [Music] so today the returning guest is stephen kunan of the university of sherbrooke up montreal outside montreal and he's as you heard in the last podcast uh some of his early work and still continuing interest is nutrition and brain development and evolution but more recently he's really focused a lot on the other end of life on aging and cognitive cognition during aging and there's quite a bit of evidence that we'll talk about that in the brain during aging nerve cells start having problems using glucose as their energy source but they may still be able to use ketones so this conversation is going to focus a lot on ketones and and the energy provision and metabolism and the mitochondria of nerve cells and why that seems to be so important so stephen why don't you go ahead and uh talk about what led your you know your early interest in evolution kind of led to your interest in fats and ketones i think and what got you interested in aging well thanks mark for uh having the uh and this discussion um as as i mentioned in the previous uh talk my interest in brain develop ketones and brain development led to working in aging because i was offered an opportunity i was offered i was recruited to the university of sherbrooke uh with what's called a canada research chair which is like a national scholarship and the the big advantage of coming to sherbrooke was that we could develop ketone pet imaging sherbert has an excellent imaging center for all the modalities of imaging and they were very enthusiastic about helping us look into ketone metabolism in the brain the context had to shift to aging because they just didn't have the support for pediatric research that would that would have initially interested me but i i figured that the the issues facing the brain during early development and during aging empirically seemed to me to be similar and so and i was aware that there was a problem with glucose metabolism in alzheimer's disease so i said let's let's explore this and let's compare the two main fuels of the brain and it's been a very interesting ride and over the past uh well 20 years next year yeah so we've known for a long time brain cells have trouble using glucose now in alzheimer's and and also in mild cognitive impairment which occurs in unfortunately a lot of people during aging and can cause some problems in their life and that was based on the the pet imaging with radio labeled uh 2-deoxy glucose or or other molecules right and now the question there is in in alzheimer's there's once someone's symptomatic there's some cell death that's occurred you know so you might think well yeah nerve cells have died so you're seeing less accumulation and of the radiolabel glucose in those brain regions because there's fewer cells to accumulate but then you start looking at ketones so i i i there's two there's two aspects to this story you're absolutely right mark and it's it's totally logical if the cells are becoming dysfunctional and dying they're going to use less fuel so the question then became well what happens early in the disease before the symptoms what happens with normal aging for instance cognitively normal people yeah and in fact there's already a literature and we've contributed to it that cognitively normal aging people of 75 years old with a normal cognitive performance score still have about a 10 percent decline in brain glucose uptake typically in the frontal lobe the problem in alzheimer's disease is in the parietal lobe so it's it's not the same region but there's some sort of challenge to glucose utilization in the brain as we get older in the healthiest elderly people we could find but this told us that the glucose problem could not just be a consequence of cell death because at least the degree of cell death was not influencing their cognition in our healthy elderly population and the second question was well what about ketone metabolism ketones can supply the majority of brain fuel under certain circumstances and nothing was known and clearly if the pattern was the same whether in normal aging or in alzheimer's disease as it was for glucose while there would be not much we could do in terms of an alternative fuel to supply the brain and the the really exciting part was that we could not see any evidence for a problem with with a change in ketone metabolism in also in in healthy elderly mci or in even moderately advanced alzheimer's disease we haven't studied the severe cases so there could well be a problem with ketone metabolism in in advanced alzheimer's disease but not in the early stages now there are a lot of changes that are occurring throughout the cells throughout the body and brain during normal aging and one of them is the accumulation of damage to molecules mostly by free radicals and the main source of free radicals in cells including neurons is a mitochondria there's a free radical called superoxide radical that uh when oxygen is used to an electron transport chain process it's a there's a free radical produced and that's normally removed there are enzymes in the in the mitochondria they're called superoxide dismutases there are other antioxidant enzymes in the cells so during aging there may be problems with the mitochondria producing more free radicals there may be problems in ability to remove the free radicals but there's clearly increased accumulation of damage to dna proteins and we did some work a long time ago this in cultured nerve cells and we put them under conditions that have some relevance to aging and alzheimer's disease we can impose an increase in free radical production in the cells various ways including by exposing to this aggregating amyloid beta peptide that accumulates and we found that that um when we expose them to oxidative stress there's imperability for the neurons to take up glucose and it's normally taken into the neurons by a membrane protein called a glucose transporter and so the the function of that glucose transporter seems to be compromised apparently the the function of the and we actually haven't looked at this the function of the transporter that transports the ketones into the cells which is called a monocarboxylic acid transporter mct and a little bit you may talk about a different mct well with that um same acronym is used but you know we're trying we're trying to figure out you know i guess what i'm throwing out there is why glucose and not ketones in terms of is it that are not getting the glucose which seems uh they're not getting the ketones they're not getting into them or are the key are the is the glucose getting into the neurons and somehow not being utilized well you're right of course that mitochondria are the main generator of free radicals and mitochondria are certainly becoming damaged as we get older so the risk of generating more oxidative stress in the brain goes up with age that that i think is incontr incontrovertible glucose i think per mole produces more free radicals than ketones do yeah um so there would be an advantage teleologically to if you had the choice and the brain as you know uh sort of has a metabolic switch which we might talk about and we'll utilize both of these fuels depending on when they're available if the ketones are never available then the brain is forced to use glucose one way it might protect itself is to try to reduce the glucose consumption and and that's going to cost you brain function at some point but it's going to help reduce the the oxidative stress associated with glucose metabolism and damaged so these are these are speculative points of course but even if you are even if the brain is presented with lots of ketones as an alternative it still requires the mitochondria to produce the atp so there's still going to be some oxidative stress that's that's unavoidable it might be less per gram of fuel consumed but it's still going to be present so i guess the question is how how fast can the system cope with these free radicals how much how how easily can it quench these free radicals through super oxide dismutase glutathione peroxidase and on all the others that i don't know honestly a great deal about and and the evidence seems to suggest that the ketones are helping to to support that quenching system perhaps better than glucose perhaps not but their presence doesn't seem to make the problem worse and so um that's that seems to be the difference you still need the mitochondria whichever fuel you use there's another really important aspect that emerged with the ketones which is in contrast to glucose so ketones can be a really good fuel for cells but they also have signaling functions they actually affect the expression of genes they can turn on certain genes which i think is really fascinating uh from a lot of perspectives evolutionarily for example as you know we did a lot of work on fasting effects of fasting on the brain trying to understand what's going on in the nerve cells and um for example you probably know eric burton yes yes he he did a lot of and still doing some work showing that the ketones beta hydroxybutyrate he focused a lot and we have too i guess we should point that out there there are two during fasting uh fats triglycerides triglycerides in in your fat cells are uh released into are actually broken down into smaller fats called fatty acids and those are released into the blood they go into the liver they're actively moved into the liver and they these fatty acids are the precursors to the ketones that are used for energy and the two ketones that are used for energy are the one you've used to make your radio tracer acetoacetate and then beta hydroxybutyrate so both of those can be used as fuels what eric burton showed was that these ketones can affect certain proteins in the nucleus that control gene expression they're called histones and um actually we had a i had a recent podcast with eric nessler on on the regulation of gene expression by these molecules are called chromatin and these histones and so on then picking up on eric's work who hadn't done much work in the brain since we're working on the brain we focused on neurons and we found that beta-hydroxybutyrate stimulates the production of a nerve cell growth factor called bdnf brain derived neurotrophic factor and so that's very interesting the glucose as far as i know there's no such signaling functions for you know so in addition to the being really good source of energy generating fewer free radicals with ketones compared to glucose the ketones have these additional functions that i think have something to do with evolution that the ketones are up in a kind of survival life or death situation where an animal hasn't been able to obtain food and you know their energy reserves are getting lower their brain has to be working well and probably somewhere in evolution this of course by random mutation you have something some mutation that made the protein be affected by ketones and then the signaling so i think that's kind of a fascinating aspect of the ketones as well absolutely if anything glucose has a destructive effect on proteins because by by glycosylation glycated uh hemoglobin for instance is is a signal of a serious problem with insulin regulation so yeah it does attach to proteins but not necessarily for a beneficial outcome um and i think that you you allude to an aspect of ketones that that goes beyond the fuel use for sure um goes beyond their effect in the immune system which might be helping to control uh the free radicals the inflammasome and that sort of area and alludes to something that's probably important during early development and and comes back to haunt us during aging if we if we don't have the supply of ketones which is this regulation of gene expression which i'm sure is important part of their role during early brain development and getting sort of in the infant brain on the right track in the first couple years of life and so in some ways what we're trying to do with ketones as therapeutics uh in aging is to try to mimic the the conditions that were present during early development and hopefully we're seeing some beneficial outcomes so i think there's all of those elements come together it's not just a simple question of fuel uh i guess it's been a couple years ago now you were the lead author and and kind of organized this review article for one of the nature journals on brain energy rescue can you take some time to kind of give the highlights of of that there's a lot of information in there but can you try to distill it down kind of the key points why it's not just alzheimer's disease it turns out this energy failure or problems with neurons getting enough energy applies to other neurological disorders absolutely so it's a broad field and there's about 26 authors of whom i think you're also one of the mark so this was a gathering of people in one place at a small meeting for two days um and and it covered a lot of ground those 26 authors all contributed to the paper so i don't have all the details at my fingertips um but but the point was uh to what extent uh do we see an issue with energy metabolism during brain aging that contributes to neurodegenerative disorders of various sorts i think in alzheimer's disease we've certainly made some progress in that area and others have confirmed the sort of results that we've seen with pet imaging by the way and with gene expression analysis showing that there's a problem with glucose metabolism in in as alzheimer's disease gets started but there seems to be much less of a problem with ketone metabolism and essentially the same idea applies in parkinson's disease and hunting disease huntington and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis with the exception that there's essentially to my knowledge no no studies of brain keto metabolism in those disorders yet so people have established problems with glucose metabolism with pet imaging um and they've made some attempts to develop clinical trials some of which have been open trials of shorter or longer duration some of which are pilot trials they've been published but you know there's some with a ketogenic diet some of the ketogenic supplements some in in the animal models there's a lot of animal models of these disorders uh and so the momentum suggests to us at least those that were authors on this paper that there's more work that can be done and this is an encouraging field that that is going to develop and but it still requires a lot of work yeah it's going to require some pet imaging that gets established elsewhere we're in a small city here in sherbrooke and and we certainly even if we had limitless budget we wouldn't be able to do a lot of work on these other disorders as well so other people hopefully will set this technique up the animal models are interesting but as uh it's it's often hard to get translation from uh animal models to human disease so the clinical trials are important and and these disorders um being cognitive having a cognitive and behavioral component most of them um there's a subjective element to evaluating the degree of the disease has advanced and the importance of that is that in order to test whether something is working the patient needs to be blinded the tester needs to be blinded and it implies having a placebo as well and placebo effects are important i was just met with someone a couple of days ago who's got parkinson's disease and it's the disease with in which he claims at least that the placebo effect is the strongest so that's an obvious question of how do you overcome a strong placebo effect i'm pleased that there there's things that you can suggest to someone with parkinson's that will help elevate their mood and perhaps calm their symptoms for some period of time but in the end the credibility of research in this field or with any therapeutic in these disorders is going to depend on having access to good placebos and controlled trials and and that is something that i hope will develop over the next decade or so and they have biomarkers which in theory you know the the pet imaging with uh that you're doing could be used as a biomarker that you would intuitively think would be less subject to a placebo okay absolutely yeah and it's a technique for the glucose for the for the fluorodeoxyglucose trace for the pet pet centers all across the world there's there's thousands of those images being acquired every day so that's part of it establishing where in fact is the problem in amiotrophic lateral sclerosis for instance can we pinpoint it can we assess its magnitude because 98 of of pet imaging today is done with an analysis that is called statistical parametric mapping which means you get a a color difference let's say this area is affected instead of being the orange to red color with the with the glucose really lighting up it's yellow or or maybe green so you can visually see that pattern extremely easily the question is what is the magnitude of that problem statistically it's clearly present and but without getting blood samples to evaluate the actual uptake of the tracer it's very difficult to know whether that's a five percent difference a ten percent difference a twenty percent difference so what is what amount of material are we going to need to compensate for that low glucose we now know what that number is in alzheimer's in fact we've known about it for some time because originally pet imaging was always done in a sort of quantitative way until the um the uh the software was developed to make it a little simpler but it made it a relative measure instead of an absolute measure we didn't need the blood samples which was easier on the patients and easier on the clinicians working with them but in the end we lose that critical piece of information yeah so we need to keep in mind that that's part of of solving the problem is figuring out the amplitude of it the magnitude of the problem and and having the placebo for the clinical studies uh like like we've been able to do but it's gonna come i think that there's so much momentum there's so much enthusiasm there's products available now that five years ago didn't exist so i think the opportunity is there and and we need to seize it yeah and i agree the the other like parkinson's disease for example which is the second most common neurodegenerative disorder there's actually kind of very compelling evidence that there's mitochondrial problems in parkinson's and that's because genes have been identified in which mutations cause early onset inherited parkinson's disease and all of those it turns out essentially all of the now there's more than i don't know there's seven or eight genes they all have something to do with mitochondria and or the removal of dysfunctional mitochondria that the process called mitophagy where the cell recognizes that this mitochondria isn't working well it's generating a lot of free radicals and this cell this moves that dysfunctional mitochondria to uh essentially an acid bath called the lysosome in a process called autophagy boy i i would expect that uh yeah that should be the next yeah i don't know who who's going to do it with the with the ketones and glucose except for you nobody else is doing this right well we're doing a pilot trial actually right now in parkinson's patients we've got three people enrolled and it's to look at a ketone salt with exercise during a two-month intervention can we in fact change the symptoms and can we see whether the combination of exercise with the ketone supplement increases the availability of ketones to the brain because exercise alone increases ketone transport into the brain in alzheimer's disease i presume it's we're going to see the same thing in parkinson's but perhaps not that's why we're doing it so yes we are looking at it but it's a it's only a pilot trial it won't show anything convincing about the the clinical symptoms but you know it's leading in the right direction i think the question of the mitochondria and the replacement of mitochondria i mean it's it's a very interesting process because they're produced in the cell body but they have to go all the way down to the other end of the cell to the business end where the synapses are talking to each other and generating this chemical bridge between between the synapses on on the cell sending the message and the cell receiving it that's where the mitochondria are dense that's where they're getting destroyed they have to be shipped back to get rid of them and the new ones have to be shipped down so the the what's called the axonal integrity the myelin integrity is is a critical function i think of of that processing of mitochondria and we've seen on imaging that the the myelin is actually more has a higher integrity seems to be more intact which i've no doubt has some role to play in the process of having better cognition in mci and probably related to generating more effective destroying the mitochondria that are failing more more quickly and and getting new ones in to replace them that whole process of mitochondrial biogenesis i i'm speculating is improved because the axons are more functional than they were beforehand there's a lot of evidence that that mitochondrial biogenesis has improved in response to exercise in in muscle cells that's this fully 100 percent established we had some evidence that's also true in neurons in the brain so you said that the exercise increased the ketone movement into the brain is that a sustained effect after the exercise you probably don't like really have a i don't know how long it lasts mark we we have we do the the pet at the beginning of the trial so we know their baseline values they they did the exercise three days a week for uh two months yeah and then we did it sort of they did their last day of exercise today and they had the pet scan today and we see the difference we never expected to see an increase in brain transport so the capacity of the brain to take up the ketones goes up the capacity to take up the glucose doesn't change so there's a net benefit and we were thinking well that would make that would be wonderful to have more supply of of ketones plus better transport should give us a stronger effect uh overall so that's something that's improving i guess the activity of the monocarboxylic acid transporter has increased some something suggests that but if you know pet imaging is indirect it gives you an instant image of what's going on but it doesn't tell you why or how yeah yeah and those the people in this study they were eating diets that had carbs they weren't on ketogenic diets right no they were on a normal diet uh they just had uh in that case it was a medium chain triglyceride supplement that we were providing it was i think it was 20 grams per day okay and can you can you describe the i said go over all the studies you've done so far with the medium chain triglycerides and any other you mentioned the ketone salt go back in time to your your first studies i think was it in people with mild well our first studies were in in healthy elderly the first question i we asked even before the pet imaging was set up was does a person of 70 or 75 years old are they capable of producing ketones normally like a younger adult would because if that capacity is in some way impaired then the rest of it is in some way futile it's it's all very well to show that the brain could potentially use them but if they can't produce enough ketones in response at the time to to mct to medium chain triglyceride then we've got an obstacle in the process of generating ketones that we might get around with intermittent fasting but we'll need a different strategy and the answer is that with with medium chain triglyceride the capacity to produce ketones was was identical that was around the year 2005-6 there were no ketone salts there were no ketone esters and they weren't for another decade or so so uh once we realized that mct were beneficial medium chain triglyceride we started to look at these side effects because they they do cause gastrointestinal discomfort and a dose of 30 or 40 grams at one time in a spoon will often give you diarrhea so the question was how do we mitigate the side effects because that as well is going to be important if you're going to do an extended trial it's not a one day trial where it doesn't really matter in a sense if you've had diarrhea after one day but to keep people on it for for six months you have to avoid those issues so there's a lot of logistical things that don't have much to do with the science of the project but more the the logistics and and the food science how do you make an emulsion of mct we had no real idea we're not food chemists but we played with me with um with skim milk lactose free skim milk which is actually quite a good emulsifier and that became what we used in our first trial which is the only one we've reported so far it was started in 2015 and again i guess the salts might have been coming on the market at that time but there were no placebos which was an issue we knew we had to face um so uh again it's all very well to have a nice supplement but if you don't have a placebo it really is not going to be treated seriously by your peers and the scientific community when you try to report effects on cognition so we uh we worked with an mct and we were able to use sort of a high oleic acid sunflower oil as our placebo control which was not ketogenic didn't have any omega-3 which could be beneficial didn't have any omega-6 which might be seen as as potentially adverse it's a delicate area to get something that's credible couldn't put any glucose in it maltodextrin's a great source of energy but it would probably cause problems and would be seen as stacking the deck against the placebo so you know just finding the right placebo is actually quite challenging and we overcame that and now that the salts are available there's some advantages the issue then became well what about sodium load because sodium is usually one of the main salts even when they're mixed with calcium salts and magnesium sodium is still and our regulatory agency in canada insisted on having very close monitoring of blood pressure and serum electrolytes to be sure that we are not causing any sodium overload which is the case we've had 18 people complete the trial now and nobody's had a change in blood pressure or a change in serum electrolytes we they were told the participants were told to reduce their sodium consumption with you know sodium rich snacks like potato chips so we've had to be careful to make sure that we're not doing anything stupid i guess in the trial and so far so good can you talk about the concentrations of ketones in the blood and someone who's eating carbs someone who's on a ketogenic diet someone who's taking mct someone who's taking ketone salt um i know with fasting and this goes way back to cahill's work 48 hours of fasting the ketones can get up to say two two to five millimolar and and if you're eating carbs the ketones are really low in fact a lot of times hard to detect with the normal ways of of measuring it so i think it's it's kind of impo of interest to know and you've shown that the the amount of ketones in the blood correlates with the amount of ketones used by neurons in the brain or by cells in the brain so that that's the critical point actually and very encouraging because it's the opposite with glucose so the main fuel of the brain is still glucose and it doesn't matter if you've just had a big bowl of ice cream you're not going to get more glucose into the brain as a result that that's because the brain cells determine their glucose uptake by the rate at which they need fuel to replace the atp whereas the opposite as you just mentioned with ketones the ketone uptake into the brain is not dependent on on the utilization of ketones by the brain it's dependent on the on the supply yeah we call it push pull glucose is pulled into the brain ketones are pushed into the brain and teleologically it makes sense if the ketones are the backup fuel once there's not much glucose you want the reaction of the brain to be instantaneous so that it doesn't go into a fuel crisis or an energy crisis and you you collapse you faint so ketones do rise if you f if you fast or or any form of caloric restriction or energy restriction um so the typical diet whatever that is with three meals a day and and 50 to 60 carbohydrates basically means the ketones are suppressed almost all the time except during the night and even then if you have a snack before going to bed the window of opportunity for ketones to rise is very short so the longer the fast during the day the more the ketones will rise uh and as you mentioned george cahill is the first to put ketones on the map in terms of being the replacement brain fuel people knew at that time that there was something replacing the glucose but they didn't know what it was and he did essentially a 40 40 day fast in in obese people that were under medical supervision not only is that not dangerous but the ketones were supplying uh 60 some percent of the brain's energy requirements in those individuals and it was it was a linear relationship with the blood levels there's a number of different ways you can do this obviously a fast even if you're willing to do it for 40 days at some point you need to break your fast so the question becomes what are you going to replace it by and the advantage of the ketogenic diet is that you you you break the fast in terms of eating but you you don't break it in terms of of stimulating insulin with too much glucose the insulin stays down because there's not much carbs coming in at any point and so the ketogenic diet is a way of sustaining ketosis for an extended period of time it's again it's a question of choice you need to adapt your diet to basically eliminate pasta and rice and potatoes and bread and of course refined sugar so uh there are people that do this on a regular basis and have for and they're they're living well as as those that like you i believe uh practice intermittent fasting it becomes a habit it's like running you're a runner you're a swimmer uh or whatever it is and so it's part of your lifestyle and that's a choice and you make it consciously but it's something you need to be disciplined about as well and and do it in a sustained way something like stopping alcohol if you decide that you're not going to drink alcohol you need to stop or you choose to stop it's not something you can tinker with especially if you've been an alcoholic you can't just have one in beer one day so it's the same frame of mind that i'm doing this for my health and my approach is going to be exercise or it's going to be intermittent fasting or it's going to be the ketogenic diet yeah and i know you you exercise regularly um i'm i'm not too bad i'm not a fanatic but i'm i'm relatively active yeah but you don't eat ketogenic diet no but in in the end so why are we doing this anyway it's not because it's a fad uh it's not because i have intractable epilepsy or a brain tumor where getting ketones up and getting glucose down is essential yeah the goal as we get older in the end is to make sure we get enough fuel getting into our brain to to give the brain the opportunity to keep functioning normally yeah and and the key player between the ketones and the glucose is insulin if we can keep insulin happy whatever technique you choose to use then that's ultimately the goal and and insulin resistance is a big part of the problems associated with cognitive decline my insulin sensitivity is excellent so somehow between what i eat and the frequency of meals by the way because more meals um small of small meals have a small effect on insulin you don't get the big rise in insulin if you eat one meal a day because you're practicing intermittent fasting as a for an example then you're going to get quite an insulin surge at the time of that meal if there's carbohydrate in it and my insulin sensitivity is excellent my blood pressure is good so i'm i'm relatively confident that i'm doing something right and i'm not really sure uh which part of the uh is important it is interesting though with intermittent fasting it and it's been shown in people if you adapt them to intermittent fasting over a period of a month or so their insulin sensitivity improves so even though you know they it kind of makes sense you eat a bigger meal you have a bigger incorrect insulin but the key thing is how well are the cells responding to insulin so that they remove the glucose from the blood quickly so i think this this notion that you should try to avoid big rise in insulin i'm not i'm not convinced of that because i think there's a dissociation between insulin sensitivity there's a nice correlation between how many carb how many carbs calories you eat at one time and how much insulin but that makes sense that makes biological sense so well if the meal that you let's say you eat one meal a day or two meals a day if if you're not eating much refined carbohydrate then immediately there's a less demand for insulin anyway yeah so if you're still eating the veggies and some meat or cheese or fish and whatever your choice is but if if the carb load is relatively limited then then the demand for insulin and yeah i totally agree that that the insulin surge will be better controlled so don't make ice cream your one meal a day because even if it's loaded with vitamins it your insulin is is going to suffer by the way in the context of this i i think it's extremely important i've heard this from a number of people who are are serious about their brain metabolism and are serious about their exercise you can't outrun insulin resistance if you're prone to type 2 diabetes as you get so exercise is important but ultimately as we get older some people are more at risk of rising insulin resistance than others and running alone is not a guarantee that you will control that even if you're a marathon runner people like tim knox for instance who is i think one of the the leading exercise physiologists in our of the past 20 years was struck by this and people like jeff bullock we've talked about this as well on several occasions so eventually you've got to limit carbs or do something about carbohydrate load to put less demand on insulin because exercise alone will not solve that problem yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna have to sweat i probably eat too many carbs i they're all complex carbs i don't need any refined sugar well this the slow release is is ultimately the goal as you know a glycemic index and complex carbs if you know uh if there's soluble fiber there that helps slow down the the uptake of the glucose then you're going to slow down the insulin response and and i think it's it's perfectly manageable yeah now go ahead and talk about you talked about just the one study where you're trying to work out how to to have uh in case of the mct may cause some gi problems and you had to figure out how to prepare it so it didn't and so on and but talk about your work you published on mild cognitive impairment and what you're doing in alzheimer's disease now the the project you're talking about started in 2015 with a with funding from the alzheimer's association of the usa and they uh agreed to fund a project which was a randomized control trial so had a placebo and an active mct drink the one i mentioned that we made out of a skim milk was free skin milk emulsion we had enough funding to do 20 people per group in each of those two groups which was sufficient to look at the metabolic issues in the brain it would we would know whether or not to what extent it was a glucose problem to what extent did the it was was there not a ketone problem to what extent did the mct change the the energy what we call the brain energy gap to how much did we fill that gap because we didn't know we knew the gap was about 10 percent lower glucose but uh we didn't know what percent that of that gap would be filled by the 30 grams per day of mct because the mct produced ketones for a couple hours but they go down again so you've got a little surge now you're going to correct your brain energy gap and then until you have the next dose of mct that gap goes back to where it was after the completion of the trial uh the cognitive results were quite encouraging but we knew they weren't convincing at 20 people per group it's hard to be convincing about memory effects about executive function and so on and at that time we had developed a collaboration with nestle nestle health science in switzerland and they said that they would they offered us the uh the budget to double the sample size because we couldn't go back to the alzheimer's association to to get more funding for this so as the trial the first part of the trial was winding down they agreed to fund an extension of it to double the sample size we didn't do any more imaging because some people sort of declined to participate because of the complexity of the imaging and we said well we've got enough data for the imaging anyway what we need is the cognitive results so we continued to make this exactly the same emulsion as we had done before and we got their numbers up to 40 per group or 39 and 44 actually at the end and that showed compared to placebo that we had a distinct effect in three of the five major cognitive domains memory executive function and language we had the pet imaging to show that there was an effect on global brain energy status and that the improvement in those three areas cognitive areas was directly related to the improvement in energy status so we had a chance to show that there's a mechanistic link between that energy gap and reducing that energy gap and the cognitive benefit with the functional imaging and the diffusion imaging that we did as well the beginning and at the end we demonstrated that with diffusion imaging that the white matter was taking up the ketones as well so it's intuitively obvious the neurons would be as well but the myelin the white matter in fact some of the images were actually surprised to learn that this is a metabolic active tissue these these tracks of white matter are are quite metabolically active not as active as gray matter but they are and they can take up ketones very effectively and the studies show that processing speed your ability to to rapidly treat information that you you making decisions you know do i put on the brakes or not right now how fast you react was directly related to the ketone up taking the white matter specifically but we didn't see that relationship with global ketone uptake in the brain but in a white matter yes so that's the fourth domain and the fifth domain is attention and attention was affected by the functional in the in the imaging the in the network that that sort of uh is is responsible for regulating attention which is called the dorsal attention network and the functional activity in the dorsal attention network was linear related to ketone uptake in that network so we're combining three types of imaging to assess elements that you can't necessarily see globally but once you tease it apart the these relationships show up they're masked they don't appear for the white matter or for the functional connectivity uh unless you have ways of probing those parts of of of the brain specifically so we're pretty excited about this and it led to doing a new study with again funding from the alzheimer's association saying okay well that worked really well you've got cognitive improvement in five areas of the cognitive domains but you've only actually corrected the brain energy deficit by 30 to 35 percent which is not bad but if we had a supplement that allowed us to correct it even more would we see a stronger effect on these cognitive domains this is all in mild cognitive impairment in which the problem is actually fairly small that's what we're doing now we've got a placebo for the ketone salt which is about 30 to 40 percent more generates more ketones in the blood thirty to forty percent more ketones in the blood and we're uh repeating that study right now so this the salt is coming from nestle health science and the funding from uh from the alzheimer's association and that project is about almost halfway through now um so we're you know gotta wait till the end to see what the cognitive results are but uh it's late late in next year in 2023 we should have some results the late richard beach drew my uh attention to the you know potential therapeutic effects of elevating ketones and as you know he developed this ketone ester yeah many years ago and did some work in cell culture and animal models suggesting it had beneficial effects on the brain then we clat he had a uh i think he was a postdoc with him came up to my lab and we gave our alzheimer's mice and these are mice that have a accumulation of the amyloid beta peptide this neurofibrillary tangle like tau pathology that accumulates in an age-dependent manner and then they have cognitive problems and we supplemented their food with this ketone ester and then over a period of many months we we looked at their cognition and then we ultimately killed them and looked at their brains but the bottom line was that the ketone ester definitely had beneficial effects and then um of course even you know this story as well as i but he he also collaborated with um karen clark at oxford who's uh focuses on exercise physiology and performance and she found first in in rats and then in elite british cyclists that if they take this uh ketone ester improves their endurance and the the ketone ester increase that apparently can the data increase the the blood ketones up to say five millimolar i don't think that happens with the mct or even the ketone salt is that right um no the doses would would make it uncomfortable for you to get to five millimolar ketones for sure um don't both have been pioneers i've met them both i admire the work they've done and the work you've done with them and in fact it in some ways it breaks the the old adage that the animal models never translate to human uh disease because in fact we're seeing some consistency in some of the the transgenic alzheimer mice compared to what we see clinically which is very encouraging and very rewarding um we were going to do our our current study with the ketone esther in fact but the the stumbling block was that we could not get the placebo and and that was what we were funded to do and that's what i insisted on so it depended on that and and that's part of the dynamics of the field right now that that that's something that is gonna make the clinical studies more credible if if people are able to do the placebo as well but it's commercially it's not an interesting prospect for a small startup company to make a placebo that that no one wants to buy of course so it's it's an investment in research results but the ketone ester is very bitter as well it's an acid right uh well uh yeah i guess that that would make it sour if it was the acid but as the ester is still a very bitter molecule we were we were actually moderately concerned that we might not get people taking it for six months but that's the point now because we haven't been able to work with it so those studies are are interesting and ultimately i think one of these products will end up becoming you know get the magic of being palatable and and having supported results from from clinical studies and and it will become available for this purpose i'm sure in you know soon yeah the key thing is uh for example for just the general public and particularly people as they're getting older you know the the concept of taking a ketone ester or something long-term one key issue is price the commercially available ketone esters it's prohibitive to be taking it every day well it's not commercially viable yet but you know mark looking beyond these sort of products they they they they're going to be beneficial but i think there's a limit there's it's still a concept a little bit in in the heads of some people that it's a magic bullet and if i just take the right supplement budget even if budget's not an issue a taste is not an issue i can protect myself if i take x whether it's a statin or whatever it is it doesn't change the importance of social interactions as we get older it doesn't change the importance of insulin resistance as we get older and exercise forget about your brain in some respects and think about what's going on below your neck and and the health of the body as a whole cardiovascular health your weight your risk of diabetes ketone esters might have some benefits for some fuel management issues but ultimately you you need a a more holistic a more global approach to your health and it these things can be part of the solution but they won't be a solution by themselves yeah so you're i agree with you but that may come to be important in people who are developing mild cognitive impairment or maybe in the early stages of alzheimer's or parkinson's and of course many elderly people have physical problems that you know can really impair their ability to really get good absolutely so yeah yeah and it it's better than nothing you know it's like taking an omega-3 capsule as opposed to eating fish if that's the only way you're going to get it that's it's better than nothing for sure yeah so demetro's kappa giannis who you know he's uh he used to be under me when i was a lab chief at national institute on aging he's a neurologist he is planning a trial at a ketone esther yeah i saw the description of the of it that was published recently so anyway i i need to talk to him now after talking to you about the placebo issue because uh well i think the goal of the project was to i mean please do talk to him if you want to but i think his goal i think was to recruit 25 people per group i might i might have misremembered that and to look at metabolic parameters so it depends on what you want to to show if the primary outcome as we call it in science is metabolic then 25 i mean having a placebo is is optional yeah i think a metabolic outcome is something you can measure with a machine and you can get a hard number and you can say that's what it is and you know what the variability is and you can compare two groups ultimately though if if cognition is a secondary it's probably a secondary outcome and and of course you say well i got nice results on cognition i wish i'd had the placebo group you know it depends on funding it depends on your goals you don't need a placebo for everything but for subjective outcomes behavioral outcomes quality of life outcomes cognitive outcomes a lot of these studies are done with the person you can't be a a participant in these studies without having a partner in your life that lives with you and knows what what you're like so that they can say yes i've noticed a difference in in this sort of uh behavior as part of the quality of life assessment again that's something that's subjective so if both of them know that they're on the active treatment then the impression is that things are going better even if they're not placebo becomes absolutely essential under those circumstances and i want to mention that you mentioned functional magnetic resonance imaging which essentially it's measuring blood flow but it turns out the blood flow is pretty much directly related to the activity state of the neurons so neurons are more active they need more energy and oxygen so there's this mechanism that couples the activity in the neurons to the blood flow to that area right and what it turns out the ketones and early on you mentioned briefly mentioned epilepsy so it's been known for a long time that ketogenic diets can suppress seizures in in people with epilepsy 100 years 100 years so we've done a little bit of work related to that looking at um actually we did several studies first with intermittent fasting we found that and when we adapt mice to intermittent fasting what happens is there's kind of a a quieting of or a better regulation of neural network activity main inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain is called gaba and we found that there's increased gaba activity so it's kind of preventing the excitability from getting out of control and keeping it within normal limits and that's a really important thing i think with regards to alzheimer's there's very compelling evidence now that probably even when people before they are diagnosed with alzheimer's there's neural network hyperexcitability there's neurons that are firing when they shouldn't be patients with alzheimer's disease according to my reading the literature have a 20 anywhere from a 20 to 50-fold increased incidence of seizures compared to age-matched normals there's evidence and we contributed actually quite a bit to this that part of the reason neurons degenerate and die in alzheimer's is there become excited to death that they're being excited excessively when their energy levels are low you know they're having problems in mitochondria and so on like we talked it's well known that neurons can be excited death that can happen in severe epileptic seizures but we think it also occurs more insidiously in alzheimer's so that's one important general mechanism i think whereby the ketones are beneficial in keeping neural network activity with improper limits and preventing this excitotoxic damage to the neurons well you're absolutely right um older people do that that are at risk of who already have alzheimer's have a higher risk as you said of epilepsy there's also cognitive issues associated with epilepsy as well in children or at any age so the two are on some kind of a continuum in terms of hyperexcitability and there are psychiatric symptoms behavioral disinhibition that occurs uh in alzheimer's as well and in other neurodegenerative disorders that suggest that certain pathways are are are too active as well yes hyper excitability is a broad term but it seems to apply to these various conditions and gaba is an important inhibitory neurotransmitter and there are gaba agonists i believe uh that are used as as epilepsy uh disease treatment drugs um levitoracetam i think is one of them whether you can use this as a an off-label uh treatment for for alzheimer's perhaps in combination with ketones and perhaps it is the reason why ketones are beneficial there's ketones don't put directly into as you i'm sure know mark that that the krebs cycle is generating carbons that spin off to these molecules from glucose but ketones cannot produce the carbon that goes off to gaba so if gaba is going up when you're in in some form of ketosis it suggests to me that the ketones are doing something that the glucose could have been doing and it's it's sparing some glucose that can now go through the krebs cycle and make more gaba but but this is an interesting limit it's not just fuel that ketones are helping again as we talked about earlier but rather the right neurotransmitter balance to keep the right excitation inhibition uh equilibrium that's needed for optimal cognitive function there are trials of some gaba receptor agonists in mca mild cognitive impairment i don't know about alzheimer's uh michaela gallagher here at hopkins johns hopkins she collaborated with some clinicians and did like an initial trial and published a paper in mci with rilazola i think which is a gaba agonist uh a receptor antagon agonist i believe real estate no it's not real real azole is a drug used to treat als it i think it's been tested uh i has effects on gaba as far as i know i might be uh no i have effects on excitability it enhances the removal of glutamate okay it enhances the glutamate transport system but it's but it's the same general concept that right something that kind of quiets things down a little you mentioned like alzheimer's patients are often have like irritability anxiety-like behaviors and actually we see this in some of our mouse models and both intermittent fasting and and the ketone ester and we can test their anxiety levels we have uh ways of testing the animal's anxiety um simple way is we just have a a box four walls mice and rats they don't like to be out in open spaces because a hawk might swoop down on them and grab them and fly so that if you have a mouse or red in a box they stay around the edges because they they're they're kind of anxious right there but if you give them the ketone esther or adapt them to intermittent fasting they they spend more time in the middle they're less anxious and more curious get a little reckless in the wild that may not be beneficial but i guess the point is that um elevating ketones in theory should should reduce anxiety levels too and you mentioned the exercise increases the the ketone movement in exercise is a great anti-anxiety and antidepressant and there could be some role for the ketones i mentioned we found that one of the ketones beta hydroxybutyrate increases bdnf bdnf it's well established it mediates the antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive shock the most commonly used antidepressant drugs the serotonin reuptake inhibitors and actually and exercise robustly increases bdnf levels so all this seems kind of be tied together absolutely yeah cell signaling it's fuel replacement it's keeping insulin happy there's uh you know there's a bunch of things coming together the brain wouldn't have evolved coming back to our previous uh conversation um if it depended on sort of one thing for it to evolve and get get larger over the past two million years there's a bunch of things that had to come together and uh ketones i think were part of that process that facilitated especially during early development yeah yeah this is great so right now what what studies are you doing right now so we're completing the ketone salt it's called the break a d trial um so the ketone salt versus placebo um that's ongoing six month study it's going to finish late next year and we've just started a pilot study within parkinson's and in alzheimer patients 10 per group so it's a small number of of participants doing exercise plus the last exercise study we did in alzheimer's disease took us seven years to complete to get 10 people through it so i hope we can do this a little more effectively but it was hard to get full data on on 10 people it was very very slow and we're looking at heart i we decided for just to explore what was going on with the uptake of the ketone tracer pet tracer below the neck and notice that the heart was actively consuming ketones so we're starting exploratory trials to see what are the what's the physiology of this what makes it go up what makes it go down uh in relation to heart function in healthy individuals most of the viewers will will know that people who exercise get aerobic exercise regularly generally have lower resting heart rate and you know low normal blood pressure right and it's well known that the reason is that the exercise enhances the activity of what's called the parasympathetic nervous system which is essentially nerve cells in the brain stem they use a neurotransmitter acetylcholine their axons course through the vagus nerve to the heart and and so when they're active and release acetylcholine onto the heart cells the heart rate slows down and that contrasts with the sympathetic nervous system it speeds it up what speeds it up so we found the same thing uh over time over a period of several weeks will reduce resting heart rate and blood so i think it would be really interesting so you're obviously going to be looking at blood pressure and heart rate another measure kind of on top of that is it's called heart rate variability right heart rate variability is the variability in the time interval between individual beats so for example if your heart rate was 60 beats per minute and mine was 60 beats per minute that doesn't mean there's one beat every second exactly it could be 1.1 0.8 1.2 and it turns out that that high heart rate variability is an indicator of the adaptability of the heart its ability to adapt to stress such as the stress so as soon as you start going upstairs its ability to react and and pump the blood is dependent on its variability so are you going to look at heart rate variability i don't think we are in the first study i mean there's these devices you can wear on your finger now where you can monitor this uh non-invasively uh 24 7 and it's uh it's a great device yeah no it's not not the case yet but we will i'm sure yeah ultimately the brain depends on on on the function of the heart and diabetes is a big risk factor for cardiovascular health but it's also a big risk factor for for brain health and and alzheimer's disease so ultimately the two are tied together and um it would be you know it makes it to us it's logical that we we explore uh something below the neck as well we're starting with the heart yeah i'd just like to mention the study that we started and actually it's dimitrios giannis he's the principal investigator i helped him design the study and we started this five years ago looking at whether intermittent fasting and in this study the intermittent fasting group they had two consecutive days a week they ate only 500 calories so on those two days actually the ketones are up because 500 calories isn't enough to right and so we have that group and then a control group that just gets advice for healthy eating but the key thing is the subjects were between the are between the ages of 55 and 70. they have obesity and they have insulin resistance and so they're randomly assigned to these two groups intermittent fasting and control and then at baseline where he's doing battery of cognitive tests probably a lot of the same ones you do functional mri doing spinal taps on the the subjects that will agree to it which is turns out to be about half of them and his total of 40 subjects he finally got coveted really they put it back two years yeah and um but finally he's got the last subject through so those findings he'll be getting the data together and we'll see what happens so anyway the the reason we did that group people be 55 70 with obesity insulin they're at higher risk for cognitive impairment and alzheimer's than our normal weight people with good blood sugar regulation so we'll we'll see what happens with that well absolutely very interesting because does that does that type of intervention actually impact on cognitive performance and and functional uh imaging results so have you published anything of that yet or or it's all waiting the final to complete i guess well nothing i can say yet right yep there's some i'm smiling so it looks like some encouragement that's great encouragement yeah good for you well we look forward to seeing those results yeah okay but anyway i think this is an exciting time for this kind of research it's moving to humans there's a lot of interest it used to be it was hard to get people interested in this kind of things there aren't any drug companies behind it right so you're not going to get what's maybe actually a good thing drug companies to support the trial which yeah that can actually be a good thing right because there's no potential for influence of companies on the well it's hard to make money i think as there's no no drug involved there's no intellectual property there's no patent with certain exceptions so it's hard to to stimulate interest and in in the alzheimer's field and perhaps in the parkinson's field there's been a perception that everything was dependent on correcting amyloid and i think there's less and less belief in that idea how the biomarkers are still being chased after uh very actively but um time will tell there may be some drugs that treat amyloid that would be more effective if we were taking care of the brain energy problem because ultimately those that approach does something for amyloid load that that's that much is clear and maybe the limit then is well nothing produced more energy in the brain so you didn't solve part of a major part of the problem so we'll see whether there's some way that collaboration to to assess combined interventions like that could could be applied at some point yeah but the failures of the the amyloid antibodies you know i think finally there's a switch now in funding there's a movement of much more funding from the nih particularly national institute on aging other approaches from a clinical perspective so for example intermittent fasting the it wasn't any it was another institute put out a request for applications for clinical studies with intermittent fasting you know so that's unfortunately things evolve very slowly you have to try certain things uh see if they work proof of concept is there the fact that if you are going to do a clinical study and you know you need a placebo there the evidence is we published some evidence showing that that placebo is available if they contact people like nestle health science and perhaps perhaps other companies so the elements are coming together and money is obviously a big factor but it's not the only it's not the only factor the credibility the proof of concept is is starting to get more and more solid with various types of interventions so the coherent thing that brings them all together is is the ketones um and so maybe someone will do an intermittent fasting times keto diet at some point and yeah you know why not great yeah good exciting times it's good to end on a positive note actually most all this is positive absolutely it is uh we've been very fortunate to have those elements come together and to make some progress and i'm thrilled that there are uh others that are running with it now as well and uh our results have been replicated elsewhere which is obviously the thing that scientists appreciate the most and so uh it takes time but uh it's moving forward five years ago you know i we wouldn't have had the same conversation so it's it's good yeah thinking that you know 20 30 years from now people look back on your work as kind of a key thing that that set in motion that a lot of the human studies and this this radio-labeled acetoacetate now the problem with a lot of these radio labeled compounds is they have like rapid decay of the radioactivity which is the case with with ours right so do you know if any uh you're the only place in the world doing that right well we we weren't the first to do it oh the karolinska in sweden uh published two papers with the c11 label beta hydroxybutyrate a guy called gunner blumquist oh but uh they didn't continue in fact i consulted him when we got when i got to sherbrooke about setting it up and he said you know you're too late in the sense that i've just retired and i'm i'm not really going to be able we've disbanded that project in our lab but suzanne kraft is the other person who has done ketone pet she's at wake forest university in winston-salem north carolina yeah and she consulted with us and we got together about the radiochemistry and she she's running it in an nih-funded trial published the synthesis paper and and the preliminary results in neurobiology of aging last essentially showing the same thing as we have so that's two you know with 150 to 200 000 uh a an experienced pet center with radio chemistry on site can set this up which is it's a sum of money but it's not it's not gonna it's not that much compared to setting up any other method it's the same sort of numbers um and you know a year and two hundred thousand dollars and and you're in business it's not difficult radio chemistry um so and the advantage of this short-lived isotope is that you can do the two tracers one after another we couldn't do the ftg first because the radioactivity decays takes too long but we can do the ketone first rapid decay afterwards get the next image from the same person at the same time they're still there in in the at the pet center so physiologically they're in the same state and they're absolutely comparable pet scans uh these this it definitely can be done i don't know whether somebody will end up trying to label uh ketones with a long-lived isotope like like fluorine but there's going to be a lot of validation work to do before that can be done and and you lose the critical advantage of being able to demonstrate that the problem with fdg was present which it confirms that the person's brain is it's functioning as we expected or are not functioning as we expected and and gives you that critical reference if we'd only publish ketone results in alzheimer's disease people would say yeah but maybe they were normal maybe there wasn't a problem with ftg and we know in each one of these cases in 400 scans we've done now yeah that we have both it's good and and maybe just to add one additional point what what in thinking about these data and going back over secondary analysis that we're thinking about doing my assumption had been that since there's a problem with normal aging with glucose mostly in the frontal cortex and a mild problem in mild cognitive impairment with glucose in the same area as in alzheimer's disease i expected naively that all of our mci's were going to have a low a problem with with glucose uptake in the brain i figured it was a sort of a guarantee it's not the case about a third of them have a normal glucose uptake but they're still responding to the ketogenic supplement so it suggests that fuel is a part of the problem but maybe it's mitochondrial biogenesis maybe it's the inflammasome maybe it's those histones we were talking about and bdnf we shouldn't put all our money on one horse we need to explore we need people who can explore these other aspects we've got we've explored one of them but we now realize that it's probably more complex than we thought that's interesting my my father it was an interesting story so unfortunately my mom died at a fairly young age 67 she was a chain smoker and overweight and um had hypertension but anyway she had a lot of arthritis and she was on uh prednisone for a long time for arthritis and anyway she had a knee joint replacement then she got a bacterial infection and sepsis and then died shortly after so my f we're on a farm so then after that and us kids were all gone by then so my father was living alone he was about the same age 70 years old living alone and then when he was in his early 80s it became clear as having cognitive problems on a phone conversation at the beginning he'd ask me a question a minute later he'd ask me the same question he already asked me which is a indicator so we had him see ron peterson at the mayo clinic so i'm from rochester minnesota so our farm was outside of rochester minnesota i actually went to mayo clint mayo high school there's a a high school you know the male clinics in rochester there's also a male high school but anyway so ron peterson was ronald reagan's doctor and i've known him for a long time because he works on mci and alzheimer's and so he diagnosed my father with probable alzheimer's disease and then over the next eight years he kind of progressively declined and his they did mri and his hippocampus this brain region that's critical for learning in memory got smaller and smaller and he passed away at 90 years old and then he was in their alzheimer's research center program so you know he donated his brain donated his brain and they cut it in slices and looked at it and lo and behold he didn't have tremendous amount of amyloid and but he had massive loss of neurons in the hippocampus atrophy yeah atrophy and it turns out about 20 25 of people who are diagnosed with probable alzheimer's disease when they look at autopsy they don't have enough amyloid or tau to meet the kind of it's actually arbitrary threshold yeah threshold for alzheimer's yeah but i think what happened with him was he was alone on the farm and he didn't have any social interactions and he he was retired so he didn't have a lot of cognitive stimulation you know and that probably hastened his decline because there's he probably wasn't out running very often or uh he was walking a lot but that's that might have helped you know it might have pushed things given them a couple more years but you're right i think 20 to 25 percent of people are are amyloid negative and still develop the symptoms and vice versa you and i could have amyloid in the brain right now perhaps alarmingly so but but some of us will resist uh that because of other things that are protecting the brain at the same time so yeah it's it you know it seemed like a good idea at the time i guess we can say about amyloid but so far uh it just hasn't delivered but the probably this brain energy rescue of coach and ketones with the what seems to be beneficial signaling functions of the ketones you got that combination of a good fuel less free radicals kind of neurotrophy should apply to pretty much any uh brain disorder of aging but but as we just said you know amyloid's not a guarantee that you'll get it or won't get it the apoe4 is not a guarantee for or against and and as we just described in our mci participants the low fdg is not guaranteed they've got low fdg either so it's that's not a bulletproof marker it it seems to be relatively good it's led us so far to where we are but um we need to we need to be aware that it's a complex system and there could be people who have got other issues to do with inflammation for instance or that are having an impact and and maybe that normal ftg is in part due to activated microglia which are gobbing up the glucose because they need they're being activated with it or they're stimulating glutamate production or who knows which is contributing to the hyperexcitability yeah and so you know there's limits to what each method can tell us and we need to think about other ways to assess this and and and develop to try and flesh out the whole story well great uh stephen i've again enjoyed talking to you as always uh time went quick we've been talking about almost an hour and a half right it's feels like 10 minutes yeah it feels like i hope i didn't repeat myself too much no no no it was great well um again for the service you're doing mark to have a chance to chat with you about this is wonderful for me and i hope that that your public is is learning something yeah i enjoyed it steven thanks for taking the time bye bye now mark bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardthivierge-z9j [2 likes]: I found out that taking a teaspoon of goat cream is a great way to mitigate the side effects of  30 a 40 ml of MTC oil. 

I also found out another way to mitigate to mitigate the side effects by taking the MTC at night. I used to take MTC when I wake up to pea. I found out that some nights I din't take the tea spoon of goat cream. Now I take 60 ml de MTC with a tablespoon of goat cream before going to bed. I sleep a lot better.

I also found out that when I do intermitent fasting, do a long walk on the beach with 30 ml of MTC oil, this also help to mitigate the side effects,  If on the contrary I walk the same distance on the walking machine inside, I do have diarrhea sometimes. 
 
Six months ago I had all the odds against me. I had a lot of diarrheas and my weight droped from 115 to 103 lbs and a scan showed I had dementia with a lot of athrophy when I came back to Mexico in October. 

I have a digital scale and I check my weight like a woman who wants to loose weight. I began to gain weight early in December as I was able to take more and more MTC. My scale indicated 118 this morning.  

Now my landlord tell me  I cannot go back to Canada.
  2. @marzymarrz5172 [2 likes]: Back in the early days of humans on earth, I'm guessing that there was no sugar so the development of the brains of these people over the course of many years took place with maybe exclusively a ketogenic diet and frequent fasting. Maybe this ketogenic diet was perfect for the development of the brain we have now. I am not a scientist so I'm just wondering. Good video.
  3. @dinadesveaux8748 [1 likes]: Very interesting interview, thanks very much! I lost both my mom and sister to Alzheimer's, so I'm keenly following the research. And although I'm still scoring 30 (Alzheimer test), I have a definite problem with weight & chronic inflammation---this, despite eating well, IF, and exercising regularly. Whatever is underlying my metabolic syndrome (what I call it, not medically diagnosed) is a tough nut to crack, but I plan to keep trying. The alternative simply isn't an option, and besides aspects of my life like exercising at the gym with others is energizing and fun. Onwards!
  4. @eugeniebreida [1 likes]: Lovely returning guest, subject matter and interview.  I always learn plenty on your channel Dr Mark!
  5. @paweostaszewski6252 [1 likes]: Interesting and very useful episode. I've learned so much. Thank you.
  6. @Roberto-cg2gr: Please have research on Glucose to ketone index and reversal of different metabolic diseases, Atherosclerosis, CKD, Retinopathy, Foot Ulcers, stroke etc
  7. @Roberto-cg2gr: Please have a research on students memory, intelligence with keto diet Grade 1 to 12
  8. @tukity: what an amazing video.  learned about the emulsification paper to reduce diarrhea
  9. @philipearnshaw: Fascinating discussion. Thank you both!
  10. @CashMoneyMoore: Thanks for the interview! And thank you for the podcast, excited to dive ib

- Can Ketones Rescue The Brain From Alzheimer’s? | Dr. Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en well with us today I'm very honored uh to present Dr Steven Kain who got his PhD from Mill University in 1980 a post-doctoral research in the UK and Nova Scotia from 1980 to 1986 professor of nutritional Sciences at University of Toronto 1986 to 2003 where he first got interested in in ketones in early brain development he moved to University of sherbrook in 2003 to take a research share position and start Ketone PET Imaging Dr Kain has published over 350 peer-reviewed research articles and five books he was elected to the French national Academy of Medicine in 2009 in October of 2017 he received the chevrol medal from the French society for the study of lipids for his exceptional contributions in the field of Omega fatat metabolism and the role of ketones in optimal brain function during aging his main focus is on understanding how the brain meets its brain energy requirements during aging and in neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer's with collaborators he is now also looking into Ketone metabolism by the heart and kidney so Dr quain so uh so appreciative of you taking the time uh with us uh with our listeners here uh very grateful you're here thanks for coming on and how are you pleasure to join you um I'm fine I we've had a little bit of snow up here in southern Quebec uh last week and the week before and then we had a ton of rain yesterday so I'm pissed off because my skiing is done for uh several weeks but uh well yeah but that that's that's the time of year it is you never know whether the snow will stay or not I I like it but my wife hates it so she's happy yeah yeah well that's important yeah I know it's that time of year I'm I'm not too far from you a little bit further south in Massachusetts and yeah I was pouring cats and dogs yesterday so we got that same same exactly the same system y exactly exactly well you got to tell us uh Dr quain how did you start researching ketones and and their role in brain energetics by accident uh it it it wasn't something I planned uh and sometimes the most interesting research we do or the results we find are things that we we don't anticipate and uh um I was studying omega-3 fatty acid metabolism in in the brain it was something I did during my my uh post doctoral studies I had some techniques that allowed us to uh what they call put put a a stable isotope Tracer so not a radioactive tracer but a stable isotope so no no radioactivity involved whatsoever but uh if the molecule is is labeled with this Tracer you can find out where it goes and we were expecting to see a get changed to B to C in the omega-3 pathway if if people know about that that's to produce Doos exoic acid the omega-3 fatty acid but we found yes that was there was a fair amount of production of this labeled DHA but there was 10 to 20 times more of the carbon from the starting fatty acid in other molecules like cholesterol and palmitic acid and and a saturated f acids in the brain and I was stunned uh because it's it wasn't we weren't looking for it and to cut a long story short we were able to trace that back to the fact that some of the the process uh that how that happens is because there's a fair amount of oxidation not not not stress oxidative stress oxidation but what's called beta oxidation which is using a fatty acid as a fuel and when you break it down during early brain development you end up making ketones and those ketones are used as a fuel but perhaps equally importantly they're also used to make new fats in the brain because the brain makes during early development the brain makes its own cholesterol it makes its own saturated fatty acids it builds its own fat fat structure in the brain and key part of that I learned was via ketones so I was you know totally struck by this and it's either something you forget about and and you turn the page on it and you carry on with what you were doing before but I couldn't keep the lid on that story for very long and I was intrigued and I learned that there was an old history back in the 1950s and 60s of people doing research on this including by by Major Pioneers like Hans Krebs who was responsible for the kreb citric acid cycle which is an absolutely fundamental part of biochemistry and metabolism it was one of his favorite topics so I thought if it's good enough for him it's sure as heck good enough for me as well and then let's just see where this goes and and so that that's how I got started and and I then I wanted to learn more about how they got metabolized and I couldn't really do that in Toronto my personal life uh got me more interested in coming back to Quebec where I had grown up and when I learned that sherbrook had the a marvelous Imaging Center and we're wanted to hire somebody that could eventually start studying Ketone uh Imaging by with PET Imaging facilities I jumped at the opportunity for both personal and professional reasons to to come to sherbrook and uh here we are yeah that's amazing you know what I'm hearing is ketones are core to all of these uh fat Creation in the brain um and they're they're really integral to the the infant brain right the the early childhood development the energy metabolism of of an early child um Ketone so ketogenic therapy some of that old uh research you talked about um ketogenic therapies have been used for infantile seizures right yeah well so that came out in the early 90s it's it's it's a 100y old story but it was mostly kept under wraps and unless you had some interest in seizures uh uh chances are you didn't know about it yeah until Merill stre did a movie um about this called first Do no harm uh around 1992 I don't remember exactly but it it was around about the same time I I stumbled over this story about ketones and brain lipid in in early infant development you're absolutely right that they do play a physiological role in early brain development we can come back to that but these two uh things came together for me and and I learned more or less from that movie and then from the research that led to that movie that yes Ketone ketogenic diet has been used it was ostensibly the only therapeutic application of ketones uh was in infantile seizures um and it was considered a last at first 100 years ago there was no treatment for these seizures at all right so it became the only treatment and it's as soon as drugs were developed uh lithium valproate uh and and a series of other drugs each you know it led to let's try the drugs and when the drugs worked it's obviously a simpler solution to the disease than trying to uh have such a dramatic restriction in carbohydrate intake in a child and and for how long no one knew at the time either so it was always pushed to the back burner as an option and only when the drugs failed would would people come back to it and only in a couple of centers you're not far from from the the the original historically the site where this was most developed which is in Baltimore I guess it's some distance down the road from you but still um that's where the continuity between the 1920s and the 1990s that's about the only place where the the link was held if we' broken that link somewhere I think it would have disappeared so thank goodness to the people John uh John Freeman and and and colleagues um Sam Livingston before him who um who who kept that link alive and for very legitimate reasons the families that benefited from it and the reason that movie was made was because it can have a dramatic beneficial effect um and lead to to a remission of epilepsy totally wow not in everyone but in a high enough percentage that it's a very legitimate um uh approach yeah and and and I think it helps to re literally rewire the brain because the infant brain is still developing and it's still time to let ketones do their job um and you know mother's milk contributes to ketogenesis in the infant because there are medium chain triglycerides in in the milk fat in mother's milk so it's not a coincidence that ketones are important for brain development they're they're furnished they're they're supplied to the infant on on a daily basis for as long as they're on on milk mother's milk yeah that's amazing that's amazing I mean ketones are Central to energy in the brain for an infant and uh there's not enough glucose in getting into the brain of an infant to keep the brain working normally makes total sense so they are an essential fuel we talk about them as an alternate fuel and only when you have a low carbohydrate intake fasting energy restriction blah blah blah that's true in adult but in infants they're an essential fuel yeah so I think that as you as you rightly surmise uh I think it's they're not only important for early brain development but they're probably the reason that we are the smart species amongst the primates and the mammals and so on is because we were able to channel um a source of energy out of ketones and out of the fats to help Supply the enormous energy requirements of the of the the newborn baby of the brain of the newborn baby which takes about 70% of its energy requirements when it's born I think you mentioned you've got children and um you know when they're born they they can't do anything right except make a lot of noise and and make a mess exactly yeah and yet the brain is consuming 70% of its uh of the in's energy requirements and and about a third of that is supplied by ketones yeah in part to help build the connection so that they can be start to coordinate movement and and and so on to learn to speak and to walk and all that stuff wow um so that's the physiology ketones and if we can exploit that um in adults to help correct problems that have developed then so much the better it's a physiological mechanism that we're trying to return to yes yes that's incredible uh wow you come to University of sherbrook and now you've got this brain research team so can you tell us a little bit about that yeah well it's something that developed I came here 21 years ago and um I had enough money um what with the sort of startup funds to hire a postdoc who happened to be a chemist and was able to start making the the Ketone uh Tracer for the Pet Imaging um so the the the team was was an N of one was one person and then you know a student gets involved and you build this but then the students graduate and and the the radio the guy who who started to make the ceto acetate Tracer uh got a full-time job in the Imaging Center so he's still there and we still uh chat but he's no longer part of our team specifically we we pay for his time when he makes the Tracer but we don't pay his salary directly so so the team evolved and you know from one year to the next it's uh um it it's always changing but uh right now there are three people on on my team and we manag the projects that we do um I have to let two people go this summer because uh we didn't have enough projects and we didn't have enough funding to keep them um so but they're good people and they they seem to like working with with me and on this topic uh and I think there's a a strong sense of of of accomplishment uh as well that uh we're pushing back the frontiers of understanding about brain energy metabolism and I think everyone that that works on this is somehow contaminated by our enthusiasm and so much the better yeah I mean it's incredible what you guys are working on um being able to do the research and provide the data for uh ketones as a as a energy substrate um I think especially for anyone that's facing neurodegenerative like a an Alzheimer's diagnosis um anybody who's gone through that with a with a loved one caretaker or someone maybe has already been uh diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment there's the Pet Scan and you know for our listeners uh a pet scan is typically uh something as a diagnostic tool one of the first diagnostic tools to really figure out uh if there's cognitive cognitive decline Alzheimer's disease uh that's been established and you have this uh Ketone pet scan uh that I is first in class so can you talk about the Ketone pet scan and and how this helps uh People Like Us sure so um we didn't uh do we haven't done any of the the typical pet scans of Alzheimer patients we've done quite a few patients uh along the way and most people get scanned for for the garbage proteins in the brain the plaque forming proteins called amalo and there is a pet Tracer for that so if someone listening has uh knows about pet scans in in Alzheimer's these chances are it's to identify the presence of these proteins the plaque the C plaque proteins called beta amid it's not a even if you have the amalo chances are you're going to develop or have already developed Alzheimer's disease but it's not a guarantee and it's not a guarantee that if you don't have the amalo black at a certain level that you won't get Alzheimer's disease either M so I just said let's that's not our topic but I wanted people to understand that if they've heard about pet it's not it's not probably not in relation to the ketones except because of the subject we're talking about right my Approach was is there a problem with getting energy into the brain in Alzheimer's disease the answer we knew before I got to sherbrook and has been studied since the 1980 since the dawn of Pet Imaging and the the molecule that has been most studied is is an analog it's a form of glucose which the brain's main fuel yeah it's called we'll use another acronym but we'll try to limit the number of acronyms we talk about uh so pet is is is an acronym for a type of Imaging called positron emission tomography the acronym for the pet Tracer used to study glucose is called fdg which is fluo deoxy glucose and it's been known since the dawn of PET Imaging that that there's a problem getting glucose or the fdg Tracer into the brain in Alzheimer's dis that's that's an old story yeah that's absolutely non-controversial yep the Assumption was yeah but the brain cells are dying so of course they're going to consume less glucose so the glucose problem is a consequence of the disease well I can accept that if the cells have died they're going to be consuming less glucose that's true that doesn't prove that there isn't a problem with the glucose before the cognitive problems start yeah so was there any evidence in 2003 yes there was older people in general I'm 72 typically I'm going to have lower Rin fdg uptake than you do Eddie if we look statistically at at the situation so older people are more likely to get alzheimer's than younger people and I have already got sort of that um challenge people with a family history of Alzheimer's disease while still having normal cognition in their 60s have got lower brain glucose uptake people that are carriers of ape1 apoe4 pardon me uh have got lower brain glucose in their 30s people with prelin one which is the main uh genetic risk factor have got lower brain glucose uptake before they get the cognitive decline so it can't just be a consequence of the disease and the obvious question for me is okay uh so there's a problem with glucose that predates that's presymptomatic what about ketones there you are at that time when we started in 2003 we didn't know that there were already two papers in the literature that showed that Ketone uptake in the brain was normal in Alzheimer's disease they didn't use PET Imaging to show this but they showed it and we discovered this uh the more we got into it so we set up a protocol in which we did the FD G like everybody else and we did the ketones which no one else was doing and we did them one after the other so that we could say that you know there's no reason why the brain is functioning differently two hours from one scan to the next unless there's a difference in the metabolism of these two fuels which is what turned out to be the case and which is what we published first in 2016 I think yeah at which time we had then learned uh initially to our suag that that people had shown this back in the 1980s in Sweden looking at blood flowing into the brain and blood flowing out of the brain and they say well you know what um there's a problem getting glucose into the brain in Alzheimer's disease but there's no problem getting ketones so I quickly realized the benefit of them having published it meant there was another group that had done this but it was also a totally different method yeah which strengthens the argument that there's something going on this is not just a a feature of Pet Imaging an artifact created by pet Imaging it's something that we see with two different very different methods it's now been confirmed by four other methods as well so I think it's an extremely robust observation and the point is if the brain cells that can't use glucose and it's primarily in this area to start with called the parietal cortex above your ears that's where the problem starts with glucose okay if they're struggling to get glucose but they're metabolizing ketones yeah y all the cells that are going to die can't be dead yet right because it takes an active process to transport ketones just like it takes an active process the cells have to be alive to use ketones yeah so they the ones that aren't using glucose it's because they're not able to get the glucose or they're not able to burn the glucose but it's not because they're dead yeah that's huge so that was an important observation I think and then we said well if we Supply more ketones will they be able to use more ketones because if we can only get a trickle of ketones into the brain normally if you eat a typical Western diet with 60% carbs the brain is only going to be burning two to 3% of its fuel requirements as ketones right so that's pretty low and and if you can't increase that amount then there's not much chance of trying to correct the problem with glucose but that was the that was the goal there's a problem with glucose there doesn't seem to be a problem with ketones if we Supply more ketones will they get into the brain and if so do we reduce what we call that brain energy gap yeah caused by lowb brain glucose yeah um and you know we can discuss that but that was that's that's where those observations back 15 years ago that's where it took us wow that's huge um it is I got to really stress how profound that is from a from a caretaker standpoint you know like going years ago for the fdg pet for my dad uh and that that was the main diagnostic tool that the his first neurologist went ahead and said Hey look it's right here you know you don't see as much glucose uh being burned right here in the frontal cortex um this is Alzheimer's and he told us see these cells are dead and I think a lot of people have heard that and that is um it's sounds like a pretty it's a it's a simple assumption to make if there's no you know no no activity on the scan they're dead what you're saying is they can't be dead because you you've demonstrated that they're uptaking ketones they may not be uptaking glucose because there's a challenge in that but they're uptaking ketones so so it you yeah what you've said is correct but I think there's it's you made it a little too black and white so it will go down okay and I mentioned the parial cortex you me mentioned the frontal cortex but the problem migrates and and starts to Encompass the brain as a whole it doesn't go from black to white over overnight so there's a trend downwards and and I don't know what stage your dad uh and I I'm sorry for for the news about your dad but I don't know what stage in his disease he saw the the the physician and what so how far the ftg had gone from where it let's say it should be at 10 right and if zero is zero so was he at five was he at eight was he at three we don't we don't know so at some point he's going to start losing brain cells in the area that's not consuming glucose that's for sure sure they're not all going to die those cells right uh for for and and so that process is going to go from 10 to 8 to 7 to six and and and so on and he's going to become bedridden uh at maybe at three or two or one sure before getting to zero so at some point the ketones if we studied someone with Advanced Alzheimer's disease I have no doubt that the Ketone uptake would be quite a lot lower if not close to zero as well right but it lags behind and it gives you it buys you time initially those cells are starved of energy yeah and they're doing whatever they can to to grab other sources of of fuel to stay alive right and that's why the brain is shrinking by the way because it's able to it's like if you if you're not if you're physically active if you're in bed for for a month because of of a serious injury or a serious disease you're literally going to shrink you're going to lose muscle mass atrophy yep y even if you're eating as much as as you can you're go the muscle is going to atrophy why well because it's inactive but also because the body needs that fuel to supply energy requirements the brain is the same it atrophies right uh in part to help Supply glucose made from proteins so you can break down the proteins and make glucose and that's helping to meet the energy requirements of those cells in your dad's brain that are starting that are not taking glucose out of the blood the way they should right right so that the process is gradual and and obviously the idea is to try and intercept it at an early enough stage to try and stabilize uh those cells and and and fuel them with ketones which they're perfectly happy to use right right a healthy person that stops eating for a week voluntarily or or or involuntarily the brain will be running a week later about 50 to 60% on ketones yeah so the brain is perfectly happy to use ketones if you supply them that's it that's it wow and that's that was the goal of what we were doing is say to what extent can we achieve that in someone who's now just at the beginning of Alzheimer's called mild cognitive impairment exactly exactly yeah I mean the brain's ability to use ketones I think is something that's been overlooked for many years I think you're work is uh really done a great job highlighting that and providing the data for that and you you talked about aging in general even if you don't have any cognitive decline established or or uh diagnosed Alzheimer's um you've talked about how as The Brain ages it seems to have a little bit more trouble using glucose as a as a fuel substrate is that right yeah it's it's a question of interpretation is it trouble I mean my brain is probably statistically using about 10% less glucose especially in the frontal cortex than yours yeah so is that good news or is that bad news um yes it's less but it's also advantageous to me as as a 70-year-old to have a BMI a body mass index of 2728 statistically uh chances are it's going to preserve my cognition and and my cognitive function of my memory that that's what the literature shows so that's more than your typically a healthy BMI of say 24 25 yeah so we have we can't apply the same standard for BMI to a young person and to an older person yeah uh should we apply the same standard that my brain should be consuming the same number of glucose molecules per day as yours well it's shrunk and like it or not my brain has has has lost probably 12 to 15% of its volume compared to yours so it's consuming less glucose but if my performance on cognitive test is still normal then am I simply being more efficient with the glucose that my brain gets than you than you we we don't know and I'm I'm not being fous in saying that that potentially my brain is more efficient at using glucose but it's something we we're quite judgmental about these numbers yeah and sometimes it we need to be cautious and try and and and explore the extent to which um a difference is not necessarily a problem yeah it but it could be a problem the flip side of the coin is that if I'm getting 10% less glucose and less energy on a chronic basis then then maybe I'm I'm not supporting the cells as well as I should so maybe I should be consuming a bit more ketones how do I do that um and uh is that going to help me resist cognitive decline as as I get older than I already am and uh these are the question this is where the field is at uh wow yeah that's a great frame I mean you're you're right there on the ground it sounds like maybe if I'm hearing you right it's not so much that there's trouble maybe this is maybe this is the way aging should work where you're supplying more ketones as you age uh as opposed to just exclusively glucose kind of like the Western process kind of like kind of like the infant or the child which so are we returning to the way the brain was perfectly happy to develop in our first five years of Our Lives wow so what's stopping my body from Simply supplying more ketones um and and why why wouldn't I do that well I mean I this is your interview so you can take this conversation I think I I know where you're going with this and I think it's a great place to go is that great question what what has prevented or what can prevent that Ketone generation in people I mean it sounds like insulin resistance what do you think well there's I think there's two aspects to it one is is um what we call endogenous Ketone production that's production within the body from sources uh from molecules in the body it's fatty acids it's our body fat stores that are the source of ketones within the body if you don't take them from outside the body then that's how you make if you if you stop eating for instance or or go very low carb and as you said insulin is the gatekeeper to that process will come back to it but as as you and and many of your listeners will know you can also take ketones from that you purchase and that you take by mouth that are preformed as ketones yeah and they're called exogenous ketones because they come from outside the body yep and they that can be medium chain triglyceride as long as it's um got SE and C10 in it we can come back to that distinction which is important MH uh it can be Ketone salts which have been available especially in the US from a number of companies for quite some time they contain a moderate amount of sodium which can be a red flag for some people yeah um they're also a little more expensive than MCTS and there can be Ketone Esters which don't have sodium but are extremely bitter and are extremely um expensive in most cases as well yeah so if we focus on the endogenous side that means you're going to make the ketones from your body what is the the gatekeeper the gatekeeper is insulin yeah now you mentioned insulin resistance a moment ago and that's a condition in which the insulin is not working very well it's not uncommon for people of my age to have mild insulin resistance why because we're more sedentary we still have a sweet tooth and so we're constantly pushing uh um pulling Push Pull consuming um refined carbohydrates yeah and especially if we're in a nursing home or in a retirement home where the meals are supplied the tendency to sort of go to the dessert tray uh in the cafeteria or in the dining room or whatever it is uh that tendency is there and so people as they get older tend to have increasing glucose and less effective insulin or insulin resistance yeah the problem is that it's not the amount of refined sugar you consume that's going to determine how much glucose goes goes into the brain it's the brain that decides and if the brain's got a problem metabolizing glucose it doesn't matter how many donuts you've just eaten it's not going to produce more glucose that gets into the brain and part of that problem is due to insulin not being effective or insulant resistance yeah but the brain ends up in Double Jeopardy in this situ situation because now your insulin is blocking the the release of fatty acids from your body fat stores that are needed to make the ketones yeah so let's look at the at at at at a more positive story so how do you make insulin effective you reduce your carb intake and insulin is then not pushing so hard to get the excess of glucose that's in your system to get into the muscle and get into the heart and get into the kidney and the Brain and everywhere so insulin is happier and it's more effective right so how do you reduce your carbs well you eat less dessert eat less refined sugar less uh soda pop or you try um intermittent fasting yeah or energy restriction you try to reduce the number the amount that you eat per meal and so there are a whole variety of ways in which reducing your total food intake or especially your carbohydrate intake will make insulin more effective yeah and as soon as insulin goes down in fact we we relate insulin and glucose one to one you need insulin to make glucose go in yes that's true but in fact it's the release of fatty acids from your body fat stores that's more sensitive to insulin than the uptake of glucose by the by the cells yeah so when insulin starts to go down the fat cells notice this right away and they release some of their fats and the fats are used by the heart directly not converted to ketones they can be converted to ketones but fats are an important source of fuel for the body directly yeah so insulin goes down fat utilization goes up Ketone production goes up so if you reduce your carbs or your energy intake you're going to reduce the demand for insulin and you're going to get this balance the Seesaw balance between glucose and ketones is going to be more effective than if you are constantly bombarding the body with with carbs yeah yeah and there there are several ways to do it as I mentioned some people will prefer to skip breakfast which is a kind of a prolonged uh short-term fasting Some people prefer to not eat for whole day and then uh eat for three days and then not eat for a day and and there are different uh ways of doing this I I I would not last long on a fasting program like that but I have reduced my carbon intake I have reduced my meal size which is another thing that reduces my insulin requirement yeah so I'm not sure exactly how balanced my ketones and my glucose are in the body but I do know my blood insulins are quite normal you can go to the pharmacy and buy what's called a what we call it colloquially a patch yeah which is for a not not a nicotine patch but a the glucose device uh if you have diabetes chances you you know what I'm talking about but you I think you can probably purchase one at and install it without necessarily needing a prescription from a a physician for diabetes what that does is allow you to monitor depending on the device from seven to 10 days so what is my blood glucose like Anyway most people don't know unless they've had a blood sample or the doctors told them look you're you need to go on a diabetes medication uh most people don't know so uh if you are interested and uh you can you can learn this and it it might cost you 100 it might cost 200 bucks I'm not exactly sure yeah to buy the device and have it uh connect to the app on your phone but you can look at your glucoses and you can learn about what's going on inside your body yeah yeah and you can say okay I'm going to reduce my my my desserts this week yeah you got 10 days while that thing is is is still working afterwards it it it stops working so you can buy another one and do it again if you want to but within 10 days you can plan what am I going to eat during for three days I'm going to eat what I eat normally so I know what that patter is like yep and then I'm going to change something for a week yeah I'm going to see what it does and you you're going to see the response every I think it's every three minutes on the device so you're going to know whether your glucose has gone up after breakfast or hasn't gone up as much because you're not eating cornflakes anymore yeah or something like that um and so you need to learn H you can go out for a walk and see what it does you go out for a run if you like to run go out for a swim or some form of physical phical activity and and and get to know how your body is using these fuels because that's going to teach you about how to adjust your lifestyle and your food intake um in ways that you can imagine doing for a long time yeah hopefully you're gonna get old for a long time and you want to protect your brain for a long time so it's got to be something you're going to do that's going to last potentially for the rest of your life yeah wow that's uh yeah that's that's amazing what I'm hearing is uh there's several ways to to get ketones as a fuel source in the body there's the endogenous where you do some fasting you reduce the carbohydrate intake uh you know a low carbohydrate diet a ketogenic diet classical ketogenic diet and then there's the exogenous route where there's a few different options and you had a really amazing study on this uh on on patients that had already had uh diagnosed mild cognitive impairment which is that stage before most go on to develop Alzheimer's disease can you talk a little bit about that study so the the idea was first of all um I I want to step back for two reasons one is that the funding for the project that you talked about came from the Alzheimer Association of the US yes which made me think that I also uh need to be transparent and say that that I have uh what's what I called conflicts of interest we have private sector money that has has helped pay for some of our work one of our primary uh Partners in this sort of work is Nestle Health Science so big Nestle from with chocolate and and coffee and so on uh is is is a large company and they have a small affiliate of theirs called Nestle health science which is uh directly linked with the work that I'm going to tell you about in mild cognitive impairment so want people to know that that we have that sort of uh partnership with them um so the Alzheimer Association funded the the project that we did on on medium chain triglyceride yeah and the the challenge was we proposed to do this in Alzheimer's disease and we proposed to do it for two months and the goal was simply to say can we correct or partially correct what I called earlier the brain energy gap yeah at the beginning of Alzheimer's disease and and you'll recall that means that there's less glucose getting in than should be and we're not able to produce more ketones because we don't because insulin is not more effective than it was um before you got the the the cognitive decline so there's a difference between what you should be consuming uh the brain should be consuming uh as as a healthy older person than someone who's got mild C of impairment and that's the brain energy gap and they said uh we're going to fund your project but on condition that you switch from Alzheimer's disease to studying mild cognitive impairment because we think it's going to be more beneficial for um for them and I I had to think quickly on my feet during this phone call and I said okay but two months in in M cognitive impairment is we're not going to see a thing in terms of memory uh learning and so on attention and and those things so will you agree to extending the study to six months from two months yeah which I thought was going to be enough for a proof of principle at least they said yes and so that's how we ended up starting MCI another one of these uh almost lucky H lucky chance or circumstances anyway so that was the good news we've got funding to start this project we suddenly realized you know what we know that MCT are beneficial to make ketones but we kind of freaked out because we weren't sure how we were going to feed 75 year olds MCT for six months and what's the placebo going to be yeah oh my God like how do you do this anyway of course we didn't put that in the Grant and nobody asked us to prove how we were going to do this in the ground so we got lucky uh but we had to scramble quickly H and I came up with the solution that if we put medium chain triglyceride if if you don't know is is an oil like like a vegetable oil it's a vegetable oil it's not you can cook with it if you want to you can put it on salad dressings if you want to but we realized that we were going to have to supply around 30 grams per day which is more than you would use uh on a salad or even to fry your eggs for that matter so we said well you know it's a it's it's partially missable in in water so why don't we put it in milk why don't we try and use milk as an Emulsion in fact if you put milk in a in a household blender with like a liter of milk a a pint or so of of milk with with 100 grams of MCT you can make a basically a creamy it makes the milk cre it holds it for a fairly long time and and we thought this is it so now all we need and we tested it and it was ketogenic so we made we made that product we also used what's called holic acid sunflower oil as the placebo because we knew that in the cognitive tests we'd have to have a blinding we the patients or the participants would not be allowed to know what group they were in because it would affect the way they were uh it would make it harder to to be sure that the results were bid yeah so we did a six-month study uh started in 2015 and we recruited people we demonstrated they all had mild cognitive impairment so they all had to do cognitive tests at the start they couldn't be Alzheimer's or they would not be eligible and they couldn't be normal or they wouldn't be eligible we did the pet scans they started their uh they took home 30 bottles 20 one cup bottles small um screw cap bottles yeah in a big uh grocery bag um and came back once a month for a blood tests and a new a new supply of of this drink which we had to have tested for bacterial contamination and all this stuff because you know you have to make it you have to make it safe yeah yeah so we had to learn a lot very quickly about food chemistry and food safety um but uh it worked and some people got stomach cramps some people got diarrhea because MCT if you take too much at a time will will cause stomach upset so we learned to titrate the dose which means to give a small amount to start with and a little more and a little more over a week's time and and most people were able to adapt some people dropped out anyway 30 some percent dropped out but you know 30% will drop out even if you give them a a pill so it's not just the MCT it's that people don't necessarily stay on these projects right and we finished that in 2019 at this point so Nestle wasn't involved at all at the beginning but they they Le learned about it we presented the results at the Alzheimer disease Congress every year uh and they were interested and and they said you know it would be interesting for you to have more people in this study because right now you've shown that you can partially correct the brain so the results of the pet scans showed that we were partially correcting the brain energy gap yeah and we were seeing Improvement in memory learning attention processing speed and language the five major domains of cognition wow but the sample size was small we had 20 people per group and that's not enough to convince anyone that you've done anything really really solid so Nestle said yeah we'll be happy to give you the funding necessary to double the sample size which statistically was enough to know whether memory had been improved or not and we did continue that that study then I said that that was in 2019 but the second part of it finished in 2019 so it was a four-year uh project yeah and uh that led to them um marketing an MCT drink in in Europe which has not gone that well because most neurologist seeing patients with problems with memory don't really consider mild cognitive impairment as a as a real Condition it's kind of oh let's wait and see whether it gets worse because sometimes it can get better and sometimes it can get worse 50% of MCI will convert to alzheimer's diseas in three years yeah yeah but 50% won't yeah so there was that element of risk uh for them and um that that project led to the Publications that I think you're probably aware of forer atal uh some more uh Advanced image analysis that showed us that we were probably improving the way the the nerve cells are connected to each other with an insulated wire basically yeah the wires called the axon yep yep but like in your house or the electric lamp in your living room you need insulation around that wire yeah and that's called myin in our brains and we we don't have direct evidence but we have indirect evidence to suggest that the ketones were helping make the mile in a little more uh uh not watertight but uh to conduct the message more uh reliably yeah which meant that's how processing speed the rapidity of which you can respond to a a challenge or a question um is is dependent on how well the axons are melinated and that seemed that had gone up that went up the most of anything wow and so we think that we weren't just supplying more fuel but maybe helping re rebuild some of the decaying myelination in in the in the in the Brain before people get Alzheimer's disease wow yeah that's incredible um yeah the myelination you guys saw the white matter changes as well right that's right well that's part of the white matter yeah and we saw that as ketones went into the brain which we could see on the on the Ketone pet it was directly related I'm showing a diagonal line but probably reverse on your screen but it's meant to show that as the ketones go up in the blood and the Brain the performance on the cognitive scores was going up as well so this was a direct relationship and it showed that if if you could get a little more ketones in then you had a little bit more benefit wow some people produce more ketones on the same dose of MCT or Ketone salt or or whatever it is than others and it's something we don't understand well yet yeah um but it suggests that you know if you can push the dose a little more or get a more efficient Ketone exogenous Ketone supplement maybe we could make this process more effective wow yeah it's it's incredible I mean it it sounds simplistically like getting more fuel or getting better fuel uh into the brain seem to translate to better cognitive function better cognitive performance even changes in the actual brain uh physically it's just uh it's absolutely amazing uh you know M MCTS you said and it's an extracted vegetable oil they're typically extracted from things like coconut and palm and the MCTS in mother's milk yeah so what we did not expect to be the ca to to be the case is that MCT is a mixture as you said and um technically an MCT has six carbons eight carbons 10 it's all um um even numbers so 6 8 10 12 and 14 coconut oil has a relatively high amount of C12 and c14 and relatively low amounts of C C10 and C8 yeah the mix when you buy an MCT from Costco or wherever you go your health food shop um they may claim to have uh mostly C8 or mostly C10 and that may be the case but uh you have to be aware that there can be um products that do not contain what they say on the label and whether the supplier knows this or not uh I'm not I'm not questioning anyone's Integrity but the fact is that there are products out there whether they're vitamins or other types of natural food products that don't necessarily contain what's on label yeah so and I have no way to to tell you that a certain brand is is guaranteed and so I'm not going to go there but uh assuming assuming that what's on the label is is correct the C8 and the C10 are more ketogenic than the C12 and the c14 okay and if you go shorter C6 and C4 are even more ketogenic than C8 and C10 they're just not available there's no food sources of them and is a good thing because they're extremely horrible to smell and to taste but if you if you if you ever fried anything in butter there's always that nice smell like on croissants or something like that and that is actually due to butyric acid in the milk so at very small concentrations butyric acid smells great and it will produce some ketones in your body at higher concentrations it will produce more and we published on this but we have to put it in these little gel caps uh that were closed because uh it smells terrible so the bottom line is that C8 and C10 are the practical solution to getting more ketones from what's called MCT yeah yeah wow but there's an important caveat and that is that that does that mean the coconut oil's not not worth taking because coconut oil in our experience and I think we're the only people that have directly studied this does produces very little ketones okay okay but I want to be very clear about the fact that that doesn't mean it's not useful yeah because the lauric acid in in in coconut oil is an antimicrobial and as you get older the tendency to have more virus viral infections bacterial infections other bugs in our bodies that we don't want yeah as opposed to the ones that we do want uh goes up and if you take coconut oil you have a better chance of combating them and helping the immune system combat these bug which are part of the challenge for the brain because the glucose that goes into the brain is supposed to be there to make the neurons work and talk to each other yeah but if there's an infection if you've got cytomegalo virus in the brain or herpes simplex virus and I think it's like 20% of older people have a dormant forms of these viruses in their brains apart from covid of course yeah absolutely um the immune system is attracted to the brain and will start taking some of the glucose that is supposed to be going to the neurons in order to fight the contam the the microbes that are there yeah so now the neurons are fighting with the what are called the um the macras is in the brain yeah and the activated microa which are in the brain and they're trying to defend the brain and the neurons trying to make the brain work better and they're both fighting for the same fuel yeah so if you help the the immune system fight the bugs presumably you leave a little bit more glucose and ketones for the neurons to do their job and everybody's happy yeah so the bottom line is I think coconut oil is extremely beneficial for the Aging brain and perhaps for health in general uh but I don't think it's it's making much in the in the way of additional fuel for the brain yeah it may be helping to make the glucose that is available more available and that's a good thing we call it glucose sparing yeah which is beneficial as well so um need to keep a a wider perspective about what what's beneficial and how things work and and whether reducing oxidative stress in the brain and these microbial infections uh is as beneficial as providing more fuel to make neurons talk to each other better yeah yeah absolutely um I think I think Studies have shown how inflammation can make the brain or just the body in general more insulin resistant so anything that can help with that and and lower our inflammation I'm sure is very glucose sparing and and helps that whole energy metabolism balance in the brain to close that Gap as you would say the brain energy gap I had to reach over and look at my my MCT oil and now thank you for bringing that up I'm going to have to have that awareness now when I when I buy some uh because we definitely want to be more on the C C8 and C10 side uh just for the for the energy benefits the the ketogenesis benefits so I I mean I make a mixture at home a mixture um I'll give you the proportions but it contains coconut oil peanut butter and MCT okay um and the proportions are 45451 okay so if you take a jar of coconut oil you you only you want just a little less than half of it y um you warm it up somehow so it's liquid y you mix in peanut butter okay to double the volume and you still got room for about 10% of that to add as MCT right I mix it completely um it it's it will stay liquid at room temperature so you can't spread it and what I like is to be able to spread it on on on typically on toast but I keep it in the fridge and it's still it's like butter it it will still spread quite easily oh nice you get your MCT you get your coconut oil it's it's vegetarian um and it's reasonably tasty uh and simple and um so and you know it's one of those things that I think is potentially beneficial and and the coconut will help even but think you know it's not just the brain it's going to affected by uh by bacterial or viral infections obviously the lungs and the rest of the body as well so you're helping the whole body the brain is the focus of our discussion but um these bugs infect everything of course absolutely wow I like that I'm GNA have to I'm gonna have to take that for a world I like that try it it sounds good um hey did you have any apoe fours in your study yes okay yes we did uh we had about 40 people in each group that completed and I don't remember the exact numbers but approximately 25% of them are carriers of April we4 so that's about 10 per group um and statistically it's not enough to prove anything so we didn't see any influence of whether they were apoe4 carriers or not um compared to those that weren't on terms of memory learning uh other cognitive tests or in terms of brain energy uptake yeah so there's no for us there was no smoking gun in relation to apoe4 okay but I I insist that the sample size is too small and we you know it wouldn't it might not have come out and maybe with twice as many people we would have seen a distinction between them so for the moment um I and and most people don't know whether they're April before or not anyway um and it's not such a strong risk factor that you're in the clear if you don't have it and and you're not in the clear if you do have it y um I I would simply pretend just forget about it yeah you can't change it anyway yeah so um and it's going to be beneficial again to fight bugs by taking MCT and you're going to have a brain energy gap whether you've got ape4 or not um so you're going to get insulin insulin resistance when you're 70 years old if you're sitting in an armchair most of the day so um you might as well do things to protect yourself and may be more beneficial if you carry ae4 uh it may not I'm not able to say for now yeah definitely definitely it sounds like you know what I'm hearing a lot of is being able to bring ketones on board endogenously exogenously to to create that term that the metabolic flexibility that I think a lot of I know a lot of Americans here on this side uh have lost um and I think a good amount of people around the world who have started to eat some of this modern you know processed food um have lost I think a lot of carbohyd a lot of energy intake coming in from from carbohydrates and refined carbohydrates has probably uh brought us farther away from maybe the way we're we're really wired to be bringing onon bringing on glucose there was no packaged Foods uh probably even well maybe 100 years ago there might have been but there was certainly none too 200 years ago yeah yeah and and you know you could argue Three Square meals right I mean that I don't know how old is that 100 years uh I I I the well you know you could say three meals puts a lot of pressure on insulin especially at the end of the day when you tend to eat more like 50% of your calories um my preference is to snack a bit more and keep the insulin down but if you snack more does that mean you eat more uh if you're snacking on junk food that's not going to be advantageous so um people people like to have recipes some people like to have recipes this is the way the doctor told me to do it so this is the way I'm going to do it some people hate to have recipes and they start they start but they never they never continue for very long so they need to do it their way yeah my my perception is do it your way but but understand why you're doing it and then try to adhere to it yeah most people understand it's not advantageous to to smoke and those that stop know they've got to do it for the rest of lives some people don't succeed yeah um and it's the same basic approach do something you can do for the rest of your life sure um in in in the nursing home study or at least retirement home study that we've just published um to come back to that question we didn't go keto you and I are talking a little bit about pushing the the insulin down low enough that basically we're talking about a ketogenic diet or or fairly rigid forms of of intermittent fasting yeah we reduce carbs by 30% % yeah we figured that's about the limit we can get the kitchen to make the adaptation to to doing this and let's just see if that's feasible for two months they wore their glucose patches for two months we increased their ketones by threefold wow their LDL cholesterol went these were 84 year olds by the way wow their ldls went down their triglycerides went down they didn't lose weight wow they didn't gain weight they didn't become hypoglycemic which means low blood sugar because they're eating a little bit less sugar yeah and the punchline is they insisted on having two desserts per day and they got two desserts per day they just weren't big desserts they were small desserts and tasty desserts yeah so you can have your sweet tooth just try to reduce the total size of it enjoy the best quality of sweet Foods if you like chocolate get the best quality chocolate you can afford or ice cream for that matter because you'll enjoy it more it's about taste yeah yeah yeah and maybe a small bowl of ice cream every other day will be just as good as a big bowl of ice cream twice a day because it's a better quality and you enjoy the flavor of it and you have less put less pressure on your ins one yep definitely definitely yeah that's that's amazing uh lowering LDL lowering triglycerides that's just come out I'll put it I'll send it to you because you might not have seen it yet but I'll I'll send you the paper and we're gonna link yeah we're going to link all your papers uh in the description below uh because they're I mean they're tremendous and this is you like you said this is just you adding MCT and you reduce the carbs a little bit but it wasn't a crazy you know classic in the nursing home study we didn't reduce we didn't add m at all we justed just reded you just reded carbs okay the goal was to then start a second phase adding MCT plus reduce carbs ah okay but we haven't we haven't been able to raise the money to do it and so we haven't started that yet okay it was simply reducing carbs which in the end I mean you provide MCT to people but if they don't reduce their carbs yep um then the impact on insulin is is not going to be as effective as if they do reduce it's the carbs that are responsible for the insulin going up sure it's not the MCT that can solve that sure MCT can produce more ketones y but in fact by reducing the carbs and the insulin they were producing a bit more ketones not a huge amount but still it was three times what it was uh in the standard treatment yeah it's still amazing results you you you didn't you it's not that drastic of a change you know 30% it doesn't sound that way you know we we think of classical ketogenic diets you know 5% of calories carbs some of these really really extreme but it was that seems like a very doable I mean it is very doable because you had a sample size there of it was a nursing home so 84 year old people uh to have these kind of reductions in their blood labs and I'm sure a higher quality of life higher cognitive performance that's it's amazing and the implications for everybody else our listeners um anyone who just wants better brain health or Better Health in general uh I think is pointing to a little bit less car s um you know portion sizes maybe a little bit more fasting uh throughout the day just reduce the demands on insulin uh and try to get more in line with something that was uh kind of an ancestral pattern an ancestral yep snack on on low carb foods uh nuts being an obvious one peanuts almonds walnuts um veggies of course cheese y um snack on low carbs it's it's it's not going to it's not going to hurt influence your insulin so um it and it will give you that little uh feel that little craving great and and you will I think lose the taste for cheap Sugar Sugar drinks and and um you know desserts and and you'll you'll be looking for the higher quality ones because that's so corresponds to the taste that you're really looking for yeah absolutely AB absolutely there have been some ketogenic applications with Parkinson's recently that have had some good outcomes is that right uh recently I'm not sure there are there to my knowledge there are three papers that have been published on the ketogenic diet in Parkinson's disease um one was uh back in 2005 but first one was from Columbia University in New York Theodore van Italy was the first person and there there have been two since one from New Zealand Matthew Phillips and one from uh since cinnati Bob borian uh all three were small scale uh relatively shortterm um and I you know statistically perhaps there were results but clinically I would say were inconclusive yeah um so we've looked into this recently I haven't published anything on this but um I've got a YouTube channel from and we have a conference that we held um in November that is under the way the presentations were recorded so my talk about this is is on on that channel which I can send to you as well along with people speaking about other topics diabetes and so on uh very little is actually known about the glucose deficit in in the brain in Parkinson disease um and so we decided to Simply go in there jump in with both feet um and um look at that and also exercis is recommended in Parkinson's disease and we learned more or less by by accident that exercise improves brain Ketone uptake yes in Alzheimer's disease yes so we said why don't we put the two together we need to give a keto supplement plus exercise now we've got an increased supply of ketones we've got better transport into the brain this should have a double the effect yeah um and in indeed in Parkinson's disease we we only had 10 people so we did not even look at at at the symptoms of the disease I didn't want to be uh leave a false impression that we changed that the their condition but we've improved brain energy Rescue by nearly 50% by combining exercise with the Ketone supplement which was a ketone salt supplement yeah so that's preliminary results suggesting that if brain energy rescue is part of the solution to Parkinson disease that you can definitely magnify amplify the effect of the ketones with exercise yeah or amplify the effect of exercise with ketones yes yeah um so there's something to learn we don't know about the long-term feasibility we don't know about the um the real benefits for symptoms yeah um we don't know about whether this changes the amount of medication they need to take uh but the medication is a challenge for Parkinson's patients uh they're very motivated to participate in these kinds of projects but the if they if they miss their medication by even a couple of hours it's it has a dramatic effect on uh at least in in a few cases I know of personally cognitive status deteriorates quite quite rapidly if they're not able to take their medication so if there's some way to make the medication more effective with the ketones if that's possible and it's it's speculative for now yeah maybe that's what they've shown in those three papers that I just mentioned yeah and and maybe uh we can pursue that for the moment we don't have funding to do that sort of work either so it's um it's one of those limits yeah yeah well hopefully that changes you know uh your your work is is the kind of work that needs a lot more support right now I think um it's it's tremendously exciting in a field where we've heard for so many years that there's really nothing that you can do you kind of just get your Affairs in order but it does really sound like whether it's MCI or it's Alzheimer's maybe you just have a family history and you want to improve your brain health you want to improve your overall health um you know work like yours is pointing to some really important lifestyle changes that people can make that are within their control and influence uh that give them a better chance so uh what are you really excited for uh what are you really excited about in your field what you're looking at what you're working on right now what excites you well it's it excites me that compared to when I got to sherber 20 years ago uh where it was almost almost taboo to talk about ketogenic diets in any context except maybe epilepsy um to see the energy around this and that the public fora the public space that that now is dedicated to this kind of exchange and communication and self-help people like you uh didn't exist 20 years ago at least I not many of you um and and so I think that's been hugely beneficial to people who need an alternative who can't necessarily afford the drugs even if that would be Ben official they don't have the insurance Etc um and there are products that are available for research purposes not many most people trying to sell ketogenic salts or exogenous ketones are trying to make a buck and a placebo is of no is not going to make any money because they won't be able to sell it so it's really important to understand how ketones work especially in uh qualitative outcomes like cognitive like memory that takes an interaction between the tester and the and the participant and the possibility of influencing the the result uh by knowing what you're on is is is too great you need a placebo to avoid that so the placebo is critical to understanding these sort of soft targets they're the real clinical targets but they're harder to measure correctly yeah which is one of the challenges with MCI by the way M cognitive impairment is that you've only got a small deficit that you're trying to correct in the first place yeah person still remembers where their keys are they remember what the pin number is at the bank machine Etc so what are you trying to correct exactly and and the chances of seeing a benefit are small yeah I think uh there the issue of insulin resistance is is not something that just affects older people yeah it affects younger people it affects adolesence I I I'm horrified to think it probably affects children as well right now oh yeah yeah um and and it's associated with type two diabetes of course which underlies neurodegener disorders like Parkinson's like Alzheimer's yeah um even if you get forget about what's going on above the neck diabetes is a massive problem um how do you get insulin resistance under control it's all very well to have OIC out there for those of you that can afford it most of you are going to go off it that have started it anyway if even if you can afford it yeah um as Gary to said in his book rethinking diabetes yeah it's the carbs what's why are we resisting this idea that the carbs are part of the problem and therefore they're part of the solution what does it take for the medical establishment to buy in to reducing carbs 30% is all I'm asking I'm not asking you to go on a ketogenic diet yeah now of course my papers just came out so nobody nobody really knows about those results yet but it isn't older people anyway so I'm excited about the potential I'm also uh I think realistic enough after having been in the game for a while to realize that there's still a lot of um traction there's not a lot of traction there's a lot of inertia in the medical establishment about nutritional or metabolic uh treatments yeah people with uh with psychiatric disorders uh have insulin resistance uh even more Amplified by their medications in most cases so we're starting to work in in what's called metabolic psychiatry yeah and I'm very grateful to say that here at sherck the Psychiatry department has been quite receptive to us starting this work I was expecting all kinds of of reasons why this shouldn't be done or couldn't be done or would be dangerous to do and in fact there's there's quite a an opening to it so I'm hoping that that energy can be transmitted to other uh psychiatrists and um to to learn and to do the physiology of this because I'm not saying there there's no Magic Bullets in this business yeah we need to understand why things should change and and why a certain approach can be beneficial and whether it's safe and whether it's effective and whether it can last for a long time and there are things that we've been talking about for the past hour that fit that category so uh all power to you out there that that can apply it yourselves and uh within your families and and uh if we can help you do that so much the better beautiful beautiful uh that gain where can people find you your research your work your resources well we have a website that you can probably U put a link to uh when you post this and um we can we'll do that so send me a list of the things you want me to to provide in terms of links I'll I'll we'll make sure that people get this information and I look forward to being inundated with requests absolutely for information absolutely yeah no we'll link everything and then we'll link everything you want us to link because your work is extremely important it's uh it really is the tip of the spear right now we do have a big big challenge with insulin resistance with metabolic issues that are underlying a lot of chronic diseases including Alzheimer's and including the cognitive decline but you're right I mean it's uh everything below the neck and uh your work is uh is really highlighting the kind of lifestyle changes that they don't have to be extreme 30% uh lower carbs in our in our daily diet can make a huge difference in uh in in cognitive and just Health outcomes and our families are better for it so thank you for everything that you do thank you for everything that you've done Dr Kain um very grateful for you taking the time I know you're very busy and uh look forward to connecting with you very soon our our listeners are very grateful so thank you and uh thank you for the service for the invitation and and for the Serv service you offer to to people and I hope that uh if only one person out there is actually able to see a benefit then then you've you've done your job so let's make it two or three or 10 or or 100 absolutely absolutely thanks a lot Eddie all right thank you Dr Kine bye bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsjaktwo: Rewatching. Thank you, Gentlemen!
  2. @labbe52: 💯❤ Thank you so much from Sweden..
  3. @mrsjaktwo: I finally heard at minute 43-44 about the reason that Nestle wanted to participate in funding the research … to create a product to sell. As stated, it was sold in Europe, and it didn’t/hasn’t sold well. Honestly, GOOD.
I am all for capitalism, but these Big Food companies have benefitted, beyond the pale, on the negative  health impacts and resulting loss of lives of untold consumers.
Between Big Food, Big Pharma, Big Insurance and Big Govt, our only hope is to trust NONE of them and get busy looking at root cause, getting more sleep, a minimum of thirty minutes of activity a day, building muscle, getting the benefits of impact causing activity for our bones/joints/cartilage, and all of this works in tandem w/ a diet of real foods. And a more meat based, ketone promoting approach is key. As well as intermittent fasting.
It’s a big effort and commitment, but when you watch your own Dear Ol’ Dad suffer from Alzheimers, which could be bettered by what these Doctors discuss in this video, you will become much more motivated to not end up with the heartbreaking disease.
There ARE many things you can do!!!!
  4. @SherriWilliams-o8e: What is MCT? I must have missed it in the video.
  5. @MarianneGammon: Where are the links please?

- Hope for the Aging Brain: Ketones, Alzheimer’s, and the Power of Food with Dr. Mary Newport: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to Take Care with the Rowing Therapist, where we explore the science, stories, and strategies that help us live longer, stronger, and more connected lives. I'm your host, Danielle Whagemiester, and today's guest is someone whose personal story has not only inspired me, but has also changed the lives of thousands of families around the world. Dr. Mary Newport is a physician, a researcher, and was her husband's caregiver. As a neonatologist, she spent decades helping sick and premature infants survive and thrive. When her husband, Steve, was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's, she found herself in a new and deeply personal battle, one that led her to discover the therapeutic potential of ketones for the aging brain. She first shared their journey in the groundbreaking book, Alzheimer's Disease: What If There Is a Cure, a title that sparked a worldwide conversation and gave hope to families who had been told there was none. Just finished reading the book myself. Highly recommend it. Full of great information. I learned a lot and very inspiring testimonies. So, I definitely recommend that you check that one out. She Since then, she continues to educate and advocate through her other works, including The Coconut Oil and Low-Carb Solution for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and other diseases. I have a copy of it here, The Complete Book of Ketones, and Clearly Keto for Healthy Brain Aging and Alzheimer's Prevention. Today, Dr. Newport joins us to talk not only about Steve's story, but about what she has learned over the past 16 years. How to identify early warning signs of cognitive decline, what labs and lifestyle changes can make the biggest difference, and how a simple, affordable strategy like MCT oil might be one of the most powerful tools we have. Just a note, the information contained today is for information purposes only and does not constitute medical advice, nor does it establish a doctor-patient relationship. Dr. Newport, thank you so much for being here. Would you be willing to start by sharing a little about Steve's story? What happened when you began experimenting with MCT oil? Yeah. >> first thank you so much for that wonderful introduction. >> Oh, of course. >> so fantastic. Yeah, so um as you said, uh I uh worked in newborn intensive care, you know, for 30 years. And um he did accounting for uh my practice. He was able to work from home since I was based in the hospital, and it made it um very uh wonderful, you know, for our family because he could stay home and take care of our children when I had emergencies, you know, I had to run off a lot, you know, day and night um to um deliveries and that type of thing. So, um he was um going along nicely. He did a great job as an accountant. He was a perfectionist. And when he was about 51 years old, he started having problems with um remembering things. Basically, he would forget about appointments. Even if I would call him half hour ahead of time to remind him, he would forget about an appointment that our daughters had. He he would forget to go. It was interesting. He started hanging notes, little post-it notes on tape in doorways to remind him about things he was supposed to do um and at you know, at first I really didn't think too much about it. I thought, okay, he's middle-aged now, 51. And um, you know, maybe he's just so busy that he needs these reminders. But then he started having trouble remembering if he'd been to the bank and the post office. And I think that's something that most of us at that age, you know, would remember, you know, whether we had done that. It was part of his job um that he would go to the bank and post office every day and he would forget and then he would misplace important mail, um and checks from uh payments, that type of thing. And um so it became very worrisome at that point. And he was also quite depressed. That was probably one of his very earliest symptoms was depression. And we kind of attributed it to our daughters were teenagers and, you know, life had gotten a little more complicated at that point, but um in reality um he later said that he was um he knew for several years before I caught on that something was wrong. He knew that his brain wasn't functioning as well as it used to and that was making him very depressed. Uh he just didn't share that with me, you know, for a while. Um but nevertheless, when he was 54 years old, he was diagnosed officially with early-onset Alzheimer's disease. So this was 3 years after we started noticing these symptoms. And um he it took maybe two more years for him to not be able to drive or even turn on a computer, which he had worked on all day. Couldn't do any simple math, couldn't use a calculator. This was age 54. So he was progressing very quickly and then, you know, when I was working, I mean people with Alzheimer's, this doesn't happen like overnight for most people. It's a very slow process. So you kind of gradually get used to some of these changes that you're seeing. But then, you know, certain things just really start striking you, okay, this is clearly not normal. Like forgetting about the the um going to the bank and the post office. But um I had a particularly bad summer in the Newport ICU in August, which was usually the busiest month. And I would come home and he hadn't eaten. And he had lost I realized he looked like he was losing weight and he had lost about 10 lb in a month. And just simply from not eating. He thought he had eaten, but he hadn't. He hadn't been able to fix meals for himself. And um so um one of our daughters reluctantly she came home um and um she started staying, you know, and being there with him, you know, when I was working. Um and I really appreciate all of her efforts on that. It really kind of side tracked her in many ways. Um which happens to many family members when you're dealing with Alzheimer's. And so this was 2007 that you know, I noticed his weight loss that he started really needing constant supervision. And then in 2008, I really felt like we were at a point where he had declined so much that I didn't know if we would have him, you know, for more than two or three more years. So um there were a couple of clinical trials that became available in our area. And these were drugs that removed plaques from the brain. There's a lot of controversy about those now about whether this is even the main problem, you know, which has been really the focus of research for decades now trying to remove plaques from the brain. but there were two different drugs that became available in our area at that time. That was our best hope. We didn't know that there were controversies yet about this. he was scheduled 2 days in a row to try out, you know, for two different clinical trials. And I happened to be on the internet the night before the first screening and um I I was looking at the two drugs to see the risks and benefits and you know, if you got accepted into both trials, we would have to pick one. So, that's why I was researching this. But this press release popped up about a medical food that was going to come out about a year later and in a pilot study of just one dose and in a 3-month study of um you basically 152 people they had found that nearly half of the people with Alzheimer's who took this medical food had improved cognition, memory and cognition on cognitive testing. And um this is not something you have ever heard about Alzheimer's drugs. None of them have ever been able to claim that they improve cognition. So, this was of great interest to me and I was able to find their patent application. They didn't really explain how it worked in in the press release. But I found their patent application and I learned a few things about Alzheimer's disease that it's a type of diabetes of the brain. A lot Some people call it that. But it's basically insulin resistance in the brain. It's very much like type 2 diabetes that you have insulin resistance, but it's affecting the brain in this case. They found this by um doing autopsies of um the brains of people who had died with Alzheimer's and they didn't have type 1 or type 2 diabetes, but they did have diabetes of the brain. So, they started calling it Alzheimer's diabetes uh type 3. so, the interesting idea that came from uh developing this medical food which turned out to be MCT oil, medium-chain triglyceride oil is that when you consume it, no matter what you eat, part part is converted to ketones. And ketones are an alternative fuel to glucose for the brain. So, when you have insulin resistance, cells are resistant to taking up glucose. Um they're not responding to insulin normally. No- uh most cells require insulin to get glucose into the cell. And glucose is the primary fuel for cells when you are on a typical higher carb diet. So, if you're on uh a ketogenic diet, which I suspect we'll be talking about uh too, um you eat more fat, you eat much less carbohydrate. It kind of mimics fasting. And you break down fat, and some of that fat is converted to ketones, which fuels your brain in that situation. So, this is a really cool way to be able to take something that would convert to ketones that can provide fuel to the brain. So, this was really a brilliant idea. And I thought, "Okay, the science sounds very Well, I should say it sounds very sound." It it made sense to me. And I thought, "Okay, this is something we need to try." And I'm looking at this, it's about 1:00 a.m., and he's supposed to screen around 9:00 a.m. So, I didn't have time to go out and do anything about it. Um the other thing I had learned from the patent application was that MCT oil is extracted from coconut oil, which was new to me. And I was familiar with MCT oil because we had used it in uh the practice taking care of sick and premature newborns um back in the um early '80s when I was in training. We used to add a little bit to each feeding of our tiniest preemies, and they would grow better, they would get home faster. And then infant uh formula manufacturers started adding it directly to premature infant formulas and formulas for newborns who were having like intestinal issues with the formula. So, um and then they also started adding coconut oil to try to mimic the fats that are in breast milk, which include medium-chain triglycerides. So, um I learned so much about just from that patent application. Um So, uh anyway, he went for the screening in the morning. Um it was around 9:00 a.m. And um he did not do well. He needed to score at least 16 out of 30 points on the Mini-Mental Status Exam, and he scored only 14 points. So, he did not qualify for the study. We were devastated. And um the doctor asked him to draw a clock, which I can actually show you. I'll try to show it. Okay. So, you can see this is supposed to be a clock. It's just a few little random circles and a few numbers. >> Yeah. >> And the doctor it was very disorganized and she told me he's on the verge of severe Alzheimer's, which I kind of knew, but boy, that really brought it home. To see to see that was really something. So, I thought, okay, we're going to do this. So, on the way home, I knew I had seen coconut oil in health food stores. I hadn't really seen MCT oil anywhere. Didn't know that it was available, so I picked up coconut oil. When we got home, I looked at um looked up the composition of coconut oil, the fatty acid composition, and I learned that it was about 60% medium-chain triglycerides. And uh there's arguments about which are the medium-chain triglycerides, but in this case, you know, the but I the information I had, it was um you know, 60% and so I tried to calculate the dose of the medical food that they had been using in their studies, and it was 20 g, and this brought the coconut oil up to about uh a little over 2 tablespoons. And so, the next day, he was scheduled again to to our trial for a clinical trial, and um Um, gave him was 35 g, a little over 2 Tbsp of coconut oil. I had mixed it into oatmeal because coconut oil is a little bit semi-solid at room temperature. And, um, 4 hours later, he screened for the second trial. It was in a different location, different drug, different floor of the building. He gained four points in the point that he gained. Yeah. >> And he qualified for the study. >> Wow. >> Like a miracle at the time. And, um, at the very significant increase of four points from the day before. And there were things like the town that we were in, the floor on the institution, and, um, the day of the week and the season. He had gotten all of those wrong the day before. And three of those were different. They were actually different than the day before. So, um, he he qualified. And I thought, "Okay, we're going to keep this going." And, you know, I didn't know for sure if we had just got lucky or not right away. But within a four or five days it was obvious that something was was working. And, you know, so we I started giving him that same amount for breakfast every day. And then I had read in the pamphlet pat the patent application that the ketone levels from taking MCT oil tend to peak at 90 minutes. And they're pretty much back to where you started at, um, 3 hours. And I thought, "Wait a minute. The brain needs fuel 24/7. Even when you're sleeping, the brain needs a tremendous amount of fuel." so I thought I'm going to start giving him this at each meal, you know, some at each meal. And I I got uh recipes online. I went We went back to the health food store, got some coconut oil cookbooks, and and just started adding it. And over the next few days, he has just changes right away. He said it felt like a light bulb came on in his brain the day he started the coconut oil. He said that many times, including that day. yeah, and he had tremors like he had a tremor in his hand when he would try to eat. Um, and he had a tremor in his jaw when he would talk. Um, he would have trouble finishing sentences and his jaw would quiver as he was trying to figure out what to say. That stopped right away. And, um, the hand shaking it, um, sometimes he would have it in the morning, but it would go away after 20 or 30 minutes after getting the coconut oil. >> Um, he walked very stiffly, uh, very slowly and stiffly. He couldn't run anymore and this had been for a while, maybe close to a year. Um, and at 2 months, he could pick up his he he was walking normally. He started walking more quickly that second day. >> days, but over about 2 months, he his gait completely normalized. Became completely normal. He could pick up his feet and run again. Uh, he was stiff. And the other interesting thing at 2 months is he could tie his shoes again, which he hadn't been able to do for a while. >> that's really a big deal. >> Yes. >> somebody's shoes for them, you know, and then then you don't have to, that's really, uh, surprising. Um, so, um, he he just he felt much better and after 4 or 5 days, I mean, we talked about it. He said, "You know, things have changed. Something has changed here." And and I became very overwhelmed because I thought, "You know, here's a medical food. They're not expecting it to come out for a year. It's on the shelf. You know, this is something that people can get and I need to like tell the whole world about it because at that time they were saying there were about 35,000 people with dementia. Worldwide now it's 55,000 is what the estimate is. And about 60 or 70% of those are Alzheimer's disease. >> Yes, and probably climbing with the fact that it's tied to insulin resistance. >> Which I'm hearing is somewhere between 91% and 93% of our population. >> It is that's probably true. Um it's happening more and more in in children even. It used to be called adult onset diabetes. And then juvenile onset was type 1 and they kind of abandoned that and they just call it type 2 because so many teenagers and even young children are developing insulin resistance. Um a lot of people have fatty liver, younger people. Um and that ties into insulin resistance. It's a common complication of diabetes and um obesity of course uh has become a big problem. And this is all kind of evolving since um kind of the 1960s, really gained steam in the 1980s, and it's been getting worse ever since. And you know, diabetes has almost uh is really more than doubled over the last 20 years in the United States. And prediabetes, uh more people are getting screened for it. A lot of people never get screened for it. You know, a lot of doctors, um they'll check your fasting glucose, and if it's under 100, they think, "Oh, okay, you don't have insulin resistance." But I think it's really a good idea to check beyond that. Um like uh check hemoglobin A1C, which gives you an idea of what glucose is over several months. That kind of averages your glucose. And um a fasting insulin level can tell you um when if somebody has insulin resistance or insulin level gets very high. The cells aren't responding to it. So >> Yes, I I've actually heard uh Dr. Ben Bickman talk about the fact that you can have normal glucose levels for decades as your insulin levels are increasing. And so it is better to look at the biomarker of insulin over that. And then I wonder if you could tell our listeners a little bit about an APOE score and if that's something that they might want to have their doctor assess. >> Yeah. So, APOE 4 that there are these APOE genes. We get one from each parent and somebody that is APOE2 has a very low risk of getting Alzheimer's disease. Somebody who is APOE3 3 they got a 3 from each parent is has about a it's slightly under 5% risk of developing Alzheimer's. If you have one copy of the APOE4 gene, it increases your risk to about 12 to 13%. And if you have two copies of the APOE4 gene one from each parent your risk goes up to about 40%. So, APOE4 seems to be the really the the best known genetic risk factor you know for Alzheimer's and there have been studies you know looking at glucose uptake in the brain and can do imaging studies to look for this and people as early as their mid-20s who have these genes are already showing decreased glucose uptake in the brain even in their 20s. You know, and and this is something like people that have Alzheimer's disease they have typically had decreased glucose uptake beginning somewhere 10 to 20 years maybe even longer before they start having obvious symptoms. You know, so this is something that's cooking for a long time. You know, so there's a lot of opportunity to try to reverse that situation and potentially prevent or delay or you know slow down you know the development of Alzheimer's disease. >> Yeah, so do you feel like it makes a difference when people start these interventions as far as prognosis? >> I think you know, unfortunately there aren't a huge number of preventive studies yet. Um some of the the studies that are kind of relevant relate to people with type 2 diabetes. So, there have been some really good larger studies of people with um type 2 diabetes um eating a ketogenic diet, for example. And um over time, they um the blood sugar completely normalizes, hemoglobin A1C comes down, their insulin levels come down, they almost always lose weight, and they can completely get off all of their medications, including uh insulin if they're on insulin. This is These are type 2 uh people with type 2 diabetes. And um there are several case reports now of people who had diabetes or metabolic syndrome, which is like pre-diabetes, who um also had Alzheimer's disease. And uh these were people who were put on a ketogenic diet just aiming for mild, like a mild to moderate level of ketosis, not even a super strict diet. And then they would combine it with exercise and brain training and that type of thing, but but um there are uh three cases out there, and and basically each one of them had over 10 weeks of this this diet and this kind of regimen that they went on. Um they normalized their uh blood glucose control. That improved, they lost weight, their blood pressure came down. Um it really didn't change their cholesterol levels very much, but the most profound thing was that their Mini-Mental Status Exam score, which is the same test that my husband took, you know, for those clinical trials, um improved. Uh there was a man uh his score went up from 23 to 29 out of 30 points. 29 is normal. >> And a woman who her score was 21 before she started, and it went up to 28, which is also right very close to normal. Um so, these are two people who are diagnosed with Alzheimer's who you know, their memory and cognition greatly improved with that just 10 weeks of a ketogenic diet. You know, so um if you can get Oh, well, and diabetes, too, um is a one of the major risk factors for Alzheimer's. It's about a 30% risk if somebody has type 2 diabetes of developing dementia. You know, so normalizing that, getting the glucose under control could make a huge difference as to whether you are going to decline sooner or later. Or not. >> Yes, we're hearing and learning a lot more about some of these metabolic connections through whether it's mental health symptoms, cancer research. So, it's just exciting to be putting the dots together and connecting that. And I know there were a lot of really powerful testimonials in your book. And I'm just curious, um what made you decide to collect and publish those testimonials? And any in particular that still stick with you? I know for me one that stood out was the was the mother that was remembering the next morning there was cake in the refrigerator. So, >> Right, right. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, um yeah, I started collecting well, you know, with Steven proof so much, I started uh writing to politicians and um the news media and all of this trying to get this information out. Alzheimer's Association to no avail. Couldn't get any of them to pay any attention to it and I was just trying to say there's a medical food that's going to come out in a year, but this is actually on the shelf. By then, I kind of knew uh not too long after that MCT oil was actually also available online. I just didn't know it yet. And we actually did start adding MCT oil to my husband's uh regimen around 6 weeks and I started mixing coconut and MCT oil. There's good reasons for both, which we can talk about later. But, um I was just so, um, obsessed with getting the message out and there was an Alzheimer's Association conference that was going to come about 2 months after we started Steve on the coconut oil. And, um I put together I wrote an article all about what had happened with Steve, explaining that, you know, um about how this works, how to do it. I also had started talking with Dr. Richard Veech, who was a ketone expert at the NIH. Um And, he had been working on a ketone ester, which could get your ketone levels much, much higher. He'd been working on this since the mid-1990s. And, hadn't really gotten off the ground or been able to get any clinical trials. And, and, um, so I included information about that, you know, that there's something even more, you know, I I called it, uh, "What if there was a a cure for Alzheimer's and no one knew?" was the name of the article. And, um, it talked about, you know, that the levels that you would get from coconut and MCT oil or of ketones are much lower than you would get with a ketone ester, you know. So, um And, he he was actually felt like it could be a cure or preventive, you know, for Alzheimer's. So, um, I wrote this article up intending to pass it out at the Alzheimer's International Conference, which was in Chicago that year. And, so, um, I had 1,500 copies printed up in Chicago. I had gotten, um a table at actually approved at first for a table that in their big exhibit hall. And, um it, um you know, basically paid for it, everything. Made all of our travel arrangements. My sister and her husband came along with us so they could hang out with Steve. So, um when, uh, a few days before we were supposed to travel, I get an email from the Alzheimer's Association saying, "Uh we changed our mind. We decided you cannot have a table." Um and um I was really upset. I I argued back and forth with them. I think it's in the book, you know, kind of the back and forth there. And I'm like, you know, this is just a food. It's not a drug, you know, that has potential toxicity. And they had another exhibit from the medical food people, the people with the medical food were going to be exhibiting there. And I said, "This is just a case report of their product, you know, basically what happens when you give, you know, these oils that have medium-chain triglycerides." And they completely declined. They made up all kinds of flimsy excuses as to why I couldn't have a table. They said, "But you can come. You just can't distribute your article. You can't pass it out, give it to anybody." But I managed uh we went anyway. We passed out a lot of um of the extras copies in um Chicago. Uh we went to Grant Park and handed them out. We went to health food stores. And um my sister, you know, um passed out quite a few kind of near the convention center, people coming in. And um and I would go to look at the posters. There were like 500 or so posters every day of research that people had done. And I looked for people who were interested in insulin resistance, in um glucose, in uh nutrition, uh fatty acids, you know, anything remotely related. I would stop and talk to them. And then I would hand them a copy. I So I did it on the sly. And uh managed to probably hand out about 200 copies or so. >> Great. >> Yeah, but anyway, so um So then after that article got out, then I put it out online, you know, I came home. I started sending it out online. And it just kind of built over time, you know, it started getting more and more attention. There was a local radio show that had me come on after they had seen it. I mean, we had put put it in health health food stores, too. I started giving some talks in local health food stores. And then after the radio program, then the St. Petersburg Times, which is now the Tampa Bay Times, which is a large regional paper, they uh asked me to do an interview for a news article. And the article went viral. It had a picture of Steve and I with his three clocks. I don't think I showed you >> Oh, yeah. >> Yeah, I should show you the other. >> Yes. Yes. >> remember the very disorganized so his second clock two This is 2 weeks later. >> So >> Yeah. Looks a lot more like a clock. >> Yeah, it's got the numbers. It's still pretty messy. And this was 37 days later. >> kind of tidy, a little tidier. And I thought I asked him, "What are all those lines?" And he said I thought they were hands of the clock, like too many of them. And he said, "No, I he was trying to line the numbers up across from each other." He was trying to make them look tidy. >> Yeah. Wow. >> um Anyway, um So after I got this article out online, then I started hearing from people. And and it was um uh you know, what and after the St. Pete Times article, cuz that really got out there. the first lady that wrote to me was the one that you mentioned. Her mother had Alzheimer's. She was failing very much. She didn't recognize family members. She was in bed, you know, almost all the time. She was barely eating. She was losing weight. She just wasn't doing well at all. And her daughter started giving her coconut oil. I think she started with two tablespoons, you know, sort of what Steve um was getting. And she said it didn't happen right away. It took about 2 months before she realized that there had been a major change, like gradual change over 2 months." And this lady got up out of bed. She started eating. She started recognizing them. She started smiling and laughing more. And um there there were a few um things that she mentioned um that about the cake. She was getting into the refrigerator and they thought she was getting into trouble, you know? And she said, "No, I'm looking for that Pepperidge Farm cake that we bought yesterday." And they had bought a Pepperidge Farm cake the day before. >> And um and then this lady started reading the newspaper again, which kind of floored her husband. And 6 months later she started crocheting again. >> Ah. >> And she ended up living um several more years. Uh she died from um pneumonia at 83. But she had, you know, enjoyed a lot of time with her granddaughter, who she hadn't recognized. Now she recognized her. And um she never did revert back to, you know, where she had been before she started the coconut oil. You know? So that was really profound and, you know, there there were there were so many stories like that. Um there was a man with ALS, um Lou Gehrig's disease, who was um quite incapacitated. And he he was using coconut oil for a year before he contacted me. He said he wanted to be sure that it was real and and that he wasn't that he hadn't gotten worse. he had started taking he upped himself to nine tablespoons a day. And and that's actually, you know, my husband um we slowly worked him up on coconut and MCT oil. He was taking at least that much every day. He was taking some with each meal and with snacks. We were drinking coconut milk, which had has a lot of coconut oil in it. And um so this man um he had started doing um measurements around his like calves, upper arms, you know, what what people with ALS they um gradually become I hate to say it but but it's kind of true paralyzed in a way. They lose um the loss of their muscle strength becomes extremely weak um to the point that they eventually can't eat. They can't feed themselves. Eventually they can't swallow because of this weakness and so he uh but you can see the um decreases in muscle mass over time, you know, in the arms, legs, every really everywhere. So he would measure around each of his lower and upper extremities. Every month he was documenting all of this and he was doing certain strength tests that he was keeping track of and over the course of a year he had improved. He had not declined. And with ALS it's a it's a neurodegenerative disease. You steadily decline. Most people die within 3 to 5 years. 90% 80 or 90% die within 3 to 5 years. he um he improved enough that he um he was able to have a knee uh uh transplant replacement surgery. He hadn't been able to walk but then he could again. >> again. And his knee was hurting so much. He needed he needed that. But they said, "Well, you're not walking anyway, so why you know, why do it?" But when he could walk again then they he got that surgery and his knee, you know, over several months as it healed, you know, he was able to walk better. And um he stayed in touch with me for about 8 years and you know, he was he actually was very stable for a very long time and then I lost track of him. So, you know, I worry about what happened um but um but that was really quite profound. >> And um there were many stories. Oh my gosh, just so many. Um but I I started keeping track of them um when I realized that I was starting to accumulate these emails from people. Mostly emails, a few phone calls, but mostly emails. Most of them were for caregivers. Sometimes they were from the person themselves, like this man with ALS. the local um Alzheimer Institute uh one of the places that Steve had tested, the Byrd Alzheimer Institute at University of South Florida. They became interested in this and so I started putting these cases on a spreadsheet. And I kept every single one of them. I was the only one getting these emails. Um later I had help. So at that point I I knew that I was getting every single report, you know, whether a person had or had not responded, for example. Because some people tried it and they would write me that they didn't see anything. They didn't see any response. And in those, you know, the trials of that medical food, it was almost half the people that did respond. The other half didn't. So didn't really expect everybody to respond. But um suggested that they could use my case reports to help get a study going. And they actually did get funding for a study um to of coconut oil. And unfortunately, they had trouble recruiting. They wanted to recruit 65 people and they were only able to recruit 10 over a couple years because people knew coconut oil was on the shelf and they didn't want to get the placebo. If you're in a clinical trial, there's a chance that you won't get you know, the um the intervention. >> Wow. Okay. >> And they they had a lot of trouble talking people into it. They just wanted to go out and buy it and do it themselves. So >> So but they did get funding for the study. So that's how it's started. >> Yeah, okay. >> Yeah, so I had about 60 or so when they applied for the grant and got it. And then, I just kept, you know, going with it. And eventually, um I accumulated 360 reports. This was between like 2008 and 2014. And um I stopped after that because I did have other people. My sister was helping. My daughters were helping with my emails. And um I just couldn't be sure I was getting every single case. I had um an opportunity in um 2023. Uh I decided to submit I was encouraged by one of the ketone researchers. Why don't you put these case reports, try to do a poster presentation, or maybe try to write it up in an an article to get published. And um you know, they're anecdotal reports, you know, um there isn't a lot, you know, that that's supposed to be one of the weaker forms of evidence, you know, in the medical world. But this was a huge huge number of anecdotal reports. So, um I decided to focus on the people who had who had memory issues. And there were 288 of the 360 that had Alzheimer's, dementia, Parkinson's with dementia, autism. You know, there were a few younger people uh uh that had autism. um and just uh mild cognitive impairment, which is very common in older age. And I um was able to tabulate, you know, from them like how many reported improvement at all, like any kind of improvement. And then, I used phrases from the emails to try to um look at what kinds of improvements they reported. And I think it accepted as a poster presentation at the Alzheimer's International and this was in Amsterdam in 2023. So I got to go to Amsterdam to present it and I had a second poster that they approved too about um kind of a personalized plan for ketogenic, you know, um strategies to try to um slow cognitive decline basically is what that one was about and so I got to present posters like 2 days in a row and I talked to so many people when I did that and um then I got an invitation from the um the European Society of Medicine for their journal, um Medical Research Archives, to publish it as an article. You know, uh and they were very generous with allowing me to have like a really, really long article explaining everything that I could about uh this whole idea behind Alzheimer's and how ketones could benefit and how each of the certain fatty acids in coconut oil could benefit the brain and um and then, you know, present my my case reports. So it's actually published and um it So it's been um really an interesting journey, you know, uh with trying to get the message out and then, of course, writing the books, you know, trying to do that and uh getting on social media and doing podcasts. >> Yes, I'm so grateful to have you here for that. But this might be a great time to talk about you mentioned earlier the benefits of blending coconut oil with MCT oil. If you could talk a little bit more about that and you know, adding exogenous ketones versus >> Right. >> using a keto diet or combining the two. >> Combining, yeah, combining. I'm really big about combining ketogenic strategies. Um so yeah, so when um I first started talking with Dr. Veech, he was so shocked that somebody just taking coconut oil would have the response that my husband had. You know, uh he thought that it would require much much higher levels of ketones and he'd been working on that ketone ester and his ester could get you from zero ketones to 5 millimole in 30 minutes and 5 millimole is 10 times higher than what you would get with coconut or MCT oil, you know, potentially. so when he heard that Steve responded to coconut oil, he was really shocked. You know, I had been talking to him. I kind of was the our first call was more I asked a more theoretical questions, but I already knew, you know, my husband had improved and I asked about coconut oil. He said, "No, no, the levels will never be high enough." So then 2 weeks when Steve drew that second clock, I sent him both clocks. I faxed them to him and he was shocked. He called me and he said, "Well, that is unexpected." And um he became extremely interested in this and he put me in touch with some of the really the big fig figures in ketone research from the 1960s, um the ones who had studied MCT oil and found out that it converted to ketones and uh another um Dr. George Cahill who had discovered that the brain uses ketones during starvation and fasting. And these were men who this work was going on in the 1960s and they were had written papers with Dr. Veech hypothesis papers about how ketones could benefit people with Alzheimer's. So to actually have a case, this was like the first Steve was the first person a case of Alzheimer's of somebody who had actually responded that they were aware of and then, you know, so um I kept in touch with all of them over time, but Dr. Veech um measured Steve's ketone levels. He had to send samples the the lab at my hospital cooperated greatly, you know, they froze immediately the samples when they drew them from Steve and overnighted them, you know, um to the NIH and they ran the levels and the first round was with coconut oil and Steve took 35 g, little over 2 Tbsp in the morning and then Dr. Veech said, "Let's do a second one in the evening at dinner." And his you know, ketone levels did go up and it wasn't hugely, but the interesting thing was instead of peaking at 90 minutes like MCT oil, it was 3 hours is where it peaked and there was still a ketone level at dinner time, you know, we had checked it right before he had the second dose and then after dinner his level actually was rising pretty steeply 3 hours later and we didn't measure after that. So I have no idea how high the levels got, you know, um I suspect, you know, having ketones that late in the evening heading up that that would be a good thing to go to sleep with since the brain uses so much energy. And then a couple weeks later he had him do it again with MCT oil and this time his level was higher. It did peak at 90 minutes and it did come down at about 3 hours, you know, back to the baseline just as in that patent application, the other people. And so Dr. Veech said, "Well, why don't you just forget about the coconut oil and just give him MCT oil cuz the levels are higher." And I said, "But he improved with coconut oil. There might be something else about it." And one of the other researchers, Dr. Theodore Van Itallie, he said the same thing to me. He said there might be other things about coconut oil that are working here, you know, besides the ketones. And so I decided to just start mixing the two. And so I kind of tried different mixtures to see you know, what worked best and and basically like a 4:3 ratio, four parts MCT to three parts coconut oil. So if you're mixing it, it would be 4 oz of MCT to 3 oz of coconut oil. I tend to make bigger volumes at a time. Um that's stays liquid at room Um and it will work in almost any kind of food, cold or hot. You can blend it into almost anything. And um so um I started giving that to Steve. And I was also still cooking with whole coconut, you know, virgin coconut oil. Um certain things like low heat um scrambling eggs and you know, um putting it on vegetables and you know, things like that. Um And um you know, Steve did continue to steadily improve. I told you at 2 months his gait improved and he could tie his shoes. At 3 months, 3 and 1/2 months, he hadn't been able to read for about a year and a half. he announced one day that he could read again. And I said, "Well, why couldn't you read?" And he said, "Because the words would shake around on the page." He said it was like a satellite breakup was how he described it. You know, where it would kind of break up and the words would move around on the page. And that had stopped at about 3 and 1/2 months and he could actually read again. So, he started reading again and then he started um he felt like he was comprehending better and around 9 or 10 months he started remembering what he read several hours earlier. You know, so his improvement really continued steadily for about 10 months and then seemed to kind of level off after that. Um so, you know, the whole thing was really quite profound. Um he improved so much that he was able to um work as a volunteer at the hospital. Uh Actually, he worked in the supply where I worked. He worked in the supply warehouse and he would put stickers on on um the different supplies and he would help with the deliveries to the different floors and it made him feel really useful again. It was a big deal for him. He was so bummed out that he couldn't work. And um then he became eventually bummed out that he was volunteering and not making money for it. But, yeah. It was uh pretty sweet at the time. But, um it you know, the whole thing was really pretty profound and he did get into the clinical trial, uh both of them. He ended up testing for the other one again, and then he got a score of 20 when he tested the second time for the other study, and um he got a you know, so we decided to do this oral medication. uh that removes beta amyloid plaque from the brain. It turned out to be a disaster, but not right away because Steve turned out to be on the placebo for the first 18 months. And it was a crossover study. So, eventually we knew he would get on it. That was why we chose that particular one. Um but he was on the placebo, and during that first year he had a lot of testing. And he gained um there was an Alzheimer's disease test that was 75 points for his memory and cognition. He gained six points on that test during the year out of 75 points. There was one called activities of daily living. It's like how well can you take care of yourself? How well do you function? And he gained 14 out of 70 points. He improved by over a year. And the other people, like eventually they published the results of that drug trial. And the other people on placebo declined and on both of those, you know, over over that year. And so, um but then the the unfortunate thing that happened at 18 months, we found out later, Steve crossed over to the medication and and we strongly suspected that he was on it because his hair started to grow out like a gold light gold color. Like it was like a ribbon growing out in his hair, and that was one of the side effects of this drug. Um but then he had other side effects. He had some setbacks. He started doing some strange things that he had um you know he kind of started reverting back and he had an infection which turned out to be a common complication of this medication. Um he started wandering a little bit looking for his brothers going down the road. That was really worrisome thought what is going on and he had a like a an abrasion on his shin that took a month to heal and this was another poor wound healing was another complication of this drug. He fainted that he had never done in his life. So I decided to pull him out of the study. Steve you know totally agreed. And and then Dr. Veech he had done toxicity testing on this ketone ester at that point. He had completed the testing and had done very well. They had over 2,000 doses given and only six episodes of side effects which were mostly upset stomach. I think one case or two of diarrhea something like that out of 2,000 doses. So he said why don't we give this ketone ester to Steve and see if we can get him back you know where he was get him back to at least where he was. And he sent me this raw material it was most horrible thing I've ever tasted in my life. They talk about it tasting like jet fuel. so they suggested I dilute it and try different flavors and things with it and there weren't too many that worked very well but Steve drank it and he he was like a trooper he knew he had Alzheimer's he knew what all of this was about we had talked about it so much he had talked on the phone to Dr. Veech and he was you know ready willing and able you know to take this and he shuddered when he drank it. But he um I videotaped him for two straight hours you know after he took the first dose and he had not been able to write out the alphabet for quite a long time. This is what he decided he wanted to do. He said, "I want to write out the alphabet." And first he sang it from beginning to end. And then after he sang it, then he was able to write it. It took him about 20 minutes. He tried over and over. He would kind of get midway through and stop and then a little further and stop. Finally, he he wrote out the whole alphabet. He was elated. He was so excited. And he started talking about things that happened to him when he was a a kid, you know, that he um laughed and talked about his poor penmanship and and cursed his first-grade teacher for that, you know, by name. I remember her name. Um it was really quite something. And um one of the part of his setback was that he was starting to need more help doing real basic things like taking a shower. He'd been able to, you know, take a shower all by himself, you know, just automatically do it all. as part of the setback, he I had to talk him through step by step, you know. Okay, wet your hair. Okay, put the shampoo in. Now rub it around. Okay, now rinse it out, you know. The next day, he took a shower. I didn't even know he was doing it. He took a shower, picked out the right clothes, and came into the kitchen and all by himself and shaved. >> needing help, you know, just talking him through shaving and everything, you know. And he could do all of the stuff automatically again and really all of the new changes that we had seen um during the 6 weeks that he was on that medication that um they all reverted back to where he was before he had gotten that, you know. So, he improved again and then he was very stable for another 20 months and we got um after we stopped the clinical trial a few months later, I got a call from the research center and they notified us that they had stopped the study because they found that the drug actually accelerated Alzheimer's disease. It actually increased atrophy in the brain. It removed plaques and tangles and increased atrophy. So, people who had gotten it had gotten worse and they told me that the people that they suspected were on it because of the hair color change during the first year had gotten much worse during that time. Fortunately, Steve was on the placebo or I wouldn't be talking to you now. >> I'm sure. >> You know. >> Yeah. And I appreciate you know, in one of your books, I think it was the complete book of ketones just how you shared your gratitude for him getting accepted into that which is what helped you find all of this and I just appreciate just your journey and the passion and enthusiasm which you carry this information forward helping others to learn from what you've learned. So, I just appreciate all of that. But something else in your book that was surprising to me that I think might be helpful for listeners is talking about current very common medications and their connection. >> You you know, so many people think they're safe because their doctor prescribed them that they're okay to be on long term. Can you shed some light on current medications that are being prescribed long term and how they may increase our risk? >> Yeah. Yeah. So, um these are some things that we found out by trial and error unfortunately and um Steve donated his brain um and we found out that he had Alzheimer's and Lewy body dementia. Uh it's a combination. It's the second most common dementia. Most people don't know it. A lot of doctors barely know what it is if at all. Um it's similar to Parkinson's disease. They have a different type of plaque in addition to the Alzheimer's plaques. And um you know, so he some of his tremors and his slow gait and all that were related to that. But um when you have Lewy body dementia, uh for example, there are certain medications that will cause you to develop Parkinson's disease if you um you know, don't have the symptoms that will worsen the symptoms. People that have Parkinson's, it will greatly worsen their symptoms. And um so, these are antipsychotics, you know, for example. Haldol um he had an unfortunate experience, like a a bad reaction to Valium. Uh a doctor, a geriatric specialist, who claimed to be an Alzheimer's specialist, um Steve had gotten into a uh a little bit of a problem going to bed. You know, he would sometimes say, um "You need to take me back to my place." And it's like, "We're at at your place." I mean, it's really common. And so, he said, "Well, let's just give him like half of a Valium to kind of relax him, and you know, and that may help." And after about 3 weeks, first he had like this kind of outbreak, like a sweating episode, and it didn't I didn't really tie it to the Valium. But then, he had a a really severe um um episode where he where you act out your dream. Um and this is something that can happen with Valium, you know, you wake up, you're acting out, and it was uh he became violent for the first time ever. He took a lamp and kind of hit it against the wall, like a Tiffany lamp, and and he had never ever done anything like that. It was really frightening, and um you know, basically, he ended up in the hospital. You know, he was really it was scary, and um um then figured it out that it was Valium, but they started giving him antipsychotics. Um they gave him Haldol. And um I it found out later two other antipsychotics they also were giving him that they didn't even tell me about. I'm a physician. Uh this is the hospital that I worked in, and they didn't even tell me, you know, what exactly they were giving him. Um and he over He was in the hospital for about 2 weeks. And he developed a really severe tremor. His hand was shaking so hard you could hear it. And um he um they weren't getting him up to walk. And then when he finally was able to, he was so stiff he was bent over. It was It was just horrible. The whole thing was just so horrible. And um I ended up pulling him out of the hospital, you know, because you know, he was declining rapidly. And and um he had been walking, talking, eating, you know, fine, you know, before this happened. And suddenly he's like completely incapacitated. It was just incredible. And um they um told uh uh a young man, he was like a what they call a sitter. Yeah, he would stay with Steve overnight. And they told him that he was dying and that I was just in denial about it. But I I couldn't convince them. I kept saying, you know, I was reading up on it. And I'm like, "Th- These are side effects of Haldol." You know, and and um there's one called neuroleptic malignant syndrome. He was having these massive massive sweating episodes, massive diarrhea, and soaking the bed. They kept changing the bed and they kept giving him more Haldol. I'm like, "Please don't give it to him." And I got his medical records later and found out that as soon as I would leave at 9:30 in the evening, they would come in and give it to him, even though I had asked them not to give it to him. It was really bad. And um so, you know, I basically pulled him out of the hospital. And then it took about 6 weeks for him to recover, you know, till he was back upright, walking fine. Um he had developed a problem called akathisia, um where you can't sit still. It's a a com- It's a can be a side effect of Valium or these And um night terrors is is what the the Valium the side effect is called, you know, um, that he had experienced with Valium. but, you know, for people with Alzheimer's, there's this whole group of medications, common medications, that do the exact opposite of what the, um, Alzheimer's medications are intended to do. So, there's a a neurotransmitter called, acetylcholine, very important. It's involved in many different functions, but learning and memory are a big part of it, and it's deficient in people with part of that is, um, choline, acetylcholine. So, choline is one of the substances that we're supposed to eat, um, I think it's around 450 to 550 mg a day, depending on whether you're a man or a woman, but most people in the US probably, uh, I think more than half don't get that much. A lot of people don't even know what it is, they've never heard of it. But, it's part of this important neurotransmitter. And, um, it's also part of every single cell membrane in your body. It's very rich in the brain, uh, choline is, but there are a bunch of different drugs that are anticholinergic. So, the Alzheimer's drugs try to increase acetylcholine, the ones that are approved. This is, um, Aricept, Exelon, Namenda. They, um, in- increase acetylcholine in the brain. There are these classes of drugs that are anticholinergic. So, anti- choline. Basically, they have exactly the opposite effect, they suppress the production of acetylcholine in the brain. So, you're basically fighting, if you're taking Alzheimer's medications and you've taken anticholinergic drug, you're depressing the production of So, these are really common drugs, uh, certain types of, um, antidepressants, SSRIs, cold medications like for decongestants, cough medications, um things uh drugs that are used to help with uh people that have urinary retention. Um it's very common in elderly people to be taking these types of things. Um you know, so uh sleep aids, at least common sleep aids, uh Benadryl, um there's one called doxylamine to send it's a comes separately as a sleep aid, but it's also in like NyQuil and that type of thing. You know, so a lot of people are taking several different of these medications. A lot of um there's a case report of a lady that she came in completely and utterly confused and she was taking seven different anticholinergic medications and she had um known dementia, but she had gotten much much much worse and then they realized that she's on this whole of these different anticholinergic medications. Um certain ones that um for diarrhea, you know, um not all of them, but certain ones uh are like that. You know, so people can be taking these and not realize that they're actually you know, completely um doing something contradictory to what you're trying to do by taking an Alzheimer's medication. >> Oh, wow. >> And it can mimic symptoms. They Oh, and and uh statins too are another one that can increase confusion. >> Yeah, and I'm curious about that too for people who don't have Alzheimer's. Do Does taking some of these drugs increase the risk for that? >> It It can increase their confusion. >> Yeah. Okay. >> They they can become uh confused and you know, people might think that they have dementia and maybe they don't. It could just be the medication. And when somebody goes on a statin, um and uh they can develop confusion while on a statin. If they stop it, it usually would go away. >> Okay. >> Yeah, I've heard of that. And so, what would you recommend for people as far as having a conversation with their doctors if they are on some of these drugs and concerned about that? I think they might point out point this out to their doctor. Um the American Geriatrics Association, they have a big um it's a full-length article that's available online uh about all of these different drugs. You know, there are other ones, too, that are worrisome, but you know, these are really kind of the most common um drugs, the ones that we've talked about, you know, that people need to worry about. But um like steroids, too, you know, taking prednisone over and over, it decreases glucose uptake into the part of the brain that uh where Alzheimer's starts. So, you're basically increasing insulin resistance or some something is going on. It's decreasing glucose uptake in these areas that really need a lot of glucose because it's a has to do with memory and learning. You know, um I I just I strongly advise like any physician who wants to learn more about this, all they need to do is look on PubMed and find American Geriatrics Association. Um it's it's a really uh they update it every so many years, you know, and they they talk at length about the different drugs and what kind of effects they can have in this way, you know, that may increase um may maybe worsen dementia or mimic, you know, dementia symptoms of dementia. Um not to mention other, you know, negative side effects for the elderly population. There are a lot of them. >> Yeah, so I mean, would you generally think that it's a good idea for people to be using these strategies as a prevention tool, and is there anyone that wouldn't benefit from this? >> Yeah. I can't think of too many people that wouldn't benefit. I mean, um some people like somebody who actually has liver failure, cirrhosis of the liver, >> um would not be able to um might not be able to make ketones where they're made in the liver from the oils. They might not be able to process that normally. And there are a few people that have like genetic defects that increase their their ketones. They could you know, go into ketoacidosis, but that those are really rare, you know, um so they're they're um really rare genetic mutations that somebody has that they're already prone to develop a ketosis. And um so people worry about diabetic ketoacidosis. They if they do coconut oil or MCT oil, uh are they going to um uh develop keep diabetic ketoacidosis? Well, number one, first you have to have type 1 diabetes um for that to happen. Um and possibly really severe type 2 diabetes on a lot of insulin. Um but basically, um what happens in diabetic ketoacidosis? Your blood glucose is extremely high. You have no insulin. So, this would really mainly apply to people with type 1 diabetes. Um that they might be in a situation where they have no insulin. They didn't give themselves their insulin dose basically. And um the ketone levels, the fat starts breaking down like the cells can't use glucose at all. Most cells when there's no insulin, they just can't use glucose. And um so the fat starts breaking down very rapidly. It starts pouring out, you know, ketones the liver does. And the ketone levels become extremely high. So, we talked about like a ketone ester getting it up to 5 millimoles. With diabetic ketoacidosis, it can get up to 20 25 millimoles. I mean, many many times higher. Coconut oil, 0.5. MCT oil, maybe 1 millimole. and we're talking massive amounts of ketones with diabetic ketoacidosis. So, taking something like coconut MCT oil, a low-carb diet, you know, exercise, things like that that induce ketones aren't going to put somebody into diabetic ketoacidosis. I mean, unless maybe you're a type 1 diabetic who hasn't taken their insulin and you're on the verge of it, you know, I just think that situation would be extremely unlikely. Um >> so, um that's, you know, basically uh one uh some people who might have to worry about it. You know, but basically, um if you take a ketone ester, um it does get your elevates the ketone levels very quickly. So, I um recommend that people not stack doses too close together because it can take several hours for that acid, you know, the acid from um the ketones um to actually go back to normal again, you know, uh if you stack the doses too much, you could push the ketone level into the range of ketoacidosis. Like, we're talking large doses. Like, um probably 30 to 50 g could put you into that range, and maybe taking that much again a couple hours later could really push up your ketone level too high. Which would not be good, but um it's different than ketoac- diabetic ketoacidosis because when you take a ketone ester, the level starts coming down very quickly. Like, an hour later, it will be quite a bit lower than it was when it peaked around 30, 35 minutes. you know, so it's temporary, but if somebody is in that situation, they probably should go to the emergency room. Not take a chance. Yeah. You know, But other than that, you know, I think you know, the the biggest problem I think in our world today, especially in the US, is the diet. And how poor it is, how loaded it is with sugar, how loaded it is with ultra-processed foods that have so many synthetic ingredients, um so much um high fructose corn syrup, and um fats that aren't so great for us and that type of thing. And you know, so I think uh kind of behooves everybody if they want to avoid getting dementia and age in a more healthy way, you know, to really look closely at their diet and just to cut out, you know, the the um unnecessary sugars, you know, that are in the diet. You know, sweets. >> Um it kind of depends on the sweetener. I think um like monk fruit seems to be okay. Um stevia is probably okay, you know. Um there's some worry um you know, um the the ones that are more synthetic, like erythritol has had some not such good um results in certain testing. And um there's concern that some of the um these sweeteners, even though they don't provide calories, they don't provide glucose, that they seem in some people to increase their insulin level, to send to spike their insulin level. I think that's something that's um a little bit individual in some ways. Um I I did a um I tend to use stevia mostly. uh I tried minimize it, you know. But um I used a a continuous monitor for 2 weeks. Which that's another thing that I think uh people might find a very interesting thing, you know, way to find out for themselves, to know, how they respond to what they're eating. And um it was uh it was really great. I I didn't seem to have any increase in glucose related to stevia at all. Um my levels I was very pleased because of the type of diet I I eat a really a whole food Mediterranean type diet, but um higher fat lower carb. Like I eat really minimal portions. Like if I have whole grains, it's a really small amount, like a quarter cup of whole grain rice or something like that. Part of a sweet potato maybe, you know, um but uh so my levels just kind of went just up a little bit after I ate and now just kind of floated along, you know, when somebody has a blood sugar spike after a high carb meal, it goes boy it just skyrockets, you know, and then tends to come down fairly quickly, too. And um I only had that happen one time in in the two weeks and it was I on purpose I did this because maybe twice a year when I go to a movie, I'll decide to have nachos. You know, the chips with the cheese. >> And I thought I just want to see what happens. And it spiked. It really spiked. I was shocked. It was like the only really big spike that I had during that whole two weeks. Okay. Okay. Well, that's not something I want to get in the habit of doing ever again. >> Yeah, it sounds like it's a really good way to get that feedback. >> Cuz you can document you know, what you've eaten, you know, the the um there's one that uh you can get on um Amazon. It's called Stelo. It's made by Dexcom, but it's for people who don't have diabetes. So, anybody can buy this they have an app to go with it and um you can um keep track on the app of what you've eaten or what changed something that you did, you know, to kind of see like exercise or something like that. Uh so, it's really a kind of a neat way to to really assess what you're doing, you know, how well you're doing, you know, with your diet. Um as far as your blood glucose control, it's really pretty cool. Um the one caution about it, it measures interstitial fluid, not blood. And that tends to run like 10 to 20 mg higher than your blood sugar. So, when I first put it on, I thought, "Wait a minute, my blood sugar's never this high." And And then I when I really read the instructions, it it pointed that out. It said um that that's you know, it's going to run higher than what your blood glucose does. >> Ah, good to know. Do you supplement with MCT and coconut oil yourself? >> all the other um exogenous ketone supplements, too. You know, so basically I eat the uh Mediterranean diet, low carb. I do overnight fasting uh for usually 14 hours or so, 14 to 16 hours. Um I usually don't eat after around 8:00 in the evening, and then my first kind of solid meal is around 12:00 or 1:00 in the afternoon. In the morning in my coffee, I put um it's MCT and coconut oil powder, which blends in really well. And um the overnight fast will put you into mild ketosis. Adding um an MCT, you know, like that or coconut oil and or MCT oil um will further increase your ketone level, and the longer you fast, the higher the level goes. Um so, I do that. I probably average about like somewhere between 3 and 5 Tbsp a day of coconut oil and or the coconut MCT mixture. I still make that for myself. I started doing all of this when Steve did. I thought if it could help somebody with Alzheimer's, it might be able to prevent it. And I have a really, really strong family history, both sides of my family, relatives that have had Alzheimer's. So, I've been doing this myself ever since. Um and then um the ketone supplements. So, I I tend not to favor one over the other. There's a number of them out there now. they're different price points. Some people can't stand the taste of one, they like the other, you know, um so, I uh I kind of um just take an approach where I use all of them. I try not to play favorites. You know, I have a lot of the people that only companies are really interested in what I do with them, you know. But, um so, I'll take, you know, ketone ester, you know, at one time. The flavor hasn't improved dramatically since uh my husband was taking it. And um it still isn't wonderful, but it's it's really not as very tolerable. So, I'll do um like KE4, you know, one day. Um there's another uh ketone ester. It's a combination of butane diol and C8, one of the MCTs. Um and that one is flavor is a comes as a flavorless powder. I don't know, do you want to talk brands or not? Would you rather or not? Yeah. Yeah. So, um KE4 is really the the the the um ester that my husband took um and that turned him around so well. And there are many anecdotal reports, some studies in progress, you know, um people with Alzheimer's taking um 5 g, 10 g and seeing improvement with it, you know. When Dr. Veech uh when we did it with my husband, it was 25 g three times a day. It was a really, really hefty dose. And it did get his levels up to like 4 to 5 millimoles. Um but you know, we didn't know if he needed that much or not, you know. We just didn't know where to start because he was the first one to ever get something like this. But I have reports from people taking just 5 or 10 g, you know, once or twice a day that are seeing improvements and then they they tend to up it. It's it's on the expensive side, so you know, people give some people give as much as they can afford, basically. >> Got you. >> And then um so this C8, this flavorless powder is really pretty amazing. Um it's uh C8, which is one of the medium-chain triglycerides linked to butanediol, which is one of the components of the ketone ester that Dr. Veech developed. And they linked it together as an ester. And um it's just a powder. You can mix it in coffee. So I'll have that sometimes. It's tiny bit bitter, but coffee's on the bitter side. It doesn't really change the taste that much. It's really pretty amazing. Um and then there's um there's another product uh called Kinetic where they mix the two components of Dr. Veech's ketone ester, but separately. They're just mixed together instead of linked together as a molecule. And and this one has kind of a a tart It works really well as kind of a tart drink. And um they've got a whole uh several different flavors out now, I believe. Um that one's called Kinetic and they're all available, you know, online. You can I think um Amazon carries them. Uh the flavorless powder is called Ketone. It's Q I T O N E. And you just ketone.com. >> It took me a minute when I saw the name, I thought I didn't even recognize it as ketone. It was Q I T O N E. And >> Gotcha. >> And um you know, the ketone salts, um the Pruvit company has a huge um number of flavors of ketone salts. So, these are the ketone um the main one that's um that you're trying to like during starvation, beta-hydroxybutyrate. Um but it's it's uh bound with um sodium, potassium, calcium, and magnesium. And uh there's another product, Keto Start, um also that um is very good that has all four of those minerals. Well, we need all of those minerals every day. So, it's kind of a great way to get ketones and get these minerals. Um so, there are and and there are a lot of different companies that come out with ketone salts, but I tend to um encourage taking the ones that have these four different electrolytes. So, it's like some are all sodium or all potassium. Well, that's not good. >> Mhm. >> Like if you have high blood pressure or you're on the verge of it, taking too much sodium can not be a great thing. It will sometimes increase blood pressure in people that are salt-sensitive, sodium-sensitive. >> Right. And then some people, like if you take one that's really high in potassium, uh especially older people, they might already be taking a potassium supplement, you know, taking diuretics or something like that. And it is possible to get too much potassium. It can be really harmful. So, um I I think it's better to use this more balanced approach, you know, getting uh sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium with a ketone salt product. There's kind of a limit to how much you can take because of these minerals that are in it. The levels aren't quite as high as you would get with a ketone ester. Like say, for the same, you You um like if you took the same amount of a ketone ester as a salt, you might go up to say four or five millimoles with the ketone ester and maybe one and a half or two with the ketone salt. You know, but it's still there still seems to be value to it and I you know, I kind of think of coconut and MCT oil as um part of the diet. You know, they are foods. They can be used as foods to help maintain like a more a constant level of ketones and using the ketone supplements to try to enhance like boost the level up, you know, for a period of time. They all of them last for several hours, you know, the ketone level before it comes back down again and you know, somebody that's having memory issues, I think, you know, they may be especially valuable, you know, for that situation, too. But a lot of athletes use them and um people have lost huge amount of weight taking these products as well. Um it they tend to ketones tend to suppress appetite, you know, so they in that way um can be really helpful, you know, for somebody that, you know, wants to lose weight and uh it helps increase lean muscle mass and decrease fat mass. Uh it's really pretty interesting. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah, it is. So, um how can people reach you for more information? >> Yeah, so I have a website. It's coconutketones.com. It's c o c o n u t k e t o n e s.com. No No y in ketones. And um I do have an email like a contact um that people can contact me through, you know, if they have questions and um I have links to all of my books on there. Um a whole bunch of information. I've had this website since 2008. there's a page for Alzheimer's and dementia. Uh there's another page for um basically ketogenic low-carb diets. There's a uh you can print out, you know, a low-carb diet um and um you know, links to the supplements, links to books that I recommend, you know, there's a whole bunch of stuff on it. Probably too much stuff on it. >> But great, it sounds like a lot of valuable resources for people wanting to know more. If they have questions or may even have a testimonial for you, they can reach you through that email. >> testimonials. People are still writing. Yeah. >> I love that. It's very inspiring to hear them all in your book. Well, Dr. Mary Newport, I want to thank you so much for your time today, for your wisdom and all the passion and enthusiasm that you have in carrying this very important valuable message forward. Thank you again for all that you do, your contributions. And then to >> Thank you, Danielle, for having me on, letting letting me to spread the message. Oh, absolutely. It's truly an honor to have you here today. And a special thank you to all of our listeners who tuned in. Please like, subscribe, share this video with people who you feel may benefit from it. And as always, take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fonpol4925 [2 likes]: Really useful conversation. Thank you so much for sharing
  2. @laddorcho [1 likes]: It worked within a few hours.

- Ketones, Coconut, & MCT Oil for Alzheimer's & Aging by Mary T Newport, M.D. - October 2024: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone I'm grateful to the aging and geontology 2024 scientific committee for the opportunity to give this video presentation on ketogenic strategies for Alzheimer's disease and other memory impairments this presentation we'll discuss ketones coconut oil MCT oil and the Brain including the risk factors and pathologies and Alzheimer's disease the history of the idea of using MCT oil for the brain the story of my husband Steve Newport who had early onset Alzheimer's disease and his response and the responses of 287 other people to coconut oil and MCT oil we will also discuss how medium chain fatty acids and ketones could benefit the Aging brain there are more details in my article which was published in April 2024 in medical research archives the Journal of the European Medical Society age is the greatest risk factor for Alzheimer's disease which affects about one3 of people who live past the age of 85 the greatest genetic risk factor is carrying the apoe4 gene which is present in about 25% of the population but about 40% of people who have Alzheimer's disease having one apoe4 gene increases the risk of developing Alzheimer's from about 5% to 12 to 15% but with two genes the risk is about 40% with greater likelihood of early on set dominantly inherited genes account for less than 2% of cases and people with Down Syndrome have a high risk of developing Alzheimer's by middle age having diabetes carries a 30% risk of developing dementia therefore a person should avoid developing pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes if possible which can be accomplished by eating a healthy whole food diet and limiting the intake of simple carbohydrates while increasing the amount of healthy fats consumed altime experts have reported that at least 40 to 50% of cases of dementia could be avoided by modifying lifestyle risk factors a poor diet and lack of exercise are the top two risk factors and you can see that there are many other avoidable lifestyle factors that can be corrected such as uncontrolled blood pressure smoking consuming too much alcohol head injury and certain infections humans have trillions of neurons and other types of brain cells called glea that protect nourish and maintain the neurons and nerves each of these types of cells is affected in Alzheimer's disease but can also be affected during the aging process to a late lesser degree the classic Hallmarks of Alzheimer's disease are plaques and tangles in the brain which were first described by Dr Alois Alzheimer in 1906 Dr Alzheimer also described abnormal lipid droplets which have only been studied for about 10 years soluble beta ameloid is a beneficial substance it is known to be antimicrobial but beta ameloid peptides can misfold and aggregate into plaques which can impinge on cells nerves synapses and blood vessels the plaques tend to appear in the brain and elderly people but in general these plaques are more abundant in people with Alzheimer's disease although this is not always the case some people with large amounts of plaque in the brain have normal cognition in Alzheimer's disease and in other types of neurodegenerative diseases neurofibrillary Tangles also develop in the brain these come about from hyper phosphorilation of tow protein which is an important component of the tubular structures in the axons and dendrites of neurons pet scans are available to look at the amounts of plaques and tangles in the brain and are sometimes used to predict Alzheimer's disease but are expensive and are most often used in Alzheimer's research more than 40 clinical trials of drugs that remove beta ameloid plaques have failed to improve cognition and some have worsened or accelerated the disease many other pathologies in the brain may occur during aging which are also more exaggerated in the Alzheimer's brain during middle age the brain begins to shrink a bit each year and this becomes very prominent in people with Alzheimer's disease therefore even younger adults need to start thinking about prevention of dementia as they age there is also deterioration of white matter with demyelination in Alzheimer's disease microglia and asites become hyperreactive and secrete inflammatory substances thereby producing neuroinflammation synapses are also damaged and lost abnormally large lipid droplets accumulate in app pendal cells around the ventricles and Studies have shown that enlarged lipid droplets may also be present in other gal cells insulin tends to accumulate within neurons that have neurofibrillary tangles in Alzheimer's there is suppression of neuro stem cell proliferation and differentiation insulin resistance with abnormal glucose uptake into the brain and brain cells as well as mitochondrial dysfunction with oxidative stress and low ATP production can occur with aging but is also much more exaggerated in Alzheimer's disease we will focus on in more detail on these last two points during this presentation cells in including brain cells require fuel to produce the energy molecule adenosine triphosphate or ATP which is produced by way of the tricarboxylic acid cycle and electron transport within mitochondria the brain is only about 2 or 3% of our total body weight but the brain is an extremely active tissue even while we are sleeping and requires about 20 to 25% of the energy that humans consume neurons can contain a thousand or more mitochondria to produce the energy that they require this slide shows the difference between a normal glucose pet scan and a scan in the Alzheimer's brain the yellow and red areas are areas of high glucose uptake into the brain and it is obvious that there is much less glucose uptake in the Alzheimer brain there are several factors that contribute to this including insulin resistance and deficiency mitochondrial dysfunction pyruvate dehydrogenase complex one deficiency and deficiencies in glucose 1 and three Transporters which allow glucose to enter the brain and neurons it seems almost like there is a conspiracy of getting glucose into the brain without adequate fuel the brain cells and Alzheimer's malfunction and may eventually die this problem with glucose may be present for decades before symptoms appear glucose is a predominant fuel for the brain and other organs and people on a typical high carbohydrate diet however glucose is not the only fuel we can use use humans are programmed by Evolution to switch to the use of alternative fuels during starvation when glucose stores have been used up glucose can be produced by way of gluconeogenesis from lactate and the amino acids from muscle breakdown but humans would die within one to two weeks if we did not have fat however we can survive starvation much longer by using fat for fuel when glucose stores are used up fat and adapost tissue is broken down into fatty acids which can fuel most organs but are not taken up readily into the brain however some of these fatty acids are converted to ketones in the liver which are easily taken up by the brain and brain cells to use as fuel nutrition researchers in the lab of Dr George kahill Jr first described the phenomenon in 1966 that during starvation ketones provide about 2third of the fuel for the brain the level of beta hydroxy berate in particular becomes quite elevated within 10 days of starvation Dr Steven Kain and his Associates at sherbrook University in Canada have focused extensively on keton aging and Alzheimer's disease using glucose and Ketone PET Imaging in adults of all ages including cognitively healthy older adults as well as those with mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease kunan and group have shown that Ketone uptake is normal in the same areas of the brain affected by Alzheimer's disease which supports the idea of using ketones as an alternative fuel for the Alzheimer's brain has suggested that many neurons in the affected areas of the brain may be lying dormant and not dead as once believed and are like cars with empty gas takes waiting to be filled with fuel to run again using dual Tracer Ketone and glucose PET Imaging and more than 300 young and older adults doors kunan and Associates have identified a brain energy gap in cognitively healthy older adults of 7 to 9% that worsens in mild cognitive impairment to 10% and further accelerates and Mild Alzheimer's disease to 20% or greater in one experiment kunan and group used glucose and Ketone PET Imaging in people before and after 6 weeks of a ketogenic diet and show that certain areas of the brain take up ketones preferentially when glucose and ketones are both available kunan and group have also reported that the percentage of energy provided to the brain by ketones correlates directly with levels of ketones in the blood in the benefit ific trial of 65 people consuming C8 C10 MCT oil 15 gam twice daily for 6 months Kun Group found that there is increased energy from ketones after consuming MCT oil and that 30 gram of MCT oil daily could provide about 5 to 10% of the energy requirement of the brain the trial also showed that people with mild cognitive impairment consuming MCT oil had improved cognition in multiple domains that ketones are taken up by white matter and that the uptake of ketones in the dorsal attention Network correlated with improvements in processing speed this study also found a reduction in plasma cardi metabolic and inflammatory biomarkers and found no differences in results for people who did and did not have the apoe4 gene this slide shows a number of articles that summarize studies and mechanisms of coconut ketones and MCT oil for Alzheimer's disease where did the idea come from for using MCT oil for people with Alzheimer's disease until the late 1950s the medium chain triglyceride C8 and C10 were considered waste products when coconut oil was separated and the more valuable fatty acids were sold to use as surfactants disinfectants and emulsifiers for example potential therapeutic benefits of medium chain fatty acids were studied intensively in the 1960s and investigators found that MCTS were digested and absorbed very easily and could be used to treat people with intestinal malabsorption syndromes and malnutrition I became familiar with MCT oil while I was in training in Pediatrics and newborn intensive care in the late 1970s and early 1980s we would add MCT oil to the feedings of our tiniest premature newborns and they would gain weight faster and go home sooner formula manufactur ERS began to add MCTS to premature infant formulas and also coconut oil because it contains the MCTS found in human milk we also had a lipid Emulsion that was half MCT oil and half soybean oil that could be given intravenously to newborns who could not drink human milk or formula many other beneficial uses were found for MCT oil and finally in the early 2000s MCT was considered as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's disease and other neurod deener generative disorders in 1966 it was discovered in the lab of Dr Theodore van Italy and his associates that following consumption medium chain triglycerides are taken up by way of the portal vein directly to the liver and are partially converted to ketones this will happen even if a meal with carbohydrates is consumed at the same time three ketones are produced when MCTS appear in the liver and are converted to acetal co-enzyme a ketones are also produced from longchain fatty acids during fasting or starvation or when a person consumes a high fat low carbohydrate ketogenic diet which has been used since 1921 to successfully eliminate or reduce seizures in people with drug-resistant epilepsy MCTS are first converted to acetoacetate which can then be converted to Beta hydroxy butyrate which is the main Ketone circulating in the blood a keto acetate can also be converted to acetone which circulates in the blood but then is mostly exhaled ketones are small molecules that easily cross the bloodb brain barrier and can provide fuel to brain cells as well as to other organs except in the liver where they are made this diagram illustrates that glucose and ketones can be taken up into mitochondria to produce ATP by way of the TCA cycle and electron transport glucose requires insulin either directly or indirectly ly to enter cells and eventually to enter the mitochondria whereas ketones do not require insulin when there is insulin resistance glucose is not taken up normally into cells however ketones can bypass the problem of insulin resistance and enter the cell and mitochondria medium chain triglycerides are not found in the most commonly consumed vegetable oils and fats such as olive oil soybean oil canola oil and even fish oil however coconut and palm kernel oil are the richest natural sources of MCTS MCTS are also found in the milk fat of mammals including humans goats and cows and therefore MCTS are present in whole milk cream and full fat cheeses this is my hero Dr Richard V who worked on the TCA cycle during his PhD training at Oxford University with Dr Hans KBS and then spent his entire career at the national Institutes of Health in the US Dr V was a world expert on ketones until he died at age 84 Dr V took great interest in helping my husband and I very grateful for the many years he helped us in the early 1990s Dr vich became interested in studying the possible therapeutic uses of ketones and was the first to develop an exogenous Ketone supplement a ketone mon monoester of beta hydroxy berate and 13 butane dial which can rapidly and substantially increase beta hydroxy butyrate levels Dr V's Ketone monoester came on the market in the US in 2018 and is also available in the UK the first experiment showed that beta hydroxy mate improves the pumping efficiency of the heart while requiring less oxygen and that ketones mimic many of the properties of insulin when glucose and insulin levels are low Beach and his associates also learned that keton suppress the production of react oxygen species and act as scavengers of reactive oxygen species and are therefore anti-inflammatory the first studies of ketones and brain by Dr vich group was published in 2000 and was an invitro study of neurons that were subjected to either a toxin that causes Alzheimer's or one that causes Parkinson's disease cultures were incubated with beta hydroxy berate or a control vehicle compared to controls the neurons grown with beta hydroxy butat survived were larger and had more outgrowth of neurites suggesting that beta hydroxy berate is neuroprotective and could provide a therapy for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's as a result of the studies Dr vich and others wrote several hypothesis papers between 2001 and 2004 proposing that Ketone therapy could be beneficial in diseases that have decreased glucose uptake into cells insulin resistance and mitochondrial dysfunction including the many disorders that are listed on the slide shortly after the beach group paper was published in 2000 Dr Samuel Henderson patented the idea that ketones produced by consuming MCT oil might be adequate to improve cognition in Alzheimer's disease and developed a medical food that would be tested leading to FDA recognition as a medical food in a pilot study nine of 20 people had improved scores on cognitive testing after receiving a single 40 G dose of C8 compared to another day on which they received a placebo a second study of 152 people showed similar significant Improvement at 45 and 90 days and people who were given C8 compared to controls in both studies people who were apoe4 negative as a group improved on average whereas those who were apoe4 positive did not improve when their results were combined however an author later shared with me that some apoe4 positive individuals did in fact improve a press release about Dr Henderson's studies gave me the idea to use coconut oil for my husband Steve my work as a neonatologist was very demanding with many emergency calls to the hospital Steve voluntarily worked from home as an accountant for my medical practice which allowed him to always be available for our children Steve made it possible for me to be both a mother and a doctor and I am deeply grateful to him for that in 2001 at age 51 Steve began to have problems making payroll errors missing tax deadlines and then he couldn't remember if he'd been to the bank or post office Steve had depression and his doctor believed that his memory problems were related to depression by 2004 his memory problems worsened and he scored only 23 of 30 points on the minial status exam other causes were ruled out and Steve was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease despite taking two Alzheimer's medications Steve continued to worsen by 2008 Steve was 58 years old and was declining rapidly he had many of the symptoms both physical and cognitive that are shown on the slide in May 2008 two new clinical trials for a vaccine and an oral medication that removed beta ameloid plaque became available at Alzheimer's research centers near us and Steve was scheduled at two different centers on two successive days the evening before the first screening I searched the internet for the risks and benefits of the two clinical trial drugs and by chance came upon the press release for a new medical food called ac122 which was not yet recognized by the FDA which claimed to improve memory and cognition in nearly half of the people with Alzheimer's who received it I found their patent application and learned that the only active ingredient in the medical food was the medium chain triglyceride oil C8 the patent application also included information that was new to me that Alzheimer's is a type of Diabetes of the brain in 2005 and 2008 Suzanne delaman and Mark wand at Brown University in the US reported that the brains of people with Alzheimer's who did not have type 1 or type 2 diabetes IES showed insulin deficiency and insulin resistance and that this process is present in the earliest stages of Alzheimer's and worsens with each stage of the disease until it is widespread and severe the patent application for ac122 discussed ketones as an alternative fuel the V group studies of beta hydroxy berate and the Henderson group studies of MCT oil I recognized MCT oil because I had used the oil in the feedings of my tiniest premature patients in the 1980s the patent application mentioned that MCT oil is extracted from coconut oil which gave me the idea for how to help my husband since I did not know whether MCT o was readily available hours after I finished reading the patent application Steve was screened for the vaccine clinical trial and scored a very disappointing 14 out of 30 points on the mini mental status exam and did not qualify for the study Steve drew a clock BL a specific test for Alzheimer's disease and you can see that he drew a few random circles and a few numbers that were not organized like a clock we were advised that he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's we were very disappointed and on the way home I thought what do we have to lose and bought coconut oil at a health food store when we returned home I found the fatty acid composition of coconut oil on a USDA website I learned that coconut oil contains about 60 % medium chain fatty acids with chain links from C6 to C12 and estimated that about 35 gram of coconut oil would be equal to the 20 G dose used in the second clinical trial of the medical food ac122 the following morning Steve received 35 gram of coconut oil with his breakfast and warm oatmeal about 4 hours later during the second clinical trial screening Steve scored 18 out of 30 points on the mini metal status exam Four Points better than the day before and this time he qualified to be in the clinical trial every morning after that I gave Steve 35 grams of coconut oil for breakfast however I had read in the patent application that the Ketone levels after taking MCT oil Peak at about 90 minutes and the ketones are back to Baseline at 3 hours since the brain needs fuel 24 hours a day I began to add coconut oil to the other meals Steve had many improvements during just the first few days and here is a visual example as a reminder the slide showed the clock that Steve drew the day before he started consuming coconut oil this is a clock that Steve Drew 14 days after starting coconut oil you can see that is messy but much more organized there is now one large Circle and all 12 numbers are present there are many extra lines and Steve said he drew the lines to try to place the numbers across from each other on the clock this is the clock that Drew 37 days after starting coconut oil it is tidier and there are not as many extra lines on the clock Steve said he felt like a light bulb came on in his brain the day that he started consuming coconut oil this slide shows the many improvements that Steve experienced during the first days weeks and months some of the most significant were that by two months he was able to tie his shoes again and his gate was now normal and he could run again Steve had not been able to read for about 1 and 1/2 years but at 3 and 1/2 months after starting coconut oil he was able to read again he explained that the words would Shake around on the page when he was trying to read and that the shaking had stopped about one week after Steve started consuming coconut oil I began to telephone Ketone expert Dr Richard vich who did not believe the Ketone levels would be high enough from consuming coconut or MCT oil to help someone with Alzheimer's disease he had shared with me that he was developing a ketone monoester that could increase Ketone levels 10 times higher at two weeks I then fax the copies of Steve's first two clocks to Dr Vach who was quite surprised and he sent me his hypothesis papers other studies and he connected me with other Ketone researchers several weeks later Dr V measured Steve's Ketone levels before and for 3 hours after taking 35 grams of coconut oil at breakfast and then at dinner the slide showed that acetoacetate levels were higher than beta hydroxy berate levels and reached a peak of about 0.35 moles of total ketones after the second dose although the levels still appear to be increasing 3 hours after that dose about 2 weeks later Dr be suggested measuring Ketone levels again after taking a 20 G dose of C8 MCT oil in the morning along with the second subject Steve's levels are shown in black on the slide after the MCT oil beta hydroxy berate levels were higher than the acetoacetate levels and total ketones peaked at about 1 and 1/2 hours at 0.45 milles thereafter I began to provide steeve with both coconut and MCT oil the amount of MCT oil Steve was consuming was gradually increased he did not tolerate much C8 therefore I used a C8 C10 MCT oil and experimented with mixing the oil with virgin coconut oil the rationale for the mixture was to obtain higher levels of ketones provided by MCT but more prolonged levels provided by coconut oil along with other beneficial fats and substances in coconut oil such as LC acid which I had Learned was antimicrobial I believe that the mixture might help Steve sustain nearly constant ketosis I found that Steve tolerated a ratio of MCT to coconut oil of 4 to3 and the oils in the mixture did not separate and the mixture remained Li at room temperature the mixture Blended very well into many cold and warm Foods over several months Steve's intake of the oils was slowly increased the 45 gram three times a day with his meals and then 30 gram before bedtime which seemed to help him sleep better Steve consumed much less fruit bread pasta and other carbohydrates and was effectively on a ketogenic diet Steve tried again for the first clinical trial and scored 20 points on the mmse he had his choice of which clinical trial to enter and we chose an oral medication called seasat which was a crossover trial we advised the director of the research institute that Steve was taking coconut and MCT oil and the doctor was familiar with this idea because the group had participated in the ac122 clinical trial and allowed Steve to participate in this trial we were later advised that Steve was on the placebo for 18 months therefore the improvements he experienced during that time were almost certainly related to taking coconut and MCT oil in the ketogenic diet during the first year of the clinical trial Steve had improvements in his scores by six of 75 points on the Alzheimer's disease assessment scale cognitive and by 14 of 78 points on the activities of daily living test at the time of the Alzheimer's diagnosis in 2004 Steve's MRI was reported as normal however in 2008 when he entered the clinical trial there was moderate to severe atrophy most obvious in the hippocampus and amydala 2 years after starting coconut oil in 2010 there was no increase in atrophy on the MRI we now know that Steve crossed over to seasat in January of 2010 and within 6 weeks had a change in his hair color along with many adverse effects shown on the slide as well as the return of some of his previous symptoms but also new symptoms of Alzheimer's disease Steve withdrew from the study and we later learned that semag gasat was found to accelerate all Alzheimer's disease I was in frequent contact with Dr V and toxicity had been completed on the Ketone monoester with minimal adverse effects reported Dr V suggested a pilot study of the Ketone monoester in which Steve would be the only participant Steve began with 22 grams of Ketone monoester three times a day within two hours of the first dose Steve's mood improved and he could sing and write out the entire alphabet again before before receiving the Ester Steve required step-by-step assistance to take a shower shave and brush his teeth the day after the first dose Steve was able to take a shower shave and brush his teeth without assistance and we saw complete reversal of the new and old symptoms within several days to six weeks of starting the Ketone monoester Steve told me that he felt good he had more energy was happier and that it was easier for him to do things which I agreed with based on my observations Steve remained stable for about 20 more months before having another set back in the disease Dr V believed that we should aim for beta hydroxy berate levels of 4 to 5 Mill moles which on testing was achieved with a dosage of about 25 gram which Steve received three times daily thereafter in early 2015 I was pleased to be the first author on a Case report published in the journal Alzheimer's and Dementia which detailed Steve's dramatic Improvement while taking coconut and MCT oil over a 2-year period as well as his Improvement and stabilization for 20 more months while taking Dr V's Ketone monoester sadly in 2013 Steve had fallen and hit his head due to a generalized seizure lasting 20 minutes with apnea and cyanosis and became completely dependent thereafter he continued to receive ketogenic therapies however Steve passed away on January 2nd of 2016 Steve donated his brain in his autopsy report showed that he had passed away from Advanced Alzheimer's disease as well as Louis body dementia which has many symptoms of Parkinson's disease now I would like to tell you about an analysis of a collection of 288 anecdotal reports of people with impairments and their responses to coconut and MCT oil back to 2008 I believe that since Steve had improved so much while taking coconut oil other people with Alzheimer's would also improve and it became my mission to try to get the message out I wrote to politicians the media and many others including the Alzheimer's Association telling them about ac122 and I wrote a white paper about Steve's Improvement and the urgent need to study coconut oil MCT oil and especially Dr V's Ketone Esther which had not yet received funding for studies of Alzheimer's from the NIH a newspaper AR icle went viral and not long after I began to receive reports mostly from caregivers about the responses of people with Alzheimer's and other memory impairments to taking coconut oil and or MCT oil after accumulating about 40 reports I began to enter the data on an Excel spreadsheet since the information could be helpful in acquiring funding for studies the writers were not prompted as to what improvements they might expect but if they reported in simple terms that the person improved I would ask them to provide more details between late 2008 and mid 2014 I had collected 360 anecdotal reports of which 288 were about people who had memory impairment related to dementia or another disorder I finally had an opportunity to present these anecdotal case reports in a poster presentation at the alimer association International Conference in Amsterdam in July of 2023 in April of 2024 I had the opportunity to published this study along with information about ketones and medium chain fatty acids in a special Alzheimer's issue of medical research archives I do not consider this a scientific study since I believe more people would write to me if they had a positive response than if they had no response however many people reported that they saw no improvement I tabulated from the reports how many people reported Improvement no improvement or stabilization for at least 3 months as well as what types of improvements they reported verbatim phrases from the emails as shown on the slide were used to further categorize the types of improvements reported the ages range from 33 to 94 years with slightly more females than males and the breakdown of diagnoses and other conditions reported are shown on slide altogether there were 288 reports with Steve Newport as the index case of the 28 88 people 72% consumed only coconut oil 26% coconut and MCT oil and 4% MCT oil only overall 89.2% reported Improvement 7.3% no improvement and 2 4% no improvement but stabilization for at least 3 months many people reported more than one Improvement and you can see on the slide that about 2third of the people reported improvements in memory and cognition about one3 reported Improvement in their speech language and verbal skills one-third reported improvements in social interaction Behavior or mood about a quarter reported that they had been able to resume self-care or other activities and almost 20% reported Improvement in physical symptoms as well as a small percent reporting improvements in in sleep appetite or Vision some people have stayed in touch and have reported sustained Improvement for up to 10 years this shows that there are other types of symptoms involved in alzer's disease Beyond memory and cognition that could improve by consuming coconut or MCT oil Improvement in symptoms and especially in the ability to take care of one's daily needs can be very meaningful for people affected by memory impairment as well as their families and caregivers we will now discuss other factors related to ketones coconut and medium chain triglycerides that could be beneficial to the brain in addition to providing ketones as fuel to the brain beta hydroxy butyrate from consuming MCT oil has been shown by several groups of investigators to reduce brain inflammation by way of inhibiting the nlrp3 inflammosome and by acting as an antioxidant to reduce production of reactive oxygen species and by acting as scavengers of free radicals beta hydroxy berate was also shown to prevent perforation of neurons by Beta ameloid in an invitro study by Yin and others consumption of beta hydroxy berate was also shown to reduce the amount of beta ameloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles in the brain decreased anxiety and preserved cognition compared to controls in studies of Alzheimer's Mouse models conducted by Dr V's group and the study was confirmed separately by woo others in the US there are various MCT oil products now available including C8 alone or various mixtures of C8 C10 and C12 along with Dr V's Ketone monoester and other types of Ketone Esters Ketone salts and mixtures coconut oil contains about half C12 and 12 to 15% of C6 to C10 combined conversion to ketones is most rapid for C6 and C8 followed by C10 and hours later by C12 even though the peak Ketone level is lower for coconut oil than for MCT the the slow conversion of ketones could make ketones more available continuously to the brain C8 and C10 are known to cross the bloodb brain barrier and to directly fuel the TCA cycle in asites and therefore these medium chain fatty acids can also provide an alternative fuel for the brain it is not yet certain whether C12 crosses the bloodb brain barrier and hopefully such a study will be completed soon C10 has been shown to promote multiplication of mitochondria which would increase the availability of ATP as well as thousands of proteins produced in mitochondria C10 also has an anticonvulsant activity that is equally effective to the anticonvulsant medication valproic acid a group in the UK has developed an 80% C10 MCT oil called Kavita to treat people with epilepsy a study was performed by a group in Japan to understand more about how coconut oil might have helped my husband Steve despite relatively low blood levels of ketones in a study of mice levels of C12 after consuming coconut oil were found to be quite high and to persist for hours longer than levels of C8 and C10 after consuming MCT oil C8 C12 and c18 a long chain fat that does not cross the bird brain barrier were also found to stimulate Ketone production directly in vitro in kt5 Mouse asites the results of these two experiments suggested that C12 could be more available to the brain because of the higher Peak levels and much longer presence of C12 in the blood if this is proven in Vivo and C12 is confirmed across the blood brain barrier this suggests that C12 may have a more direct ketogenic effect within the brain loric acid is also known to be highly antimicrobial to a variety of bacteria viruses fungi spites and protozoa C12 has been shown to kill many of the microorganisms such as herpes simplex that have been implicated in hundreds of studies as possible causes or contributor to Alzheimer's disease liic acid represents about 6% of the fat in human breast milk and is known to help protect the newborn from infection there are many commercial applications for liic acid and monol Lauren as antimicrobial agents in medical and Veterinary applications and for uses in oral care products soaps and disinfectants in Alzheimer's activated microglia release nitric oxide and pro-inflammatory cyto kindes which promote increases in the other neuropathologies like plaques Tangles and insulin resistance nishimura at all studied activated Mouse microglia and found that exposure to C12 in vitro suppress the production of nitric oxide reactive oxygen species and pro-inflammatory cyto kindes and suppress phagocytosis es schic stroke increases blood glucose acutely and produces toxin X glucose metabolites with poor utilization of glucose as an energy source as well as oxidative stress especially in small blood vessels in a mouse model of es schic stroke with elevated blood glucose Shahar and others found that the presence of C12 increased the diameter of blood vessels promoted the growth of new blood vessels and stabilized barrier functions which reduced the extent of damage in the brain a study by kenti at all found that middle-aged and older people in Italy who had moderate consumption of MCTS especially C12 and short chain fatty acids were less likely to have cognitive impairment they also reported that people with low blood levels of asil carnitines containing medium chain fatty acids including C12 and the short chain fatty acid to hydroxybutyric acid were more likely to have Alzheimer's and a lower volume of prefrontal gray matter in 2020 Dr Ralph Martins of Australia and his group published a review of the potential of coconut oil for prevention and treatment of Alzheimer's disease in addition to the ketogenic effect they reported that virgin coconut oil is also rich in anti-inflammatory and antioxidant polyphenols and that a substance in virgin coconut oil was shown to protect survival of neurons and suppress mitochondrial alterations in neurons exposed to Beta amalo Fernando and others have also reported that people with the apoe4 gene consuming coconut oil were found to have improved cognition on the minim mental status exam compared to people who are apoe4 negative and the people in another group consuming canola oil in addition both oil groups had average reductions in total and LDL cholesterol however the people with the apoe4 gene consuming coconut oil had larger reductions in their total and LDL cholesterol levels this is the opposite of what was found in Dr Samuel Henderson's MCT oil studies the reason for this difference is not yet known for decades dietary guidelines have advised voiding consumption of tropical oils due to their High saturated fat content coconut oil is high in saturated fat but about 2third of the saturated fatty acids are the medium chain fatty acids shown in light and dark blue on the slide which are digested and absorbed differently and have different biological properties than longchain fatty acids of the oils and fats shown only milk fat contains significant amounts of MCTS one of the most common questions about coconut oil is whether consuming it will increase serum cholesterol levels I'm currently working on a paper with Dr Fabian derit on an analysis of 984 sets of lipid profiles drawn at Baseline and after consuming coconut oil and 792 distinct individuals participating in studies lasting 3 weeks to 2 years which were were conducted between 1985 and 2024 as you can see the average differences between Baseline and final values for total cholesterol LDL cholesterol and triglycerides were below baseline or less than 1% above Baseline for all groups combined as well as for short medium and long duration studies for beneficial hdlc the average values were above Baseline for all studies combined as well as for short medium and long duration studies however it is important to note that the standard deviations were quite large in many of the studies indicating that the response of a given individual could be highly variable the variation in response was greatest for short duration studies suggesting that any change might be temporary therefore if an individual's cholesterol level is a concern it would be reasonable to monitor the lipid profile periodically if coconut oil consumption is initiated this table shows the typical increase in Ketone levels with a given ketogenic strategy including those we have already discussed as well as fasting moderately vigorous exercise caffeine Branch chain amino acids and Ketone salts doctors and people with diabetes often worry that taking coconut or MCT oil could cause diabetic keto acidosis but this is extremely unlikely because the Ketone levels are many times lower than those that occur in diabetic keto acidos is which is a condition in which insulin is not available and blood glucose levels are extremely high however it may be possible to develop temporary keto acidosis not due to diabetes from consuming too much Ketone Esther or too many high doses close together but the level should come down spontaneously very quickly you can obtain an eight-page list of references and fulllength articles on studies and reviews on ketones coconut oil MCT oil for Alzheimer's and other disorders by going to the scientific research articles page on my website here are my website social media links and books thank you so much for your kind attention to this presentation

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertPickeringBucketList69 [6 likes]: Thank-you... this is GOLD!
  2. @manuelteixeira2496 [5 likes]: It is a very good presentation AND VERY WELL EXPLAINED.
  3. @sheikn312 [5 likes]: Informative Thanks for sharing:)
  4. @manuelteixeira2496 [3 likes]: Very well explanation.
  5. @ccamire [2 likes]: Really like your last slide on keto strategy and explained the impact on ketones
  6. @marynewport6820 [2 likes]: MCTs are available that are extracted by distillation without chemicals..Look for organic certified MCT.
  7. @2009glories [2 likes]: thank  you for caring enough to share
  8. @CherylMcduff [2 likes]: I love listening to your videos   thank you
  9. @lyl5602 [1 likes]: Well done .Thank. u
  10. @jetsetter8541 [1 likes]: Very, very long time ago MCT was made by fractional distillation of coconut oil. NOT ANYMORE  and now we get the QUICKY  Hexane solvent derived MCT with variable amount of Hexane in the MCT we buy .
  11. @glenliesegang233: 30:17. She presents 288 patients with dementia and other memory disorders, and their responses.
  12. @glenliesegang233: Summary please?
  13. @ostinspace: Brilliant thankyou.
  14. @noelklint7619: ...you're the best...period!!
  15. @ChrisGroggyCreaser: MCT C8 Oil is VERY Good for us!!... :)
  16. @DangerZone-w6y: Research is indicating that the onset of Alzheimers starts about 10-ish years (maybe more) before signs start to appear.  We need to address why or how this is happening.  My money says it's vastly related to the crap/poison foods we've all been told were good for us or OK to eat.  We can thank the Big Pharma Complex and all their criminal associates.. Big Ag, food mfg'rs, -it's a long list! I'd say.. sugars/high carb food/processed foods, seed oils all play a key role in this horrid disease and yet that's exactly the type of food that's been pushed on the public for decades.
  17. @DangerZone-w6y: Type III Diabetes = Alzheimers
  18. @labbe52: 💯❤

- Mary Newport, M.D. | Brain Fuel: How Coconut Oil and MCTs Can Transform the Alzheimer's Brain: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] without further Ado Dr Newport thank you so much for coming on the show oh you are very welcome people who aren't familiar with your work uh i' just like to introduce you to to to the audience and and I hope I haven't missed anything here you are a medical doctor who's board certified Pediatric and neology to try and rehearse that word um and you also the found the medical director of two newborn intensive care units and in 2008 you were sort of famous and renowned for your intervention um of exogenous Ketone and a ketogenic diet on your late husband Steve and his battle with Alzheimer Alzheimers yes you've also written four books with a tentative fifth on the way and really excited to have you here yeah it's really nice good to have me here Ben really great to meet you well the F me so um just to start with uh with your in 2008 what very sad diagnosis of your husband's then with uh sort of early on set Alzheimer's what led you to take mans into your own hands and into intervene with the ketogenic diet and exogenous ketones as well yeah yeah so um I was always um keeping my eye open for new research new drugs and basically in our area we had two new clinical trials for Alzheimer's come along and these were both drugs that removed plaques from the brain and helped prevent build up of further plaques which is the Hallmark of Alzheimer's disease um these beta amalo plaques in the brain um Steve was um he had been an accountant he had deteriorated quite a lot from 2004 when he was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's to 2008 and he was uh there's seven stages of Alzheimer's and he was kind of between the fifth and sixth stage he was quite far along in the process already um and going downhill fairly quickly so in May of 2008 there were two new clinical trials that became available in our area and I was able to set up appointments at two different centers for testing you know for these two different drugs two days in a row uh which was fortuitous because of what happened and the night before the first screening I got online I was looking for the risk and benefits of these Two drugs and I happened on a press release about a medical food that was going to come out in about a year and they had done clinical trials and the first uh pilot study of 20 people in which they took either this ac122 or a placebo on one day and two two weeks later they took the opposite you know they found it um nine out of 20 people had Improvement in their memory and cognitive testing score or which you never hear with Alzheimer's drugs that people actually improve with regard to memory and cognition so I thought what is it it didn't really explain much about what it was so I found their patent application and I learned that it was just um an MCT oil medium chain triglyceride oil called C8 and uh I was familiar with MCT oil because as a neonatologist which is a newborn special specialist I worked in newborn intensive care units we would add um MCT oil to the feedings of our tiniest pries babies that were under a kilo birth weight and they would get some of this with each feeding and they would gain weight they'd go home faster they absorbed it really well and it was also in intravenous lipids that we gave to these uh babies who couldn't eat you know um when they were in the Intensive Care Unit so I knew CT oil was he that because um so you had exposure to it with you with um with babies is that is there's a portion of breast milk which is made up of is that right yeah about SE uh somewhere between 10 and 177% of the fats in human breast milk are medium chain triglycerides wow so um adding this MCT provides these medium chain triglycerides that other oils you know like soy Bean Olive you know just the the oils people usually use have no medium chain triglycerides in it but breast milk does and milk fat does too other milk you know from cows goats por sheep MCTS so um part of the reason they add the MCT is to provide these missing fatty acids you know to these babies while they can't receive breast milk um and you know then uh infant uh formula manufacturer started actually add add it to all infant formulas um in the form of MCT directly MCT oil and or coconut oil and this was in the mid 1980s that they started doing this if you look on the labels now you'll still see coconut oil on ever virtually every um infant formula commercial infant formula and sometimes Palm kernel oil which has a similar profile a little bit less of the medium chains but still a significant amount of it so sometimes Palm kernel oil and um so you know I was kind of intrigued okay this is MCT oil I know what this is you know um I wasn't sure if it was available just in hospitals or not but the idea behind it has to do with um a problem that happens in Alzheimer's brain 10 to 20 years maybe even longer before a person even has symptoms there is a problem of insulin resistance in the brain and some other deficiencies in certain like uh glucose transport ERS and uh things like that that um decrease the uptake of glucose into the brain and into brain cells and and this um it has been documented on um they call it an fdg pet it's a glucose uptake pet scan they've known this since the 1980s that there's this problem with glucose uptake in the brain so every cell needs fuel and if you're on a typical diet glucose provides is a predominant fuel you know that we use for our brain and other organs um so on a typical American diet maybe a typal typical UK diet I don't know tends to be higher in carb you know we've been told to eat lowfat diet for a long time and um so an alternative fuel to glucose for the brain are ketones and this happens if you're eating a low carb higher fat diet you can be in ketosis um but you know it was studied back in the 1960s when they were um trying to understand starvation and how the brain survives long periods of starvation uh Dr George kahill Jr um they published studies showing that during prolonged starvation that you start breaking down fat most organs in the body can use fatty acids from the fat and um however it doesn't cross the bloodb brain barrier very well so these fatty acids don't get to the brain very well um so some of those are converted two ketones in the liver and then ketones are very tiny molecules are actually smaller than a glucose molecule and they cross the blood rain barrier they're taken up by brain cells they don't require insulin like glucose does require insulin either directly or indirectly to get into the brain and to get into brain cells ketones don't so this I problem you know with Alzheimer's of insulin resistance and getting glucose into the brain and brain cells can be bypassed by providing ketones as a fuel so the cool thing about medium chain triglycerides is when you consume them no matter what you eat some of that will be converted to ketones so this was really a brilliant idea um that uh Dr Samuel Henderson had uh this was around 2000 that he filed a patent application for using MCT oil to provide ketones a level of ketosis that he thought might help improve memory and cognition in people with Alzheimer's so this first pilot study they did was in 2004 which was the year my husband was diagnosed I it was in an obscure Journal I didn't see it never heard a thing about it um and then their second study U 152 people um bore out the findings you know nearly half of the people who took it for at 45 days 90 days and some extended to six months almost half of them had cognitive Improvement um and it was sustained over time as well uh some of them were back to Baseline after six months but they had gained in between so they had not declined you know below where they started out you know even at six months so I thought wow this is really something and in the patent application they mentioned that it was extracted from coconut oil or Palm kernel oil and um didn't know that MCT oil was already available online I thought maybe this was something that you could get in a hospital perhaps you know but I knew I could get coconut oil so anyway um the uh this I'm reading about all of this it's about 1:00 am in the morning Steve scheduled my husband for his first screening um about an hour away at 9:00 am so I had to kind of um couldn't do a thing about it couldn't get anything that had coconut oil or C oil in it and so we went for the screening and he needed to get at least 16 points on a 30-point test called the mini mental status exam and um he didn't he scored only 14 points and he needed 16 to qualify so we were really disappointed the doctor asked him to um draw a clock the clock test and uh I can show you try to show you what his clock CL looked like so if you can imagine that that is supposed to be a clock so a few little circles and a few numbers very disorganized and the doctor told me he's on the verge of severe Alzheimer's and I knew that you know but to see it visually was really profoundly disturbing and distressing um so on the way home I thought I'm going to pick up some coconut oil I'm going to learn as much as I can about this because we had a screening the next day I mean we were determined to get him into a clinical trial you know the this was our hope we had been holding out you know um hoping that he would get into a clinical trial with a drug that would improve you know his outcome and maybe even cure his disease you know that's what we've been promised for years and years by the Alzheimer Association so um we got coconut oil when we got home I um kind of refreshed my memory about which fatty acids were the medium chain fatty acids I was able to get a fatty acid composition from a USDA website of coconut oil and figure out how much medium chain triglycerides were in coconut oil so if you um consider the their fatty ESS is called C6 to C12 meaning they have six to 12 carbons in a chain um that forms the skeleton you know basically of the fatty acid um that it was 60% 60% of the coconut oil so they were giving 20 grams in the long-term study of MCT oil and that converted to 35 grams of coconut oil um so the next day I thought since his um screening was at 1:00 in the afternoon that I would give him coconut oil breakfast and that turned out to be good too because it gave several hours for the him to reach a peak level of ketones from the coconut oil but um so it mixed it into oatmeal in in the US at room temperature coconut oil tends to be kind of semisolid um a little bit like butter or margarine you know just the consistency of it and um about four hours later we went to a different location different town um for this screening they use the same test the mini mle set exam and he gained four points that from the day before and he qualified for the study and a four-point gain from one day to the next is really quite profound but I wasn't really sure did we just get lucky you know was it prayers answered you know or was it really this thing you know and um so I decided well we're going to start doing this every day and one of the things that I learned in the patent application is that when you consume MCT oil the level of ketones Peaks at about uh an hour and a half and is back to Baseline at about three hours in the study that they had done so I thought wait a minute the brain needs ketones that's going to need fuel 247 what about the other 21 hours so right away I got cookbooks and recipes to try to add it to each of his meals I thought you know why not add it three times a day and try to keep ketones going continuously excuse me so um that's what we did so the very next day I kept giving them the 35 grams of breakfast uh and then I would add it at other meals how much is 35 gr how many that of tablespoon okay so um that's a little bit over two tablespoons it's um seven level teaspoons okay so so not an unreasonable amount not something not an unreasonable amount um 35 MLS roughly too it would be 35 MLS for people that are familiar with that so not a terrible you know it's it's more than most people would usually eat but you know it wasn't a terrible amount and I I took it too I have Alzheimer's on both sides of my family very strong on the maternal side of my family and I thought if this could help somebody who already has Alzheimer's maybe it could help prevent it so I started right away using this for prevention for myself you know so we you know everything I cooked you know with coconut oil and you know at breakfast I I did that too um so uh and I still do you know we're now 16 years later you know and I still still do do that um so um every day we saw improvements you know he's had the increase in the score the first day and you know within a few days he told me he said he felt like a light bulb came on in his brain the day he started the coconut oil and it lifted his spirits I mean he started um he had a slow stiff gate he started walking faster um he started joking and whistling again and finishing sentences again and he had Tremors he had a Tremor in his jaw when he would talk and that stopped almost right away I didn't really ever see that again he had a hand Tremor when he would eat you know his hand would shake when he was trying to get the food to his mouth and um he would sometimes have that in the morning but after the coconut oil 20 or 30 minutes later that was gone and we wouldn't see it usually for the rest of the day so um he just he was in better spirits his mood was much better he he had been even I mean so severely depressed and even suicidal because he was well aware of what he had been able to do what he couldn't do and that he had Alzheimer's he he know knew that sorry some people are in yeah some people are in denial about that um but he knew it and he wasn't in denial he he was devastated you know what he wasn't able to do anymore I he was an accountant he was on a computer all day he couldn't even turn a computer on much less use a mouse or figure out how to do a thing on a computer at that point you know which was really sad um so you know by fourth or fifth day we're like something has changed here for the better oh my gosh this is a big deal this works you know there the scientist ific basis is holding up you know and it just it was supported by the studies that had already been done that this was possible even the pilot study people improved with the very first dose so um we just kept it going and um that's you know basically how I got involved in at like two weeks yeah after he had another clock drawing okay and you can see that looks like you could say okay that looks like a clock yeah the difference between the first drawings and the one we're seeing now which is two weeks after is really and about a month after oh wow okay yeah and he told me the lines I thought what are all these lines what did you say well I was going to mention the I was going to say I can see the lines look more uh like clock in a way yeah yeah and he explain I thought thought they were hands on the clock I thought oh my gosh he's putting all these hands on the clock he said no the lines he was trying to line the numbers up across from each other oh right yes yes yeah so that's why he was drawing the lines he was trying to line them up so that they would be a a neat clock you know yeah those two I guess the next uh 16 years as you said yeah yeah so things haveed so drastically I'm like oh my God you know I've got like this big secret this medical food's not coming out for a year at least you know H nobody's talking about it I had never heard anything about it I hadn't heard about this problem of glucose uptake and insulin resistance you know these are all new to me and um somehow I've got to tell at that time they were saying there were 35 million people in the world with dementia Alzheimer's being the most common type and I'm like I've got a lot of people that I need to tell about this and um I started talking with Dr Richard beach at the NIH he was considered to be the world expert on ketones at the time I found his telephone number in Wikipedia of all places I called the number and he answered himself I was just blown away and um I had so many questions and you know he answered all my questions he told me about a Ketone eser that he had been working on since the 1990s um that would get Ketone levels much higher than you could get with MCT oil and um coconut oil I didn't even I asked them about coconut oil do you think it is possible that somebody with alzheimer's could improve when taking coconut oil he said no no no the levels would never be high enough I didn't really tell him right away what we were doing but when the clock at two weeks when Steve drew that I faxed the first clock the second clock to him and he was blown away he called me he said well this is unexpected and he put me in touch with several other Ketone researchers Dr Cahill who had done the starvation studies in the 1960s I mean these men were all up in age uh Dr Theodore van Italy he was with the group that had and Dr Sammy hasham the two of them were um in the group that had discovered that MCTS are converted to ketones in the liver you know medium chain triglycerides so these were incredible Sation that I got to have you know with these these brilliant men you know who had been doing Ketone research they'd written hypothesis papers about this in the early 2000s and now I got to spend hours talking to these men they were so excited they were so excited because they had theorized that this would help people with Alzheimer's but this was the first time they had heard of it a person you know who had improved you know and and with something like coconut oil it's a it's a it's really profound just um we you mentioned George kahill could you let the listeners know how long those um you wouldn't be able to do these experiments now I don't think but how long were those experiments of Salvation yeah yeah so um his first patient was a lady she was a nurse she was very overweight and she wanted to lose weight so they brought her into their metabolic Ward which is how they studied things like that in those days they put catheters like into uh blood vessels around her liver and her brain um so that they could test the blood uh and then they fasted her for I believe it was 41 days and they Justified it yeah they they put her she had IV fluids and vitamins and salt was all they gave her um and she you know lost a tremendous amount of weight um but they were able to study what happened with the fuels you know what was fueling her brain and they found that um glucose levels dropped down fairly quickly in the blood you know within you know like 24 to 48 hours you know glucose stores were fairly depleted so glucose was providing much less the fuel but they found that um fatty acids had increased in the blood and that um the two ketones that they could study in the blood acetoacetate and ba and especially beta hydroxy berate had climbed you know they started climbing uh around the the two-day Mark and around somewhere between 10 and 20 days it kind of leveled off um at a very high level of betah hydroxy butyrate acetoacetate was about 20 25% of the beta hydroxy butyrate and acetoacetate converts the betah hydroxy beate that's what it usually does um it also converts to acetone which you mostly exhale and that one's really hard to um measure in blood it's very volatile you so they don't measure much and I wish would because I you know the levels of that can be quite high in the blood and I think it plays a role that we just don't know what it is yet so I'm hoping that um acetone will get studied and the effects of acetone and what impact that could have um in in the brain um so very study it's it's a it's a I remember um I heard about it from uh Dr Dominic datino mentioned it I want to read about this and yeah a fascinating you can even fast for 41 days right really it shows an extreme case of your body has this wonderful mechanism of uh metabolic flexibility right you know you got glucose most of the time for most people in the world however there's this amazing system of metabolizing or using ketones metabolizing or energy so my question Dr newort is um just understanding how the brain uses energy um you have glucose or you have ketones which does it prefer okay well Dr stepen Kain in Canada has done some really interesting studies to kind of help sort that out and um he does Ketone and glucose pet scans he's one that he was the first in the world to do these and there are a couple of other cers doing them now but he um studied uh more than 300 adults of all ages to try to sort all of this out and one of the early studies that they did were people who were on a standard typical higher carbohydrate diet and then a ketogenic diet I believe they were on the ketogenic diet for six weeks and then they did these um pet scans you know before and after and um what they showed was that on a ketogenic diet that Ketone levels um in the brain Ketone uptake in the brain greatly increased and glucose uptake decreased um especially in certain areas it was more prominent certain there were certain areas of the brain that still took up glucose very well but um what they found was that when glucose and ketones are both available that certain areas of the brain prefer to take up ketones W so that able to show with the study so apparently it's it's not every area of the brain but certain areas of the brain prefer to take up ketones and even the white matter in the brain they've been able to document that even just taking MCT oil would increase Ketone uptake in the brain and into white matter of the brain not just gray matter but white matter which are the the nerve fibers you know that are covered um that're insulated with myelin you know that uh become you know in in part of the spinal cord you know in the brain parts of the brain where the brain tracts are um and and they were able to correlate in one of their studies of MCT oil um it's called processing speed how quickly you can retrieve memories basically that this correlated with a really specific Network in the white matter that had increased uptake of ketones they were able to document this Improvement and processing speed correlated with Ketone uptake in this network in the brain wow very interesting it's the attention Network I think it's called okay anecdotally when I'm in ketosis and have taken exogenous ketones I find recall of words and what I want to be able to say night and day I'm I'm much more Artic I not very Artic as it is but I'm better with my words when I'm in that Stace interesting mechanism so with regards to demands the brain demands Fuel and if I understand correctly the the mechanis proposed for the ketogenic therapy ketones for Alzheimer's is there's impaired glucose uptake in the brain so there has to be another source of energy otherwise there's no energy and this eny ketones and the brain uses them very effectively is that is that correct that's correct okay and and Kain has Dr Kain has been able to also document with these pet scans that um people with Alzheimer's disease they confirmed that there are areas of the brain with decreased glucose uptake substantially decreased this happens in aging too but Ketone uptake is normal in these areas of the brain so they've been able to actually document this which supports this whole concept of using ketones as a fuel for the brain wow and so that was your when you had this hunch right with your husband and then obviously it's snowboard the research is snowboard since so specifically for Alzheimer's and cognitive um decline what does the research show about being a being in a state of ketosis and exogenous ketones the emerging literature I guess yeah there there are quite a few studies now mostly of MCT oil um some are a ketogenic diet without any special oil um there's a group at for example at Wake Forest um university which is in North Carolina in the US and uh they have also started using the Ketone and glucose pet scans they were able to document this too and they did a study of people with mild cognitive impairment which precedes Alzheimer's um taking I believe it was for eight weeks each a standard uh American Heart Association diet which is a lowfat high carb diet um versus a Mediterranean style ketogenic diet and they were able to um document that there was increased um energy supplied to the brain um and they um that they didn't feel that that they they saw about the same difference in cognitive Improvement but there were markers of Alzheimer's disease and spinal fluid um blood other types of markers that improved only when they were getting the um the ketogenic diet you know which was interesting um and then um Kain himself he did a study 65 people with mild cognitive impairment and they got either a placebo or MCT oil and this was a C8 C10 MCT oil so kind of the standard MCT oil that's out there and um were able to document uh that there was an increase in in multiple cognitive domains and this increase in ketones and white matter you know that these people improved and that they sustained the Improvement they were able to sustain the level of ketosis you know by taking they were giving um 15 MLS which is a tablespoon of MCT oil twice a day for six months and that you know relatively small amount and they were given it at two meals you know was enough to improve their cognitive testing and and documented you know um increased Ketone uptake in the brain you know uh filling in what he calls the brain energy gap that happens in people and in mild cognitive impairment much worse than Alzheimer's disease so um yeah we could talk about the brain energy gap you know because this when he studi these 300 adults they were people of all ages you know adults you know ages 20 to into their 70s at least and he was able to show that as we age that there becomes we we develop a gap between how much energy our braing needs and how much it actually gets and when we're in our 70s this Gap can be seven to n% of the energy deficit in the brain you know which explains this um you know um age related memory impairment that people develop you know and just slowing down you know cognitive decline in general you know and people you know in their 70s at test normal have this Gap they still will have a 79% energy gap um it's worse in mild cognitive impairment it's about 10 or 12% Gap in Alzheimer's at the earliest stages it's at least a 20% Gap and that just gets worse as Alzheimer's progresses it kind of makes you think Alzheimer's is kind of on a spectrum of of Aging you know cognitive decline relating to aging and probably the biggest factor that that triggers Alzheimer's this inflammation in the brain that really puts you on a downward spiral as far far as cognitive decline but he's been able to show that taking this two tablespoons a day of MCT oil fills in that brain energy gap that cognitively that even people with mild cognitive impairment you know have it could fill in you know nine or 10% of this energy gap just taking two tablespoons a day he told me you know personally that they you know three tablespoons would be even better it's it's a supply and demand problem across and I guess optimal brain function would yeah there's no supply and demand problem right they're they're they're balanced out but the further down that Spectrum you go the more likely of the brain andate energy to the brain okay and just yeah that ketones can fill that in and that was Dr be's you know belief too he thought it would take much higher levels of ketones to actually get penetrate you know all areas of the brain and uh to bring about cognitive Improvement so he was really quite surprised but there have been a number of other studies now with um MCT oil to I have um on my website I have a a reference list I have a page called scientific articles and at the top of it I have a it's like an eight page reference list um with numerous studies that have been been done you know some small some medium siiz um there have yet to there aren't studies yet of 2,000 or 3,000 people doing this um but um there's a couple of coconut oil using coconut oil um there's one um that I like a lot that was conducted in Australia uh Dr Matthew Phillips and first he did a study with people with Parkinson's and then he did one with Alzheimer's and they were either on you know kind of the the standard lowfat diet versus a ketogenic diet and the thing about it even though the article didn't talk about coconut oil um the supplementary information they provide the diets that the people were on a recipe book that they were to use during the study and almost every recipe in the ketogenic diet book had coconut oil in it coconut oil or coconut milk which is loaded with coconut oil so it was you know you might call a a coconut oil study but a ketogenic diet you know basically it was a ketogenic diet and um you know uh the people did you know quite well with compared to the other diet both for the Parkinson study and for the Alzheimer's study um yeah go ahead oh I was just gonna ask about the the um exogenous ketones and there's a lovely anecdote when uh Dom went for dinner with yourself and and and you and your husband had Tremors until he had a shot what I and coconut mix so my question my question is um what is what would be the optimal MCT coconut formula someone who have cognitive impairment or early on set Alzheimer's would it be coconut MCT or how would you think about that okay so um yeah so I I kind of did a lot of work at home um trying to figure out a good ratio you that would um help my husband uh we started adding well Dr Beach had measured Steve's Ketone levels after taking two doses of Co coconut oil one day and the levels did increase but um then um he had him take just C8 MCT oil which is in that medical food it was available on the Shelf you know why we have to wait for medical food is beyond me but um so his levels were a bit higher with the MCT oil and so Dr Beach he tried to encourage me to forego the coconut oil and just give them MCT oil to try to maximize the Ketone levels uh but I thought wait a minute he improved very much with coconut oil um what if there is something else in it that is impacting this because the levels aren't very high you know with coconut oil um but they're there never the less but there might be something else and um so I thought okay I'm going to mix it so and the idea was you know if you the levels with coconut oil peaked at about three hours and we still there after six or seven hours there was still ketones being produced um this these were um blood you know studies that were done like we drew had the blood drawn and then uh they were they ran the studies at the NIH we had overnight you know um the the blood samples and um so you know basically coconut oil kind of has an extended and this is because like C6 C8 are very ketogenic they very rapidly convert to ketones C10 another medium chain takes longer to start producing ketones C12 takes even longer and C12 is half of the coconut oil it's LC acid you know so it starts producing ketones like hours later but it stays elevated in the blood for many hours right so I think of it is that coconut oil because it has this fatty acid than this then this converting to ketones that it may have a more steady level of ketones that it provides the peak levels lower but it's more continuously available you know with MCT oil just as a reminder they tend to Peak it tends to Peak the Ketone levels at 90 minutes at three hours it's gone so I thought okay if we mix the two we can get higher levels in general and sustain it by adding the coconut oil and the other interesting thing about coconut oil is it contains a virgin coconut oil it contains polyphenols that are anti-inflammatory they're antioxidant so it has other substances in it and I knew this at the time um I also had learned that loric acid is highly antimicrobial it's half of the coconut oil it kills numerous bacteria viruses fungus protozoa spets you know organisms um like in the mouth Dental pathogens things that have been implicated in hundreds of studies as possible causes or contributors to Alzheimer's disease so I thought you know LC acid might be beneficial you know to him too if there's some infection at play you know with this um so um I came up with a ratio to answer your question of Parts MCT to three parts coconut oil so um this would be so you know basically the mixture you would have like 4 oun of MCT oil to three ounces of coconut oil okay and so that would be let's see 4 ounces 120 MLS to about 90 MLS of coconut oil and um four to ratio basically with that formula you have you you have the immediate Spike of the MCT which if I but this but for the list who's sort of new to exogenous keto and um theosis um and MCT would be something like a the equivalent of a dextrose tablet gets absorbed by the body very rapidly with then goes and a coconut oil would be a slower release almost like a slow carb equivalent of this kind of fat is the of the molecules so the shorter the chain the faster it gets absorbs and the longer okay exactly that's that's really interesting so um where did Ketone salt come into this so Ketone salt came along in 2016 so eight years after my husband improved um he never had the benefit he died he passed away you know right at the beginning of 2016 um and um the Ketone salts were just getting released right at that time uh on the market in the US uh and Dominic uh deaso who you mentioned was very he was really the one who studied these intensively and helped develop what became the Ketone salts products uh in the US and I know they're available in the UK and certain countries in Europe and Asia Australia you know places like that Canada um now but in the beginning they were just available in the US I think for for several years but um the Ketone salts do increase Ketone levels higher than coconut and MCT oil but it's kind of a temporary thing the levels will Peak at about an hour and um then kind of decline over two or three hours so it's a temporary bump in Ketone levels but it's I think many people have reported uh there haven't been very many studies yet with the Ketone salts you know unfortunately um not for Cog cognition yet although Dr Kain it's that study has been in progress so I know that there are studies in progress using the Ketone salts um so um you know I think of it well you know Dr Kain and Dr V have all said that the higher your blood Ketone level the more ketones will be taken up in your brain you know so there is benefit to trying to increase the level you know to as high as possible um and exogenous ketones can help with that at least temporarily they can get the level up there um so that's uh kind of where they came along and you know a lot of people it's more an anecdotal than anything at this point but they do seem to report you know uh better mental focus a lot of people report that they they feel they have improved memory they sleep better less anxiety and that's something that has been studied in animals that there seems to be less anxiety you know um with taking ketones the the anxiety can be it's like the proposed mechanisms were the anti-inflammatory effect coupled with inflammatory that was another thing that's come out Dr Beach proposed that they would be anti-inflammatory um and and he was able to show that ketones reduce production of what are called reactive oxygen species you know that can be harmful and that they're scavengers they remove reactive oxygen species and and Metabolism so in that sense anti-inflammatory but now you know other Studies have shown several other mechanisms in which uh ketones reduce inflammation so this whole and just think of how many different diseases including Alzheimer's and other typ of brain diseases that involve inflammation you know so reducing inflammation I mean different kinds of arthri I mean everything you can think of every disease you know lung lung diseases cancers I mean all of these things involve inflammation um exaggerated inflammation and keton seem to be able to help control it so you know this was another potential benefit of trying to get your Ketone levels higher too you know using something like Ketone salts and um weight loss you know there were phenomenal you know um remember going to I got to speak at a conference a few months after the ketones were released and you know there were people that had lost a tremendous amount of body fat U 40 60 pounds uh what was that like uh 20 20 30 40 kilos of body weight you know some people had lost in a relatively short period of time you know so U ketones also seem to suppress appetite which is interesting increasing your Ketone levels people on a ketogenic diet find that too they eat a low carb diet higher fat diet the carb Cravings tend to go away after a few days and you're just not nearly as hungry is when you're eating a high carbohydrate diet you know so there's an effect of of appetite suppression um and you know the other thing um the exogenous ketones reduce blood glucose levels you can like I when I test myself a lot for these products you know as each one comes out I I test uh myself and I always test my blood glucose blood Ketone level I have two little monitors set up there and um breath acetone you know was something I added about a year ago you know when I study these and I'll uh test myself for six or eight hours afterwards a lot of studies only look at four hours you know what happens at six hours eight hours um but um and do you follow a ketogenic diet as well yeah I eat a low carb Mediterranean style diet it's it's um I tend to be average around 30 35 grams of carbs a day okay you know so it's it's low carb under 50 or 60 grams of carbs eating higher fat you know people will tend to be in ketosis you know so I try to push it lower than that um I don't I'm not carnivore at least not yet you know so you know I my carbs are mainly vegetables you know um that I've added to the diet trying to get fiber you know I have a little bit I'll have like we're talking literally like an eighth of a cup of whole grain rice or something like that you know um not even every day um Sometimes some legumes you know things like that are supposed to be beneficial have certain vitamins and nutrients that other food groups don't have you know so I I eat a Mediterranean style diet I would call it and you know higher fat I eat um I have probably at least three to four tablespoons of a combination that mix of coconut and MCT oil and um every day and I like butter and olive oil I mean who doesn't right but it's just delicious this one of the the pros of being in on a ketogenic diet so um it's been thrown about that uh there's some people who think that exogenous ketones are or should be classed as a fourth macron nutrium what are your what are your thoughts on that and yeah yeah yeah that's that's a good question um they they do independently ketones have they do have caloric content it's just not very high um but I don't know it's a derivative of fat so I'm not sure that it's a separate macronutrient per se you know put it that way you can't it now you can take beta hydroxy butyrate as an exogenous Ketone it's completely it doesn't require fat to do that so in a sense you know there might be something to it you know I'm not sure I'm not sure I think it's um it's interesting because there's clearly so much power in being in a state of ketosis and separate compensation of these exhaustion is Ketone yeah I've heard that that they can increase cerebral blood flow as well um yeah is ketos level of ketosis can increase um cable blood flow increase flow to the brain by um what I've read I think up to 39% pretty whopping increase in in uh blood flow and and you know that is a problem for some people with certain types of dementias and that type of thing um so um I think that that you know is a positive benefit you know potentially of ketosis increasing blood flow it's it's it's it's it's noticeable I think and I think what uh is hard to imagine study for you and hard to understand for a Layman like me all these things seem to be working in the same direction so you've got lower inflammation you've got more energy to the brain you've got the neuroprotective effects of MCTS and why people onic diet have next to zero C reactive protein the blood marker for inflammation in the in the body and um guess it's hard for you to pinpoint one thing and study that yeah a lot of people feel like they're um aches and pains go away I mean they say that you know they don't have as you know people with migraines report you know fewer migraines that they're less intense I mean so many different things you know that people have reported and and some of these are being studied migraines are being studied with ketogenic diets and they have been already um and with like Ketone salts Ketone Esters there are many many studies now with the Ketone Esther that are going on uh right now for all all different kinds of disorders diabetes type two diabetes especially being one of them uh quite a few studies for that there's a study that um is being conducted by the um National Institutes of Aging which is part of the NIH um it's I think they've it's taken time to recruit everybody and get them through the study but it's 150 people ages 50 to 70 who have um metabolic syndrome so they have pre-diabetes basically they have insulin resistance um and they're overweight they tend to have a large waist circumference um they tend to have high blood pressure but they're setting them with the Ketone Esther that Dr Beach you know with his Esther and um they're giving them a hefty really Hefty dose 25 grams three times a day and actually my husband Steve was the first person with Alzheimer's to take the Ketone Esther Dr Beach's eser in a pilot study of one person this happened two years after the coconut oil and it turned him around you know from some kind of newer symptoms a little bit of worsening that he'd had at the time um so but they're using that dose that my husband got which is quite High um for six months they take it three times a day and they're doing every biomarker you can think of in blood urine spinal fluid uh brain Imaging you know they're looking at everything you know all these U biomarkers related to aging and to to um diabetes and uh dementia you know cognitive decline and I'm so looking forward the outcome of this study uh Dr V he he tried so hard he couldn't get funding from the NIH to do a study with Alzheimer's which was remarkable he worked for them his entire career and then he had this Ketone eser and he couldn't get funny to actually conduct an Alzheimer's study which was ridiculous but but they're finally doing it's kind of a pre alimer can we prevent cognitive decline um in people who are very high risk you know because of their you know metabolic profile so that um they're using Ketone as an adjunct to treatments for cancer various types cancers many different kinds of cancers are studying now well the the the the Canon of books on uh the metabolic theory of cancer that that's been my reading the last I guess month and a bit and it's fascinating fascinating topic I just want to double click on the um on the point you made about uh the study and a when is the stud when will we know the results of the study and B yeah it was supposed to have been done in June of this year but now they've delayed it into um 2024 I think uh somewhere around March or may of 202 2025 I'm sorry believe finished but it does time to recruit especially you know like a pandemic came along right at the wrong time as they were launching study so I think it's taken them quite a while to recruit 150 people and have them continue for six months and you know the Ketone Esther um I'm not sure which product they're using there are a couple of them out there now you know and um one tastes better than the other so I'm not sure whose product they're using but um you know some people won't like it and they'll quit pretty quickly you know other people you know see benefits they may feel benefits and then they'll keep it going um so uh it just takes time you know when you're uh studying that many people but I just can't wait to see the outcome of this study me too me too if you could if you could conduct any study so you could wave a magic one right and you can do everything you got as much funny as you want what you you want to know and what would you want to test wow um this is well Alzheimer's for sure that would be that would be one you know and looking at well you know I have a collection of anecdotal reports and people don't report just Improvement in memory and cognition they report improvements like my husband in physical symptoms and their mood behavioral symptoms um they resume activities that they weren't doing I mean there's many different components to Alzheimer's disease you know the types of symptoms but they tend to focus mainly on memory and cognition so I would want a study that looks more broadly at all of the symptoms you know that people experience with Alzheimer's and how they're affected but um I'm a neonatologist a newborn specialist I would love to see studies in newborns with so there a couple situations well several really I wanted to study them I I just couldn't um I made proposals to try to study this I couldn't get um approval you know uh my director didn't understand this whole idea of ketones as a fuel for the brain he just didn't get it so we have um there are babies that are born prematurely um infants of diabetic mothers uh many other babies who they're sick and their blood sugar will drop tremendously and to very low levels they're at risk for seizure they're at risk for brain damage this happens within hours after they're born um and when a baby can't be fed if a baby can be fed strictly breast milk no formula no IV fluid they will go into ketosis you know they go into ketosis fairly quickly they're actually born in ketosis their Ketone levels are already elevated and their levels go up and babies um you know they break down their fat you know human babies are fat when they're born and they'll lose about 10% % of their body weight over the first week or so they're breaking down fat they're using ketones fatty acids and ketones ketones to supply fuel to their brain it takes a while for the milk to come in mother's milk I mean it might just be drops the first day or two you know so and then when they do get breast milk they're getting medium chain fatty acids in the breast milk um and you know therefore making ketones from that too you know so um but when a baby is sick they don't get feedings you know at first um and um they're given intervenous fluid that has glucose in it right away you know this is what it started and um when a baby has a low blood sugar if they're an infant of a diabetic mother the reason their blood sugar gets so low is that they've been chronically seeing a high level of glucose the baby has they've got a nice new pancreas that's pumping out insulin like crazy and that doesn't turn off when they're born you know so suddenly they're disconnected from the mother they're not seeing high blood sugar anymore you know um it just that glucose from the mother crosses directly you know into the baby circulation so that they're cut off from that and then their blood sugar will drop tremendously some of them really seriously low levels and even giving them like 10% glucose in an IV isn't enough to bring it up you'll have to go up to 12 and a half% 15% 177% really high concentrations of glucose just to try to maintain at the edge of normal blood glucose levels because their pancreas is pumping out so much insulin still and it takes could take several weeks for that to subside and kind of normalize you know based on their own blood glucose levels so um you know that's one situation where ketones could provide alternative fuel to the brain and maybe prevent brain damage and this this this happen this is a constant problem in um um maternity Services you know where uh babies develop hypoglycemia infants of diabetic mothers babies who are small for their age babies who are premature they're all at risk you know for various reasons for having a low low blood glucose and having brain damage as a result if it's not corrected as quickly as possible so um what I wanted to do was a study very simple study with MCT oil you can if they can't eat you can put a little tube down into their stomach a lot of premature babies are fed that way and put down you know a relatively small amount of MCT oil which could be produced to ketones and provide that fuel that the brain needs and potentially prevent brain damage so this is a study that I wanted to do Ketone eser if it were available would be even better it it there were studies back in um like oh gosh the 1970s 1980s where they were given intravenous uh ketones um and you know studying them and for some reason you know I don't know some people they retire they pass away you know their research has never continued you know so nothing happened with this research you know but a ketone Esther intravenously would be amazing you know to be able to give a baby who's at risk for brain damage the other situation that's really serious is some babies are born asphyxiated they'll have a tight cord wrapped around their neck three or four times really tight and it will as they come down the birth can can you know Canal will cut off the circulation of their brain literally and they can die from it um and the other reasons you know why babies are born asphixiation with a lack of oxygen and what happens in that situation the brain first uses up glucose very quickly but it depletes what are called glucose Transporters these are Transporters that transport glucose from the outside of the cell to the inside of the cell those are depleted and they don't regenerate for three or four days so brain cells in these areas that are damaged in the brain or that don't have enough oxygen are not taking up glucose normally they need fuel and um wouldn't it be great if we could Supply ketones as fuel to those areas that are impacted you know by that intravenously intervenous Ketone eser well intervenous lipids you know when I was doing my training the lipids that we gave uh Babies worth half MCT and half longchain fatty acids and they discontinued that like uh we had it in the 1980s and the 1990s we didn't have it anymore more the fat that we were using for for decades was um soybean oil and I think now there's a little bit of a return of adding other oils like Omega three fatty acids and olive oil and and maybe MCT you know I know in Europe I think that they had a product that still had MCTS but not in the US just giving MCT oil intravenously you know uh is a possibility you wouldn't even have to put it in the stomach and um that's what I if I could do any you know just think of the life lifelong disability that could be saved you know in these U these babies you know that are are born with this problem so that that would be my perfect study as a neon to reading the results of that as and when it if it ever comes about that would be a really F stud there seems to be so much resistance on a really big scale whether it be cancer whether it be the diabetes whether it be for uh you know cognitive decline Alzheimer's um on the ketogenic diet why do you that is and what role do you think ketogenic diet a whole including exhaustion as key terms how against Alzheimer yeah yeah so um I think the big problem is that for decades we've had these dietary guidelines that say we need to eat a lowfat diet and a high-fat diet I mean the ketogenic diet has a reputation for being unpalatable they' been saying this for a hundred years I mean um it was uh first used for epilepsy to treat drug resistant epilepsy in 1921 and it was very effective and still is very effective at um sometimes completely eliminating seizures and about 25% of of people you know who have this problem or another 50% it will greatly reduce the number of seizures that they have on a ketogenic diet but it had a reputation for being unpalatable because it was so high in fat you know I don't I don't find a high-fat diet unpalatable myself and I mean there's so many different recipes you just have to be creative you know and um find what you like and you know there's different degrees too of a ketogenic diet um anywhere from no carbs at all 10% you know maybe 20 grams 30 grams 40 grams a day you know um that you can be in ketosis to different degre depending the lower carb you eat the higher fat the higher your Ketone levels get but um there's concern about you know for example there are some people who go on a ketogenic diet everything will improve their body weight will improve their BMI will improve their blood fasting blood glucose their hemoglobin A1c you know will improve but their LDL cholesterol goes up and so this there's just this long history of believing that a high ldlc means you're at greater risk of dying from heart disease and it's just not that simple um I was U at a conference low carb USA in San Diego uh just last week uh about a week and a half ago and there was a there's an interesting study that's in progress and there were some preliminary results and they were looking at people who were on a low carb diet and these were fit very fit people like athletes you know athletic typee people who on a very low carbohydrate diet who then have a very high LDL cholesterol and um they were looking at the uh amount of atherosclerosis we're talking on Imaging studies that they could document and the plaques the number of plaques and the volume of these plaques in arteries and it just happened that there was another study going on in Miami of another group of very fit people who um had lower LDL cholesterol you know about 100 milligrams per deciliter lower oh I can't remember how many mill moles that is but um they were doing a similar study you know same type of Imaging so they had these two different studies you know comparing people with really high LDL to really low and there was like no difference between the atherosclerosis the the volume of plaques and numbers of plaques that they were seeing in the arteries you know between these two groups and you know um that study I think it um the one in Miami had um maybe a 100 people and the one in the low carb study was like 80 people and they're aiming for a 100 so that's why it was preliminary but they they had already tested 80 people and it was very interesting um so there's a lot of discussion about is it really LDL itself that is a problem or you know uh there are some studies out there suggesting a certain types of LDL cholesterol like oxidized cholesterol you know an oxidation of cholesterol can happen with inflammation there are a lot of foods that contain oxidized like processed foods that contain oxidized cholesterol you know um glycation you know having a high blood sugar will glycate LDL cholesterol you know and and make it abnormal and make it inflammatory you know so oxidized cholesterol and glycated cholesterol or inflammatory so there's a lot of discussion about um what type of LDL cholesterol are we talking about you know does eating a ketogenic diet increase bad types of cholesterol or does it maybe even decrease you know bad types of cholesterol even though you know the LDL level is higher you know what type of LDL are we talking about so I think that's really an important topic you know to think about and is that the lipid heart hypothesis no it well it's you know the lipid heart hypothesis is where the idea that having high cholesterol levels causes um AOS increased atherosclerosis and a higher risk of cardiovascular disease but they have never proven that you know they they like what they've shown okay so I've been investigating these studies you know I've read the reports I mean we're talking some of the reports are 200 to 400 pages long of these studies that were conducted throughout the 20th century of the lipid heart hypothesis you know so they would compare a standard typical American diet which they were considering like 40% fat you know maybe even 18% of calories of saturated fat you know to diets where they they would limit they would lower cholesterol uh dietary cholesterol greatly lower that um they would lower the total fat intake um they would replace saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat so that that's what um the belief of the lipid heart hypothesis that if you do those things reduce cholesterol in the diet reduce fat in the diet reduce saturated fat in the diet and replace it with polyunsaturated fat that you will have a lower chance of dying from heart disease or having a serious cardiac event well what they showed uh for example Lo fat diet they never did show that it even affected your cholesterol levels they didn't see you know there were some pretty good siiz studies where they compared higher fat like 40% fat to 30% fat and um they didn't see even a reduction a greater reduction in cholesterol levels from doing that so they never really showed that eating a low-fat diet made a difference um and then um they did show like if you substitute polyunsaturated fat for saturated fat it does tend to at least temporarily lower serum cholesterol levels on average this isn't true for every person you like when they looked at individuals in some of these studies some people actually had increases in their cholesterol when they had polyunsaturated fat some had decreases you know on average seemed to decrease uh cholesterol levels when you remove saturated fat and replace it with polyon saturated fat um but what they never did show was that doing that red reduced the risk of dying from heart disease none of these Studies have ever shown that and and most of the studies didn't even show that it reduced your risk of having a heart attack and then there are autopsy studies you know I reviewed quite a few of those and they didn't show that you know reducing your cholesterol level had any effect of decreasing ing atherosclerosis in your arteries or any effect of reducing adverse effects you know heart related effects or reducing deaths you know from um you know um by doing this manipulating the fat this way on you know what they could see in the arteries you know the atherosclerosis in the arteries the Plax in the arteries they really weren't seeing differences you know by doing these dietary maneuvers of fat so why why have we got it so wrong how did they get us so wrong yeah yeah why is so like dislocated um it's it's really it kind of boggles my mind you know one of the big factors that they didn't consider when they were doing all of these studies was that um people were eating a lot of trans fat in the US um I have to take a sip of water D dude it is fascinating stuff yeah so so um in the 1940s mid 1940s in the US um the intake of butter and lard which are natural animal fats had declined and the intake of trans fats margarine shortenings had increased started surpassing the amount of animal fats that were being uh consumed in the US you know so people were eating much less butter and lard and much more margarine and shortenings and these things were loaded with trans fats uh produced from hydrogenation that extended the shelf life but it created 14 unnatural isomer like fatty acids um uh which are called trans fats it kind of changed you know the structure of the molecule um and made it stiffer and these things have been found to be highly inflammatory including in arteries and they were banned in the US um as of 2018 they are not allowed to have trans fats in the food uh above 05 grams in a serving of a food um because they found that it did seem appear to increase the risk of dying from heart disease by eating trans fats some of these these um fats the margarin and shortenings could have 35 to 45% of the fat would be these trans fats you know so so people that were eating you know these foods and a lot of fast foods were processed in these partially hydrogenated vegetable oils were used in virtually every you know well uh I I found a a report from 1995 that said from the 1960s to the 1980s virtually all cooking oils in US homes contain trans fats and you know so but this was not accounted for when they were doing these dietary fat studies it's GNA be the topic of your next book right yeah this is the topic of my next book you know they never separately compared animal saturated fat with hydrogenated you know separately hydrogenated uh you know man-made oils and fats they never compared them separately they always were grouped together as saturated fat when they were um doing these studies hydrogenated fats the purpose is to make the fat more saturated you know to give it a longer shelf life because they saturated fats are more stable but it created all these unnatural fats that you don't find in animal fats go wow it so that was the big flaw the big flaw and it's the whole basis of you know the dietary guidelines for Americans which came along in 1980 you know these studies had been conducted leading up to that and there were even two studies um anel ke you know he's the famous um uh inventor of the idea of the livit heart hypothesis in 1953 he conducted one of these studies but there were studies where they substituted um in his study was uh corn oil and there was a study in Australia um called the Sydney uh diet heart study they were conducted at the same time they had a similar design and I believe it was safflower oil that they used in the Sydney study um which I believe it contains almost no um omega-3 fatty acid either that was a big problem but they the people in the study they had to completely substitute um all of the saturated fat in their diet so they were eliminating all the animal fats and and other saturated fats with either corn oil and the one study safflower oil and the other study and these were very high in omega-6 fatty acids both of these oils and um they didn't report these studies when they were finished I mean the the one um that anel Keys conducted it was over 9,000 people they studied them for 10 years they didn't report the results of the study but and they even did autopsies this was one of the autopsy studies you know where they had done autopsies on people that died during the study and they found in both of these studies that using this High you know linola acid High omega-6 oil in place of saturated fat increase cardiac mortality and increased all cause deaths in both of these studies and they didn't publish the results what know that yeah and um a group from the NIH finally they were able to rec cover the raw data from these two studies you know the results you know for the people that were in these studies and they you know they did report it in 2013 and 2016 they finally reported the results showing that it actually increased mortality you know to substitute you know this large amount relatively large amount of polyunsaturated oil for saturated fat wow and the oopsies were really interesting because they showed um they could see evidence of heart attacks myocardial infarctions um like the group that got the Corno oil it was um something like 41% of them had evidence of having had a heart attack compared to like 20 21% in the control group that were just getting a standard diet so they had double the number of uh evidence of heart attacks in the group that got the high corn oil diet that anelis you know was using no wonder they didn't want to publish the results but very un forunate you know you think because guidelines for Americans you know have you you know they they tell us we're supposed to eat it's the equivalent of like two tablespoons of oil every day and they mean polyunsaturated oil well olive oil too they consider you know but they really heavily promote polyunsaturated oils you know in the dietary guidelines for Americans to substitute it for saturated fat so just quickly for our audience could you give some examples of uh what would be a common source of polyunsaturated fat oh um soybean oil sunflower oil safflower oil um and then um like let me think um oh there's several others but like um olive oil is better even a lot of people object to Canola it has a similar profile to um olive oil it would be better than soybean oil or sunflower safflower oil we stick to coconut and will be sweet and MCT yeah coconut coconut is a good oil you still need omega-3 fatty acids are not in coconut or MCT oil omega-3 fatty acids are important and that's where like fish oil eating fish eating fish is the best way to get it um algae oils you know for people that are vegan or vegetarian you know um fish eat algae that's where they get their DHA you know so algae oils are really good krill oil you know to get omega-3 fatty acids which are really important um but um it's nice to give an example for for The Listener just like okay so so what I could talk to you all day this is so fasting and there's so many questions I want to ask I'd like to some quickfire ones if I may we always try and do that on this on the show yeah I have trouble doing quick answers don't worry it's it's it's uh wonderfully interesting answers so um the first quickfire which I feel like is uh probably a bad question to ask as a quick fi but I really want to ask it anyway um is there a correlation between people who have one copy or two copies of apoe4 maybe even multiple uh at risk people for Alzheimer's because they have genetically inherited the gene that PR to that being apoe4 how do people with ae4 react to ketogenic interventions on cognitive decline yeah so this is actually all over the place okay so the medical food that we first talked about they seem to show that people who had a before did not on average have Improvement my husband was april4 and he did you know but I got to speak with the author um Sam Henderson you know the inventor of that idea and he said well about half of the people with april4 actually did have Improvement it's when they averaged the whole group out that they didn't on average have Improvement and then okay Dr Kain his 65 people study he didn't see a difference between the apoe3 and the apoe4 he was using an C8 C10 MCT oil the Henderson group was using a C8 only uh MCT oil okay so now there's a new study out where they used coconut oil um and and they looked at the the apoe4 and they found that the apoe4 people were the ones who improved mostly you know with taking coconut oil that they were the ones that improved and they even had you know all of the people who got coconut oil on average their cholesterol levels went down the April before group their cholesterol levels went down even more for people who are worried about that um so coconut oil didn't increase it actually decreased you know cholesterol levels and the apo4 group were the people who performed the best you know so that you know coconut oil has C6 C8 C10 C12 a lot of C12 um C12 LC acid there's a study that was conducted in Japan and they were able to show that C12 potently stimulates Ketone production in asites which are brain cells that nourish the neurons in the brain you know so it may have a more direct effect in the brain rather than increasing blood levels you know so um it's very interesting so it's all over the place and it might depend on which strategy you use yeah I think that's the problem with averages right you know they they can be very misleading yeah they can be very misleading yeah I have a big problem with uh with averages I mean it just seems to trip people up in every field you know it does I've heard conferences said don't even bother doing this with people who are apro E4 I'm like wait a minute my husband was and he had a profound response okay um next one is firstly I'd like to I've ordered two of your books but I've started one on the Kindle and so far it's really really fascinating called simply keto um and youve written four books five on the way so definitely check out Dr new's books yeah simp you can see on the screen which one should people start with clearly ke well it depends on on so this okay this book is my third edition of my first book this is probably the most updated my husband's story is very extensive it's probably about 30% of the book and then there's a chapter that has experiences of a whole lot of other people um some very long term you know we're talking people nine 10 years that they've had Improvement sustained Improvement a man with Parkinson's disease a man who had they thought he had Alzheimer's and he improved to mild cognitive impairment for the rest of his life um and um and then another uh couple a wife and Japan with early onset Alzheimer's not in Japan in Canada you know who had a dramatic response but then a whole lot of other smaller vignettes you know of reports that I've gotten from people over the years um but then it does go into the history of um Dr Vach developing the Ketone Esther where the idea of using MCTS came from and how to implement it in the diet it includes the Mediterranean keto diet you know Basics about that how to use the oils how to use the exogenous Ketone supplements answers a whole lot of questions um this one clearly keto for healthy brain aging and Alzheimer's prevention um has the introduction it's got a shorter version of my husband's story is kind of an introduction um and then I go into a whole lot about the underlying problem insulin resistance and diabetes the big problem um around the world you know and why this is such a big problem and and the Brain energy gap I go into that explaining that in more detail um and um basically how ketones can help improve insulin resistance provide fuel to the brain help overcome inflammation and um and then a whole lot of detail about the Mediterranean diet you know the various components of the diet the food groups and the importance of each of the food groups importance of getting protein kind of being the number one thing that I push you know and the benefits to producing carbohydrates and explaining that there's a spectrum of this you know people can find a place you know a reasonable place that they can adopt this as a lifestyle diet and then um then it also goes into the importance of other Lifestyle Changes U I spent probably 50% of the book talking about other lifestyle changes that could help uh reduce the risk of dementia including you know exercise getting adequate sleep um controlling blood pressure uh discovering that you have sleep apnea and treating it it's it's one of the well-known causes of dementia um many things to avoid um and things to do you know in in your lifestyle um that can help uh delay or prevent um developing dementia and and the experts now believe it could be 30 or 40% of dementias could be completely prevented by making Lifestyle Changes diet being number one exercise being number two so and and then people who really want to know what goes wrong in the Alzheimer brain want an overview I've got like an 80-page chapter that took me about 10 months to write uh just going through all the changes in the brain you know the different pathologies what happens to e cell type and you know many discoveries about what goes wrong in the aging and Alzheimer brain so it's uh the the books are very different they cover some of the same territory you know but um I think they both have value well I mean to dive into them in the in great depth on my my my upcoming holiday it's very at the moment I'm really looking forward to that um are there any other books you would recommend any other books that have shaped your world viiew that You' just like to to recommend that you've really enjoyed there's one um well I have another one but I've got two more I'll show you this one The Complete Book of ketones ketones yes yeah this is one I wrote in 2019 it's more broadly about ketones and I interview like 16 of the Pioneers you know the people people I talked about Dr V Dr Van Italy and the rising stars Dominic diegoo and many others involved in uh Ketone research and a few dietitians and um people who benefited from it and practitioners of it um of of that uh so that their interviews and then a lot of history and basically how to put together a well formulated ketogenic diet and and monitoring ketones you know so it's about all of that and then I have another book called this one was written in 2015 that's my review copy yeah the coconut oil low carb solution for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and I wanted to say and this and this and this and my editor said no you have to stop your title somewhere you know but it's just simpler version It's the thinnest book I've written you know and it's really goes into eating a whole food healthy diet and how to incorporate coconut and MCT so those are my books okay and one book that I read not too long ago that I thought was really fascinating really good was um by Dr Robert lustig L S and um it's called metabolical and um he he's an edoc chronologist um he uh studied nutrition as an undergraduate degree so he's been interested in nutrition much more than many endocrinologists you know very much into medications these days um but he's very much into diet you know treating um diabetes with diet and getting away from ultra-processed foods you know these overly processed foods that are very high in fructose and you know these unhealthy fats and all kinds of preservatives and chemicals that are added to them so that's you know really I I really agree with his philosophy in this book but he he really makes a compelling case for all of that um so that that's one book um that I recommend um and then um cancer as a metabolic disease Dr um Tom sea freed a very good uh comprehensive he's a geneticist he studied cancer as a genetic disease but he you know and he acknowledges that that plays a role in it but it's what happens to mitochondria that he believes is what happens in cancer cancer cells that they're defective they don't process glucose normally cancer cells greedily take up glucose um and so you know doing a very strict ketogenic diet as an adjunct to treatment could help slow down you know and maybe stop the the growth of cancers and and now you know many studies you know and many anecdotal reports but many studies underway of all different types of cancers with ketogenic diet and keto other ketogenic therapies Ketone Esters that are in progress so that that's another really good one um there's so many that I could could name they're wonderful recommendations I would just want to add to that for listen you might be interested is the one called ravenous by Sam Apple all about Oso warberg who studied the uh you know the warberg effects and was I guess the leading originator of the metabolic theory of cancer and I think it pairs well with um re yeah it does explains it in more detail that is a good book yeah f I enjoyed reading about this guy very super impressive um but Dr as a you you were an absolute uh Cannon of knowledge and I so enjoyed talking to you I could do another four hours of this is brilliant where can we find you and keep up with your work where can we find you on on the Internet thanks well I have a website that I've had up since 2008 um that was put out to provide information and um it's grown you know since then but it's called coconut Keet tones.com so it's spelled c c o n u t ke t o NES there is no Y in ketones and um I have like a page for Alzheimer's Parkinson's and dementia it talks about the various strategies I have a um a page on the ketogenic diet I have a it's a diet that was developed by Dr Eric Westman at Duke University for people with type two diabetes that could completely reverse it can get their blood glucose hemoglobin A1c complet completely back to normal by following this diet he's helped over 4,000 people with type 2 diabetes and I modified it a bit for people that want to incorporate some carbs you know so I have you know at the bottom of this I you can print it out everything you know you can print out everything for free you know from my website um so that's uh I think people find that interesting and then um links to my books and that suggested other reading you know and that type of thing you know was available u a lot of information about Ketone supplements and VAR discussions about various ones and that type of thing wonderful well Dr thank you so much for being so generous and coming on I've had absolute blast and I have no doubt The Listener will uh have so many takeaways for this and yeah thank you so much really been a privilege thank you for inviting me Ben I really enjoy this conversation and uh yeah I just thank you for helping me get this message out to many more people

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidHopkins-f7e [6 likes]: Fascinating. Sharp lady with interesting take on MCT’s, coconut oil.
  2. @fergusreisin6744 [4 likes]: Love this one!
  3. @caroltaylor5711 [3 likes]: Thank you for having Dr. Newport on. She is a wealth of knowledge and a great advocate for Ketones for healing. This goes against the big pharma view of drugs for everything and that is the main reason the studies are not done. Competes with the drug model of medicine. Good for Dr. Newport for persisting with her message of diet can fix disease.
  4. @watchingthewheels-kw [3 likes]: Iinspiring.  She is a force.  Thank you.
  5. @marlenenionesdevera9678 [2 likes]: I’ve been watching Mary Newport about coconut oil ( coconut oil I’ve proved that LDL lower it down HDL goes up and supposed to be that way anyways ,) I’ve been using miracle coconut oil since 20.18 and I’m happy outcome from my end + mix in my bullet caffe + everything I’ve eaten ;
  6. @labbe52 [2 likes]: 💯❤
  7. @safetyfirstkittensmom [1 likes]: Everybody will experience a friend or loved one that ages and their brain slows way down- a simple fix is presented here , Dr. Newport shows us the way!  And I use coconut oil everyday in my coffee!
  8. @yvonnekiwior9633 [1 likes]: Another interesting conversation, thankyou ❤
  9. @rosalynnchow5057 [1 likes]: In the 1970s - 1990s, I read that coconut oil is very bad for health; very dangerous for heart, cholesterol. So many people around me (South East Asia) insisted that coconut oil is evil, gosh. I used to grate my own coconut, squeeze out that white liquid and drank it raw. We call it "santan" - it's tasty, creamy and fragrant. One night I left coconut milk on the kitchen table overnight.  Next day, I was shocked to find, the oil and the light brownish sediment separated. The oil is coconut oil. To this day, millions of people looked horrified if you tell them coconut oil is super healthy food. Coconut oil derives from the white kernel inside matured coconuts. A friend who bought coconut oil in bottled form still fights with me that coconut oil DOES NOT COME from that white kernel inside the coconut. The brainwashing and level of demonization of coconut was, still is, out of this world.
  10. @Alex-jr8ew: It's difficult to believe the content. The doctor does not look healthy at all.

- Part III: Ketones, Diet, and Beyond: Lifestyle, Healthy Brain Aging, and Alzheimer’s Disease: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to this is getting old moving towards an age friendly world I'm your host Melissa Batchelor and today's episode is part three of a three-part series around about ketones diet and Beyond so lifestyle healthy brain aging and Alzheimer's prevention I'm joined by Dr Mary Newport welcome Dr Newport hello so in part one we talked about how a Mediterranean style diet can improve your lifespan and overall health and contribute um to preventing and slowing down Alzheimer's disease as a lifestyle intervention and then in part two we talked about other things that you could do again more lifestyle issues part one if you want to really understand what ketones are and how they are processed in the body you know I would check out that episode and so today we're going to today we're going to be talking about you know supplements the connection between certain infections and if people have had a concussion or other head injuries you know why are they at greater risk for developing Alzheimer's so that was a lot from me so before we launched into all that maybe just give us another quick review of who you are and and the work that you've been doing okay so I'm Dr Mary Newport I'm a physician I practice newborn intensive care for 30 years and then my husband Steve developed early onset Alzheimer's disease uh so that is how I became interested in Alzheimer's aging uh what we can do to prevent it and ketones um I subsequently did Hospice care for three years the opposite end of the spectrum and then I did home health risk assessments for people on Medicare and Medicaid um so um that's my background okay um so let's talk about supplements we've talked about different medications we've talked about over-the-counter medications but now let's talk a little bit more about um kind of the vitamins and minerals and things that people may taking you know how much is how much should they be getting how much is too much but we don't have to go into a lot of detail because I'm sure you have some of this on your website too so just kind of a skinny version yes okay so um uh vitamins are uh nutrients and you know that we need in our bodies but basically uh we have to take them to get them so there are water-soluble vitamins vitamin C and and the B vitamins and then fat soluble vitamins which are a d e um vitamin K and um you know basically um if we don't get them over time we can have a problem um it's best to get vitamins directly from food as much as possible because the vitamins contain the natural forms oh I mean the foods contain the natural forms of vitamins that our body needs and um supplements that you get over the counter multivitamins um fortification of certain foods like white flour have synthetic forms of vitamins that are not the natural forms that we use in our body so um it's very important to try to get your uh the vitamins as much as possible from the foods that you eat if you're on say a low-carb diet and you may get a Mediterranean diet you'll get most of the vitamins that you need but you might not get enough and a lot of people do not get enough of certain nutrients one example is choline and most people may not have any idea what choline is but choline is part of acetylcholine it's a neurotransmitter that's important to learning and memory we talked about that and the other one of the other segments um and uh half of American women do not get enough choline in their diet it's also extremely important component of cell membranes throughout your body and especially abundant in the brain phosphatidylcholine is a part of a cell membranes and choline becomes part of that molecule that very important molecule so with Foods uh the richest Source are eggs you know chicken eggs other types of eggs are loaded with choline if you eat a couple of eggs a day you'll probably be able to meet your requirement fairly easily it's found in other um uh animal meats and chicken and things like that as well as some in nuts not not quite as much in Plants but um it's just important to get and if you hate eggs or you know you find that you're not getting enough choline you can take something like soy lecithin or sunflower lecithin which are a capsule very inexpensive that has a natural form of this choline as phosphatidylcholine substances that your your brain and your cell membranes can use so that's one example and they're a brand that you recommended for that because we can put a link to that as well um the brands out there but um I myself I just I use now I use the now brand n o w uh they're inexpensive um I've been using them for a lot of years so I tend to use a lot of their products but there are a lot of Brands out there that are available if you're allergic to Soy you might want to go with sunflower lesser than yeah I mean all of these recommendations Junction with a provider because I know like my mom had breast cancer and was advised not to you know take soy supplements just because of the type of cancer that she had so I do want people to be sure that um first of all read your book but also to work with their providers um and again your book is clearly keto for healthy brain aging and Alzheimer's prevention because again all of this stuff has to be kind of balanced but I think everyone agrees that you know Whole Foods and eating a healthy diet is kind of the building block and then if you're not getting enough from your food you can add these other supplements so now let's kind of pivot and talk about the connection between certain infections and Alzheimer's yes there are many different types of infections that can increase brain inflammation that can involve the brain and carry a risk for um Alzheimer's or dementia so avoiding infection is important but getting vaccinated for certain types of infection can reduce your risk there are studies showing that they can reduce your risk of dementia and these include the flu vaccine the pneumococcal vaccine for pneumonia it covers I believe it's 23 different strains of the most common form of pneumonia bacterial pneumonia and then uh covid-19 infection you know infection against covid-19 could potentially reduce your your risk of developing dementia there are people with covid-19 that have neurological effects effects on their nervous system and on their brain that have been have do go on to develop brain fog and dementia you know after having covid so it's very important to try to avoid infection in the first place the hand washing social distancing things like that that we learned I you know I personally feel that there's still um you know cobit is still out there we are seeing um in my area but kind of a Resurgence of it again here in Florida uh probably after the holidays and the many people that come from many other parts of the country here um and I myself I wear a mask when I go into a grocery store or anywhere you know where there's a crowd I have learned to live with it and you know trying to get out more and do more things um but being careful I go like if I go out to eat we go during it off time and when uh the place is not so crowded um that type of thing um I recently attended a conference and um I wore a mask the entire time I did not get covered um haven't had it don't want to get it um so um and who wants the flu I mean the flu will put you down for four or five days and the flu can actually have effects on your brain as well so people yeah so 65 and older the recommended vaccines are the annual flu vaccine your Pneumovax vaccine you know the covid-19 vaccine and your shingles vaccine so yes being sure that you check in yeah yeah so being sure that you're checking in with your provider that you've gotten all that health promotion stuff taken care of and then you know you've also mentioned to me you know about dental you know bacteria in your mouth so let's talk about because you know Medicare doesn't cover you know Eyes Ears or teeth and so a lot of people don't have um they don't have dental insurance but let's talk a little bit about the role that Dental Health plays yeah good oral hygiene is very important there are certain Dental pathogens that are involved in forming the plaque on the teeth um that have been implicated as possibly causing or accelerating or contributing to alzheimer's in some way so good dental hygiene is very important um getting good repair if you have cavities they're caused by these these um microbes in the mouth so you want to keep your your teeth in good repair if you have a cavity it needs to be filled so regular visits to your dentist brushing your teeth well flossing or using a water pick I like that a lot myself um so uh just you know basically good dental hygiene and it is strange that Medicare you know for some reason the mouth and the teeth are not part of your body you know considered separately you know but when programs will get you know dental coverage right and you think about the consequence of not taking care of teeth when you look at the cost that Alzheimer's disease is going to cost this country you know it's trillions of dollars compared to just helping people take care of their teeth but that's something that also needs to start pretty early in life yes you know you can't wait till you're 65 and wait for Medicare to do that so um so finding resources to connect um if you don't have dental coverage is important so now let's just talk a little bit about the role that um you know head injuries and concussions can play so I'll just let you talk a little bit more about that yeah yeah head injury is a big risk factor for developing Alzheimer's and other types of dementia um a famous case was Dr was uh President Ronald Reagan um he after he left office he fell off a horse and he had a head injury and shortly after that he developed symptoms that became obvious that he may be heading to alzheimer's he did develop Alzheimer's and he did and I was asking away from Alzheimer's yeah he also um was a football player he was the president that actually signed you know the first legislation around Alzheimer's disease into um into law and I learned this when I served in the Senate on the special committee for aging and he's actually our only president that has died from Alzheimer's disease but back to those are just like random facts yeah yeah so if someone's had an injury how does that work yeah um when you get ahead of injury a concussion basically you lose Consciousness or there's some bleeding in that area of the brain um plaques and Tangles will form in that injury uh very similar to what happens in Alzheimer's disease um but football players people that engage in other sports where they have head injuries will have repeated traumas to the brain um that they've documented like in a young football player who passed away uh for another reason they found 20 different injuries in his brain where he had blocks and Tangles it's called chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE uh that was identified I want to say maybe 10 or 12 years ago um it by studying brains of football players and so um you know we want to avoid head injury and it's very common in older people to fall but to have Falls um it's a poor it's a it's a tragedy that you can have separated shoulders fractures and head injuries uh with a simple broken wrist yeah yeah there you go there you go so yeah that's how it goes yeah so taking uh when I did Hospice every day I got calls about patients that fell um and it can be tragic you know when that happens so you know we need to be uh you know very careful about that if you're you know a simple thing that I've done in my house I have these little um night lights that like their motion detector night lights so if I have to get up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night it will trigger that to come on and it lights my Pathway to the bathroom and that would have been good I might have seen my cat if I had had done that exactly exactly and um uh some people have a lot of little area rugs throughout their house it's really common to trip on one of those so you might kind of reevaluate that you know how much you really need those um uh you know just uh fall prevention um yeah some people who are older are quite weak and um they don't want to bother someone else to help them you know to get up and use the bathroom or something like that but um uh take advantage of the help that you have if you're in that situation um and don't fall um and if you're younger and you're engaged in a sport where there's a likelihood of a head in injury you might rethink that there are plenty of other sports where you don't have to worry so much about head injuries right and so that makes me think of you know there's a thing called a home safety checklist which I will put you know in our chat um and then you know this also you know the fall thing the fall risk ties back into the exercise if you're doing strength training you know also need to include balance and flexibility and actually um I had when I was in the Senate we were doing a hearing um or preparing for something related to Falls and there's actually a program around um how dance there was like a dance exercise program where it really just kind of helped you get reacquainted with the floor and actually you know heard heard the guy from Blue zones talking the other day and he was talking about most other cultures fit on the floor regularly and they have to get up and you know that you think about what it takes to sit on the floor and get back up and I'm like you know as Americans we probably should be get a little bit more reacquainted with the floor to prevent these Falls I mean if you think about Ivanka Trump she passed away from a fall so any of those yeah so all those things are important and will include links to those any final words before we close out our series well um just to remind everyone that you know there are a lot of things that we can do the experts say that 30 to 40 percent of cases of Alzheimer's and Dementia may be preventable by making Lifestyle Changes diet being number one exercise a close number two and then just many other things getting adequate sleep um uh well we didn't talk about sleep apnea if you snore or you don't feel like you got a good night's sleep you could have sleep apnea treating that that's one of the the known causes of dementia is sleep apnea that's untreated controlling blood pressure you know those types of things or many other um that people can do right and so what I'm gonna do one more time is recommend your clearly ketones book and we'll have a link to this you know in the description here on YouTube and in the podcast platforms and on my website melissabphg.com if people want to learn more about you and the work that you're doing they can find you on your website which is coconutketones.com and your email is ketones08 gmail.com and again I will a lot of the things that we've mentioned I'll have hyperlinked in the blog on my website for people to learn more so I really appreciate you being with me for this three-part series and sharing your expertise and the things that you have learned because I really do think that you know diet lifestyle that those are really going to be our strongest weapons against reducing the number of people that end up with Alzheimer's disease so thank you very much for being with me I've been welcome I couldn't agree more and thank you so much Dr Batchelor Melissa for having me on all right thank you you're well thank you for tuning in to this is getting old moving towards an age-friendly world I'm your host Melissa Batchelor and if you'd like to learn more you can check out my other episodes on my YouTube channel by either by subscribing and ringing the bell to get immediate notifications when new content comes out in addition you can also find the audio version of the podcast on Amazon music Spotify iTunes and Stitcher please feel free to leave an honest review because more reviews mean more awareness of the podcast and helps us move towards an age friendly world if you have a comment or a question you can visit my website melissabphd.com go to the contact Melissa Tab and you can leave me a voice message you never know it might just include your question or your comment in an upcoming episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @ravingcyclist624: Diet is extremely important. America has an epidemic of obesity caused considerably by eating too much sugar and starches and seed oils. And not eating the proper foods: meat, eggs, saturated fats.   Some super foods are liver and sardines.
  2. @ravingcyclist624: Statins are of concern with dementia. One recent clinical trial studied people with dementia who were taking statins. Taking them off of statins, their dementia improved. Put them back on statins, the dementia returned.
  3. @williamhenry3337: What about soccer players that spend the entire game hitting the ball with their head?
  4. @efteali6959: I feel guilty for my mother's death. I give her food, medicine and nutritional supplements. She was exposed to dyslipidemia, which led to epilepsy, and she became unable to breathe, then she suffered a stroke, then pneumonia, then septic shock, low blood pressure, and her heart stopped. Something you gave her is wrong or doesn't fit her

- Unconventional But Effective Therapy for Alzheimer's Treatment: Dr. Mary T. Newport at TEDxUSF: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I am a neonatologist which is a physician that takes care of sick and premature newborns but I'm talking about Alzheimer's disease tonight because my husband of 40 years Steve has early on set Alzheimer's disease um I came upon something on the Internet purely by chance to help him that gave him a reprieve from the disease but it was because of what I do for a living that I recognized it when I saw it whoa geez Steve is a stay-at-home dad and he worked for my practice as an accountant at home while I pursued my career as a neonatologist uh at but at age 51 Steve began having problems with his accounting he began uh making payroll mistakes missing tax deadlines and then he couldn't remember if he'd been to the bank in the post office but at first this was attributed to depression but by 2004 he continue to have problems with his uh making accounting mistakes and with memory and so he was diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease at that point in time by 56 years old Steve could no longer do do any accounting at all he could no longer use a calculator and he could not even do simple math we found out that he couldn't read a map when he was driving home from Tallahassee one night and he got lost and ended up on the other coast of Florida about 3 hours away from home so he had to give up driving shortly thereafter by age 58 Steve was on a downward spiral he had Tremors in his hands and in his jaw he could no longer read due to a visual disturbance his gate was slow and weird and he could no longer run his personality and sense of humor had disappeared and he was much more likely to take his lawn tractor apart than to cut the grass with it and so uh being on a downward spiral we were desperate for something to help Steve and in the may may of 2008 a couple of new drugs became available for clinical trials and so he was scheduled for screenings on two successive days and I started thinking the night before what if he gets accepted into both trials we have to pick one so I began to look for the RIS and the benefits on the internet and um Came Upon a third treatment which was for a medical food called ac122 at that time and it was they claimed that it improved the memories and cognition and nearly half of people with Alzheimer's who were given this but it didn't say what it was or what it did so I found their patent application online and there in was a beautifully written description of an aspect of Alzheimer's disease that I was not familiar with that is a type of Diabetes of the brain a group at Brown University in 2005 reported that when they looked at the brains of people who had died with Alzheimer's that did not have type 1 or type 2 diabetes that they found insulin resistance and Insulin deficiency in all of these brains and they coined the term type 3 diabetes to indicate Alzheimer's dis disease they further reported in 2008 that this happened in the earli stages of the disease and it became more severe and more widespread with each subsequent stage of the disease until it was throughout the brain other researchers have reported that uh this may occur 10 to 20 years before symptoms even begin to appear and someone who is at risk for this disease so with this means is that since glucose is the preferred and primary fuel for the brain and other organs that um without insulin glucose cannot get into cells so the cells begin to malfunction and die the neurons in the brain and then over time you begin to see symptoms but glucose is not the only fuel that the brain can use when we go into starvation within 36 or 48 hours we use up the glucose that is stored in our body and we begin to break down fat and part of that fat is converted to Ketone bodies in the liver and Ketone bodies can serve as an alternative fuel for brain cells and for other organs and so here is an idea that use of an alternative fuel could bypass the problem of insulin resistance and Insulin deficiency in the old time or brain but you don't have to be in Starvation to raise Ketone levels another way to do this is with the classic ketogenic diet and um what this diet is a very high fat diet and a very low carbohydrate diet and it has just enough protein to maintain lean body mass and has been used successfully for more than 90 years in children with drug resistant epilepsy it has um actually some of these children have no seizures at all after having hundreds of seizures a day after starting this diet and it's been used successfully more recently in adults as well there are other forms of the ketogenic diet that people are more familiar with the Atkins and South Beach diets that are used uh for weight loss so back to the patent application they cited research by Dr Richard Beach from the uh National Institutes of Health in Rockville Maryland who has been studying Ketone Esters to treat Alzheimer's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases and he had found in reported in 2000 that more neurons survived in cell cultures when they were exposed to substances that cause Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease when the Ketone body beta hydroxy uate was added to the mix and so right around that same time in 2000 Dr Samuel Henderson had the brilliant Insight that another way of getting ketosis mild ketosis from consuming medium chain triglycerides might be enough to improve cognition in people with Alzheimer's disease and so he filed a patent application for ac122 which is simply medium chain triglyceride oil so what happens with medium chain triglycerides is when you consume foods that contain these they're taken up directly from the intestine into the liver and part of it is converted to ketones and ketones are released into the circulation they cross the blood brain barrier and they're eagly eagerly taken up by brain cells um and provide you know the cells with um energy so this rang a bell with me because I'm a neonatologist we used to use medium chain triglyceride oil to supplement the feedings of our premature newborns in the late '70s and early 80s to help them gain weight faster and then the formula manufacturers began adding it to their infant formulas because they were trying to mimic human breast milk which has 10 to 177% of the fats as medium chain triglycerides if you look at any infant formula can today virtually every one of them will have medium chain triglyceride oil or another oil that contains that on the label So reading through the patent application I learned something else that I did not know up to that point that medium chain triglyceride oil is extracted from coconut oil and I did not know at that time that medium chain triglyceride oil was available over the counter but I did know that I had seen coconut oil in the health food stores so ac122 had completed Phase 2 clinical trials and they found that just with a single dose of MCT oil and also with prolonged use of MCT oil that there was improved cognition and memory in nearly half the people with Alzheimer's that took it and so it was approved by the FDA it's a prescription medical food in the spring of 2009 but this was May of 2008 we were still a year away from this being available so you know obviously this is something I wanted to use to try to treat my husband if possible I finished reading this patent application at about 1:00 a.m. the night before the screening and he was scheduled at a.m. so I didn't have time to run out and buy coconut oil so we drove to St Petersburg and Steve screened for the trial and he scored only 14 out of a simple 30o memory test and he needed 16 points to qualify for the trial so he was not accepted and we were very disappointed and he was asked to draw a clock by the doctor there a simple test for Alzheimer's and as you can see it was a poorly organized clock it doesn't look at all like a clock a few little random circles and a a few numbers and she told me that he was on the verge of severe Alzheimer's disease so driving home I thought what do we have to lose and we uh went out of our way to Tampa and picked up some coconut oil at a health food store where I knew I had seen it and when we got home I got on the internet again and I researched everything that I could about ketones medium chain triglycerides and coconut oil and I found the composition of coconut oil the fatty acid composition and I learned that coconut oil is 60% medium chain triglycerides so in the ac122 clinical trials they had used 20 gram and this equated to Seven teaspoons of coconut oil so the following morning I gave Steve Seven teaspoons of coconut oil with his breakfast and we went to the bird Institute here at University of South Florida and he screened again for a clinical trial and this time he scored 18 out of 30 needing 16 to qualify and he in fact did qualify for this clinical trial we were elated and at that point I didn't know if it was the coconut oil prayers or just good luck but we decided we were going to keep it going and Steve said many times after that that the light switch came back on in his spring that day so over the next weeks and months uh we began mixing MCT oil and coconut oil together MCT oil gives higher levels but coconut oil longer duration of ketones and so we also increased to three servings a day and eventually before so that he would get ketones Around the Clock available to his brain and what we saw during the first months of coconut oil that his personality and sense of humor returned he was much less depressed his tremors resolved he was able to start walking normally again and even start running his visual disturbance disappeared and he was able to resume activities again such as cutting the grass and mowing uh vacuuming the house without taking the things apart and losing the pieces so Steve had drawn a the day before he started the coconut oil and then he Dro Drew clocks 14 and 37 Days Later that were amazingly much more organized than before and uh this was reflected in other things that we were seeing with Steve as well during the first two months of coconut oil his Min mental status exam the 30-point test improved from 12 points about two weeks before when he had screened for a trial to 20 points out of 30 about two months after starting coconut oil so that's a very dramatic Improvement in in the score and he did in fact uh enter a clinical trial at that point um they decided to let him in because this was only a food How Could It screw up their results so he had U quite a bit of cognitive testing during that first year and we found out later that he was on the placebo during the first 12 to 14 months of the sty of the study it was a crossover trial and what happened with Steve was that he actually improved by six points on a 75 point scale for a cognitive testing and he also improved by 14 points out of 78 points on the activities of daily living test um other people who were on Placebo during that year dropped by an average of six points on that same cognitive test that Steve had been scored for he also had an MRI 2 years after starting coconut oil that was read as stable compared to the previous and he had had a dramatic worsening from 2004 to 2008 on his uh MRI so getting back to May of 2008 by the fifth day Steve's personality and his alertness were so much improved in a sense of humor that I felt like I'd gotten my husband back and we said to each other uh our life has changed for the better so I felt you know since Steve had improved so much other people would improve too and this is something that's on the Shelf now people don't shouldn't have to wait for a prescription medical food to come out a year from now that was already on the Shelf so I began a letter writing campaign and I uh sent it to many different politicians and media people and I you know told them about ac122 that she was just one example of somebody that had improved that this needed desperately needed and urgently needed clinical trials but that it was available on the Shelf now and people could use it if they they would just tell everybody about it but I got no uh serious response to any of my letters and so I put together an article in July of 2008 that I intended to distribute at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference to 5,000 researchers they have an exhibit hall but I was turned down for a table in their Exhibit Hall so I began to distribute at health food stores and online and in the fall of 2008 the St Petersburg Times ran a story about Steve and I this went viral on the internet so thereafter I began to hear from other people who had tried coconut oil Andor MCT oil and was getting very many positive reports I've collected almost 250 reports now uh from people and about 90% of those are people who have had some type of improvement and I realized people are less likely to email me if they did not have an improvement but about two-thirds of these people reported some type of memory or cognitive Improvement but many other reported improvements in quality of life recognition of family members again um relief from depression improve mood and improve behavior and uh relief from physical symptoms you know those kinds of things and some of those are very hard to measure on on tests so many months were spent writing a book to try to get this message out about ketones as an alternative to fuel for the brain that this can be achieved through food that Ketone esters are in development and that they urgently need to have clinical testing of both coconut oil and Ketone Esters and one of the main critiques of my book was that this idea needs clinical trials well my answer to that is well that was the whole point of writing my book without awareness of this kind of idea how would clinical trials for coconut oil ever get done so keto estros are now in development at the National Institutes of Health and also here at the University of South Florida Ketone Esters can raise Ketone levels many times higher than what you can achieve with large amounts of coconut oil and MCT oil there was a recent study that was published from the NIH by Dr Richard beach again and this time they used Ketone Esther beta hydroxy butyrate in an Mouse model of Alzheimer's disease and they found that there was reduced plaque and Tangle which are two Hallmarks of the disease in the brain and these mice and also improved memory and learning so very exciting uh information and I'm also pleased to say that the University of South Florida the bird Alzheimer Institute is beginning a study very soon of coconut oil and MCT oil and people with mild cognitive impairment to see if it will help relieve symptoms and also prevent progression to Alzheimer's disease and just down the road here at another Lab at you University of South Florida they are studying ketogenic diets with including medium chain Tri triglycerides and Ketone Esters in animals right now to study oxygen toxicity Alzheimer's epilepsy lugaris disease which is ALS cancer and wound healing they may very well have some very exciting and promising results are coming out of this and and um they may very well be the ones to find a cure for cancer in this lab so if you or anyone that you know or love has Alzheimer's disease or another condition that involves decreased glucose uptake into the brain or if you're at risk for one of these disease consumptions of medium chain triglycerides on a daily basis could possibly bring about some improvement a reprieve from the disease um but while we are waiting for these clinical trials to be done you know for Ketone Esters you can consume medium chain triglycerides in your diet they are not available in the T typical oils that we eat in our American diet and that includes all oil and fish oil but they are available in MCT oil coconut oil palm kernel oil and in the milk fat of humans goats and cows so if you're eating a typical American diet and you're consuming fat-free milk you're getting virtually no medium chain triglyceride in your diet so medium chain triglycerides are just food they're available on the shelf and what do you have to lose [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @sudikaffrowi7512 [6 likes]: Tq🌹Dr Newport. I'm watching this again since 10yrs ago & been taking VCO since then. Who's with me in 2026? ❤
  2. @trebleclef3886 [1 likes]: No question this helps. My mom has been on coconut oil for years and is now advancing to later stage Alzheimers. Yet at 90 and 1/2 years of age she is still living alone (with help) spends nights alone sleeping soundly with the aid of high dose melatonin (that is another treatment) and does not require being in a memory care home. The high dose melatonin that Doris Loh's paper discusses is something I have used with mom for the past year and she knows who I am unless she is not on melatonin, then she thinks I am just a friend. The Loh article is Light, Water and Melatonin. So why does coconut oil work? Because Type III Diabetes is present in most people with alzheimers so the brain is literally starving to death since intra nasal insulin is not being given and because ketones from coconut oil are used by the brain for fuel.
  3. @KANGABOY1: How fantastic! Can anyone reply please with the suggested dose of the MCT OIL or is it just the suggested dose on the jar? Thankyou💚
  4. @veronicaarthurs7013: Hello. What are those things on the shelf.
  5. @AnnWhisher: I would contact Robert Kennedy at the White House immediately with this information. I’ll bet a dollar to a donut. He’d follow up on it.
  6. @AshleyCarson-t2r: Outstanding findings on such a cruel cruel disease! It makes sense too! Alzheimers is more or less plaque buildup on the brain..and the coconut oil moisturizes it away! Absolutely fascinating findings! Its such an easy treatment too!
  7. @bburnsga: Clinical trial or not, this is WORTH TRYING!!!  The medical industrial complex & big pharma will of course want a million trials, ending in them making billions of dollars off whatever they end up with. Just TAKE organic, cold-pressed coconut oil or organic MCT oil & SEE if it helps!!  It is certainly NOT going to hurt you!!
  8. @guniopoyuki6544: It not only works for Alzheimer’s people that works for stroke victims like myself. The way it works is not rocket science. A baby‘s brain is like Jell-O, but as we age it turns harder and harder until it is like an old rubber tire. The constant application of the coconut oil to the digestive system, softens the brain tissue and allows more blood flow and oxygen. It got my words back after my stroke and allowed my brain cells to regenerate. I have given it to Alzheimer’s victims and watched them do a complete turnaround. This is 100% genuinely true.
  9. @kouki369: هل يستطيع أحد ترجمة العلاج بالعربية من فضلكم أريد أن أعالج أبي 💔💔💔😭😭😭
  10. @evieortega5778: Big Pharma does not want this information available. Health care, or sick care, is a for profit business.
  11. @omasma1936: Thank you very much for this information. You are very kind
  12. @kimkhalaj7613: AFTER SEEING THIS, I GAVE THIS TO MY MOTHER FOR DEMENTIA. I HAD HER DRAW A CLOCK BEFORE SHE TOOK IT AND IT WAS NOT SO GOOD. JUST ONE WEEK LATER AFTER TAKING ONLY 1-TABLESPOON A DAY HER CLOCK DRAWING WAS MUCH IMPROVED! HELPS!
  13. @PersonalStash420: It has been 10 years since this TED. Where are the results from all the studies? I don't think medical science and Big Pharma want to cure anything with coconut oil. Where's the profit in that?
  14. @betteduncan2323: amazing woman courage to reach out and make needed changes. may God bless her
  15. @Victor-oc4vm: Once Walmart gets wind of this, they’ll start charging $500 a bottle for MCT oil
  16. @Victor-oc4vm: So basically big Pharma takes MCT oil along with about $.30 or less worth of fillers so they can market it and sell it for the price of a new car every year that sounds about right
  17. @jajkojajecznep8238: You probably wont find it in store but can order online:  C8 & C10 MCT Oil. These are shorter fatty acids that will break into ketones in your body easily. They should be on the first place rather than C6. And its better than a coconut oil
  18. @stephaniefenelon: Truly amazing  doctor xxxxxx
  19. @karenlowe3949: Can someone please tell me how much MCT oil to take??
 &
 how much coconut oil to take per day???
  20. @anobserver1982: This brave lady is a real angel, shows us how the Lord can speak clearly above the noise, I fear that big pharma and followers will soon find a way to restrict our access to such truths, so we must move wisely

- How Ketosis Can Prevent Alzheimer’s Disease w/ Amy Berger: Kind: captions Language: en There's a lot of people that will be hyperinsulinemic but normal glycemic. They have normal blood glucose and normal hemoglobin A1C because of very high insulin. That's not metabolically healthy. You know, if you look at their their insulin dynamics, they're they're through the roof. So, um looking at that person's glucose is not really giving you the whole picture. And I think it's the probably the same thing in Alzheimer's. And the trouble with Alzheimer's though is that some patients seem to have normal glycemic response but not in the brain. They're sort of normal glycemic in the body. So sometimes these blood tests don't show what you think they would show. Now you can have a PET scan and you can actually measure the cerebral uptake of glucose in people in their 30s and 40s and it's already less than their age matched peers. And I say peers or controls because these these younger people are people that are at risk for Alzheimer's for certain reasons, usually a maternal family history or just a general family history. But so in in those people when they do these studies, they can see that that in that young of an age, these people are already starting to have a problem. But I think they're young enough and robust enough that the brain is compensating. They are they don't have symptoms. So they're asymptomatic. they still have this reduction of cerebral glucose usage, but it's not affecting their day-to-day life. But if they knew at that time that there's already a problem, that's the time to intervene. Not when you're 85 and it's too late, you know. I Well, I don't think it's ever too late, but that's the canary in the coal mine, you know, is that that early early problem with glucose usage. [Music] Hello friends, it's Mike Muscle here. Thanks for tuning back into another episode. We're live with Amy Ber. She's the author of the Alzheimer's Antidote. And today we're going to talk about blood sugar dysregulation, Alzheimer's disease, and cognitive dysfunction. And really kind of the origin of the brain fuel metabolic disorder, which we now know, as you talk about in your book a lot, Amy, uh that characterizes Alzheimer's disease, at least one subtype, which I think is really fascinating. So, let's kind of launch maybe launch with kind of this idea that Alzheimer's in traditional diagnoses and so forth is kind of relegated to this disorder that's incurable and treatable. You just have to live with it and there's no real effective medical treatments. But we now know there's so much more going on metabolically that we can ameliorate through diet and lifestyle, right? Yes. Um, you pretty much said it all. I mean, Alzheimer's disease, at least one significant variant of it. There seemed to be a couple of different variants, but the major problem going wrong in the Alzheimer's brain is that neurons in certain regions of the brain lose the ability to use glucose efficiently as a fuel. So, it's basically an energy crisis. These cells starve to death. Um, they don't die right away. They start to atrophy. The connections between these neurons kind of um enlarge and they and the synapses atrophy. And the result of that is the issues we see in Alzheimer's. memory loss, behavioral disturbances, um personality changes because your brain is literally not being fueled adequately. Um and it's just like the rest of your body. When you don't have enough energy, you get tired, you get clumsy, you make mistakes you don't normally make. Um and it's, you know, for for a long time, we've kind of been been resigned to accepting that there's nothing we can do about Alzheimer's. We don't know what causes it. There's nothing to do about it. you get diagnosed, get your affairs in order because you will decline. You will probably decline rapidly and you need to make decisions now that you won't be able to make down the line. Um, and I just think that that's there's something we can do about this condition. I don't think we are powerless. There's a lot of great research that you talk about in the book and things like that and we'll talk a little bit more specifically about the ketogenic diet, specifically low carb diet. But so what is causing this brain energy crisis like this? You call this brain brain fuel metabolic disorder, right? What like is it insulin resistance within the neurons or is there more going on? Good question. Um it's it's not known for certain what's causing it. I mean we know that there is a problem harnessing energy from glucose in these neurons. We don't really know why. Um I think and some of the research seems to indicate that many of these people are hyperinsulinemic. So over the long term they do have systemic insulin resistance. But there are some people who don't really have that in the periphery, but they have it in the central nervous system. So if these people were to take a blood test, they might not have chronically high insulin, but in their brain, it's actually a deficit of insulin. They have too little insulin because insulin does have functions inside the brain. Um, and you know, insulin is not the only thing that helps use glucose in the brain, but it's one of them. And and a lot of these Alzheimer's patients have too little insulin in the central nervous system. So, there's definitely some kind of problem with getting glucose into the brain or getting glucose that's in the brain into the cells to be used properly. Um, I think there's a lot of debate about what's causing it. And to be honest, we're not sure. I don't think any researchers are sure, but just like with type two, so Alzheimer's disease is starting to be called type 3 diabetes. It's all over the medical literature. That's not new. Um, so it it has a lot of similarities with type two. And in type two, there's a lot of debate. Even now after all these years that it's being researched, there's a lot of debate about what actually causes it. Even if we disagree and we're not sure about the causes, we know what the solution is, right? Or one solution that most of us agree on, low carb diet, you know, exercise, sleep, different things that that help insulin sensitivity, that help glucose metabolism, that help fat metabolism. Um, so I would say the same thing about type three, the same thing about Alzheimer's. We are not sure what's causing it, but that doesn't mean that we have no answers about what to do about it. Yeah. Very interesting. But I want to go back a little bit to the insulin in the brain and so forth. So we tend to think and and I fell into this mindset prior to reading your book, which is really awesome, by the way. So we'll talk more about that at the end and when it's available and stuff like that, but we we hear like, well, if you're insulin resistant or you're diabetic, then well then that means that you may be predisposed to Alzheimer's. But there's there's a correlation, but it's not really a causation. So, you can have, correct me if I'm wrong, like systemic or central nervous system insulin resistance, but be relatively normal glycemic in the periphery is is or what does the research kind of show there? Um, I guess it depends on what we're talking about because there's a lot of people that will be hyperinsulinemic but normal glycemic. They have normal blood glucose and normal hemoglobin A1C because of very high insulin. that's not metabolically healthy. You know, if you look at their their insulin dynamics, they're they're through the roof. So, um looking at that person's glucose is not really giving you the whole picture. And I think it's the probably the same thing in Alzheimer's. And the trouble with Alzheimer's, though, is that some patients seem to have normal glycemic response, but not in the brain. body. So, sometimes these blood tests show. Now, you can have a PET scan and uptake of glucose, but that's not the kind of test that they run in the average doctor's office. So, it's um that's really not something the average person is going to experience. So, um I think it's it's almost hard to tell if if that's the problem that's going on. Um, I still think some of these dietary and lifestyle interventions would be worth doing even if you're not sure that that's the problem because you you just might not be able to measure it if if it's limited to the brain. Yeah. Very interesting. And going back to the PET scans in the book, you talk about how 30-year-olds and 40-year-olds if when they do the PET scan, it's like the glucose MW test. Was that it? I'm probably getting that wrong, but I don't know if I don't know if I know the specific name of the test, but they Yeah. can measure the cerebral uptake of glucose in people in their 30s and 40s and it's already less than some of their general family history. But um so in in asymptomatic. They still have this and it's too late. You know, I well, I don't think it's ever too late. We'll talk about that in a minute maybe. Um that's that's the canary in the coal mine, you know, is that that early early usage, you know, problem with glucose usage. Yeah. So that's preclinical. So people they may be a little forgetful like you talk about in the book like the senior moments like you forget your keys and things like that. So for someone in their 30s or 40s and they might be having a increased frequency of these quote unquote um senior type moments that's when it's like we need to step back right per your recommendations and really look at our diet and say you know what there could be something metabolically going on within the brain I should change my diet and lifestyle. Yeah I think um those those type of like senior moments or you know you forget your keys you lose your purse. I think those don't happen as much in the 30s and 40s. I think those people are still totally compensating just fine. But maybe in the 50s 50s and 60s would I guess they they call that early onset Alzheimer's. I think that is when those moments become more noticeable. But maybe when you're younger it could just be brain fog, fuzzy thinking. And we know and and probably a lot of the people watching know that one of the most commonly reported quote unquote side effect of a low carb or ketogenic diet is is clearing away of brain fog. sharp thought, mental clarity because the brain is finally getting this premium fuel, right? But it's it is amazing to me that the the process the the pathology of Alzheimer's starts that early. Yeah. Really interesting stuff. And so I think that's the impetus for people to change your diet and go on a relatively low carbohydrate, not necessarily always a ketogenic style diet for some athletes don't do well on it and so forth, but I think dropping the carbs, especially processed carbs, will benefit majority of people. Yeah. And I'm glad you said that because I think um I don't think a strict ketogenic diet is required. Um once somebody's illness has progressed to the point where it's really severe or really long-standing, then I do think you need a very dramatic intervention. that's not the time to play around. But when somebody is younger and maybe it's just kind of very early, they're having some problems with their thinking, um, probably just doing low carb and just resetting, you know, glucose metabolism. Um, you know, a little more fatty acid metabolism is probably going to help, but I don't think those people need to be, you know, gugging down lots of coconut oil and butter and so MCTs and things, exogenous ketones, which I definitely want to talk about towards the end a little bit. But let's go back to insulin in the brain and talk about the mechanisms through which maybe a ketogenic diet would help brain fuel metabolic dysregulation. And so it's is it because it's insulin I mean there's many facets to ketones and their pleotropic and all that which I would love to explore as well. But is the ketogenic diet affecting cerebral brain metabolism because it's independent of insulin? Is that kind of how we're getting restoring cellular energy? I think I think so. The transport of ketones into the brain is not insulin dependent. Um, it's not glucose dependent. The brain the the reduced glucose metabolism in the brain, you know, for a long time researchers didn't know what was the chicken and what was the egg. Is is the glucose not getting into the neurons or into the brain or is it getting in just fine, but it's not being metabolized properly? And um it seems that at first it's not being metabolized properly. The uptake is fine, but it's not being utilized. And so the problem is not one of supply, it's one of demand. So over time, the demand becomes less because if the neurons are not using the glucose, there's no need to take up a lot of it. So the disease then progresses to the point where it's actually just not even taking it up efficiently. So, um, the difference with ketones is even in an Alzheimer's affected brain, ketones will enter the brain and they will be used. They've studied this in animals and they've studied it in humans. They've studied it in people with dementia. Um, so the impairment of glucose metabolism does not affect the ketone metabolism. Um, and and the brain still needs glucose. I mean, let's let's, you know, be clear, there's there's no point at which the brain is going to be able to function with zero glucose. But when you're on a good ketogenic diet, if you're able to provide the brain's fuel with like 40 to 60, if not more percent of its fuel from ketones, I mean, that's a very strict ketogenic diet, but provide a significant proportion of the fuel from ketones, then the requirement for glucose is that much less. Mhm. And at least I mean there there's this one mouse study um where they showed that not only when you're on a ketogenic diet, not only is the brain uptake of ketones enhanced, but the brain's use of glucose is actually improved as well. It's like a double whammy. And my guess would be that that's probably because being on that type of diet, the entire metabolic system is better or is sort of like coming back to life, so to speak. So you calm the inflammation, you know, calm oxidative stress, restore insulin sensitivity a little bit. So then not only are you getting the ketones, you're also getting better glucose metabolism in the brain. Very interesting. And so that was maybe the network effects induced from the ketones or like changing the whole metabolic landscape, if you will. Yeah, I think it's it's not just the ketones. I think it's the whole process by which the you know a low carb diet would work because so many so multiffactorial insulin very interesting uh I said insulin but let's talk about ID insulin degrading enzyme I think it's you mentioned a little bit that there is this some sort of dysregulation with this insulin going on this is this enzyme I want you to explain it to to everyone that has this role with beta amalloid formation and and maybe let's talk about first what beta amaloid is and then how it's related to insulin and the okay so these beta amaloid oid is is a protein that comes from the amaloid precursor protein which you know proteins get chopped up and blended in all kinds of ways and this this amaloid this precursor protein gets chopped up into different fragments and there's a couple of different fragments that are specifically tied to Alzheimer's uh pathology and these these protein fragments accumulate in the brain and when and this is a normal process I mean this the cleaving of this protein is normal it happens in everybody the problem in Alzheimer's is that these proteins accumulate and they build up and they solidify into plaques. And it's these infamous amalloid plaques that you hear about all the time in Alzheimer's. Um, one school of thought says that this is a cause of Alzheimer's, like all these plaques and they're getting in the way. And that's true to an extent, but I don't think they I don't think they're the fundamental cause of Alzheimer's. They are an exacerbating factor once the the cause is already established. I I I liken it to a fever where if you're sick and you have an infection, you have a fever. The fever is a defensive mechanism. The fever is your body's way of trying to fight these organisms off. It's trying to raise your core temperature to kill these these pathogens. Um but even though the fever is a protective measure, if the fever gets out of control, if you have 103 104, you're in trouble. So then the fever itself becomes a problem. That's what these amaloid plaques are. They may be an initial defensive mechanism that once they get to the point where they've become so um abundant in in the brain and so sort of sticky and they can't be cleared away then they become a problem because they literally will block synapses. They will block cellular communication between neurons and I guess they they can become glycated as well. So they can actually become sticky with sugar and it's just this toxic sticky mess in the brain. There could be a lot of different things that cause these plaques to build up in the Alzheimer's brain. One of the big ones seems to be that there's an enzyme called insulin degrading enzyme. And it sounds like exactly what it is. It is an enzyme that kind of gets rid of insulin after it does its job. When when enzymes are in the body doing their job, they can't just stay there forever. When they're done, something has to get rid of them. So insulin degrading enzyme or gets rid of these gets rid of insulin. But oddly enough, it also gets rid of these amaloid proteins which is like fascinating to me and that's so it's there there are other substrates for ID as well. But it's really interesting to me that it's in at least two of them are insulin and these amaloid proteins. So when somebody is hyperinsulinemic, you've got all this insulin in the body. The insulin degrading enzyme is sort of too busy clearing away all the insulin to go after the plaques. So then the plaques are left to accumulate. So it's like weeds just growing and they just grow and grow and grow and then they in a sense it's it's not and and in the Alzheimer's brain it's it doesn't seem to be that they produce more of these amaloid proteins. The problem is they're not cleared away correctly so they're left to accumulate. Um there is there's evidence that one of the genetic types that is most susceptible to Alzheimer's disease produces less insulin degrading enzyme. So that could be I mean that's a contributing factor. If if you are naturally producing less of this enzyme, you're going to have more of these proteins building up in the brain. Yeah. Interesting. So it's but it's kind of like collateral damage in one sense like you you mentioned um the analogy that comes to mind is we think about cholesterol like how blood glucose aberrations create hyperinsulinemia and that creates hippatic denovo lipogenesis cholesterol forms and so forth. So, it's kind of a similar situation from what I gather with the with the beta amaloid. Like it it's kind of there, but then it becomes spirals out of control. Yes, I would say that that sounds on the money because it's like you said, cholesterol is almost like an innocent bystander. Like every time someone has a heart attack or there's a problem. Look, their arteries are all clogged, but the cholesterol was not causing the problem. The cholesterol was there to repair the torn and damaged arteries. So, these amaloid plaques Yeah. I mean post-mortem when they do a brain a brain dissection they can see these plaques. That doesn't mean the plaques were causing this disease to occur. Um in fact there there are plenty of Alzheimer's patients who don't have extensive plaques and there's younger people who do have the plaques that don't have clinical signs of Alzheimer's disease. So these plaques are not causing this disease. And it's at least now there's more and more research coming to light that this is the case. And there's more researchers saying we're going after the wrong thing. We've wasted a lot of time and a lot of research effort and money on the wrong target. We need to refocus. And the proof is in the pudding. I mean, every single drug that has been developed to go after these plaques has been a failure or it hasn't been a failure. They do reduce plaque formation, but it doesn't have any effect on disease progression. So we we reduce the plaque formation but the Alzheimer's still proceeds unabated just like statins with cholesterol like you were saying okay we've lowered the cholesterol this guy still died of a heart attack right because the cholesterol is not the problem and the amaloid plaques are not the problem or I they're not the main problem they are a problem but they're not the fundamental root cause of the disease right it's a consequence of this hyperinsulinemia partly yeah right there's other issues too and we talked about a little bit offline I know it's not an area of your expertise per se but you've explored the research enough that I think it's worth discussing that that uh I know Dr. Pomoder presented this back in like 2009 2010 that Epstein bar and cytogallo virus and so forth um there's a higher uh correspondence with this beta amalloid plaque have you explored some of that I haven't looked at that much but um there Pearl Mutter and also Dr. Dr. Dale Bredesen, who's very well known in the Alzheimer's community, um he writes a lot about these other kind of infectious roots of Alzheimer's. Um I don't I don't think that's incorrect, but I don't know if I would call that Alzheimer's. I might call it some other form of dementia. I mean, it's definitely some sort of cognitive impairment being caused by some of these diseases, but you know, it's I just think it's so many roads to Rome, right? It could be infectious, could be glucose, could be, you know, so much going on that that are all causing the same dysfunction in the brain. Um, I do think the the amaloid does seem to have antimicrobial properties. Um, I do I think I think it's a protective mechanism that that just gets out of control. Yeah, very interesting. You mentioned this repair and so forth and that made me think about sleep like microgal cells and how when you're sleep you're really repairing and that those are these very active cells within our brain. Um, is there any correlations? I again Alzheimer's research I haven't looked at very much at all uh with circadian rhythm imbalances, sleep impairments, night shift workers and cognitive decline. Yes. Yes. I don't I can't really comment on the night shift workers but the sleep dysregulation is a huge issue in Alzheimer's and it's kind of un like chicken and egg which comes first. People with Alzheimer's disease tend to have a lot of sleep problems and altered circadian rhythms. They also have, you know, problems even telling time, knowing what time it is, even by the daylight and darkness. Um, but is Alzheimer's causing them to have disrupted circadian rhythms or did they have sleep problems for a long time and it maybe contributed? I think it's both. You know, people with Alzheimer's definitely do have, well, maybe not all, but many of them have a lot of sleep issues. I think poor sleep over the long term can be contributing because like you said, sleep sleep is fascinating, right? I mean every single organism that has been studied or like living organisms sleeps. I mean even plants we could say have like a sleep relaxation type cycle but um every animal every mammal sleeps and we don't know why but we need sleep. If you do not sleep you will have major problems. Um and so there does seem to be one of the things that happens in sleep is clearance of a lot of this metabolic waste. And this this is done all the time but it's upregulated during sleep. Um and the beta amaloid I don't know how they know this but all these researchers papers indicate that the clearance of these amaloid proteins is greater during sleep than when you're awake. Wow. And maybe that has to do with one would presume when you're sleeping your insulin levels are lower. you know, even if you eat something before bed, several hours into sleep, your insulin levels will have normalized. Uh maybe someone who's chronically hyperinsulinemic, they're still going to be high all the time, but maybe they'll be lower than they are during the day when you're in the fed state. Um but sleep is um I think I think it can be considered a risk factor. That's that's when these toxic waste products are cleared out of the out of central nervous system. Yeah. And it correlates I mean at least epidemiological studies correlate sleep and circadian rhythm pertubations with insulin resistance too. So that's the other component too is it it's multiffactorial. It's not just the recycling and cleaning up beta amoid and other waste products but if you're causing fundamental insulin sensitivity issues then you're going to have other components. Let's talk about this idea that the brain really needs glucose. and a quote in your book you said I'm going to botch this probably Amy but you said something to the fact the body is a really good reducer and reuser of fuel and so if you're eating a higher fat lower carb diet your body can make glucose through denovo you know gluconneogenesis and glycerol and all that so you don't really I mean like in we go back to college like you know we went to you know college probably around the same time where it was like oh before test you got to carb up and have your pasta and this and that's probably the the worst advice right well I think in that case it probably does give you a quick hit of energy, but quick hit and then it's gone. You know, by the time you're done with that test, you're fried. Um, but no, I think the brain's requirement for glucose does not imply a need for dietary carbohydrate because like you said, we can make glucose from other things. Um, now when I the diet that I recommend in the book is not a zero carbohydrate diet. So you'll still get carbohydrate from vegetables, small amounts of fruit, you know, dairy products, nuts and seeds. But you know, the fact is even if you ate zero carbohydrate or as close to that as you could try to do, your brain would still have glucose. Your body would still have glucose. The body makes it. And anyone out there watching or listening, just know that the body needs glucose, but that doesn't mean you have to eat bagels, right? So there's different like neurons in the eye and your kidney cells and there's that really like can only metabolically utilize glucose but right yeah so I mean it's kind of interesting it's a little off topic but this idea that gluconneioenesis and ketosis are like opposite ends of the spectrum. There's a lot like the research that I've read is like if you're in ketosis gluconneogenesis is going on like you're making glucose for those cells that can't utilize ketones. So don't be so scared about it like cuz people are like oh my gosh can I have a little bit of protein on a ketogenic diet? Doesn't that turn on gluconneogenesis? Oh, thank you so much for saying that because glucose is not toxic. The human body requires glucose. You would be dead if you had no glucose. There is a reason your blood glucose never goes to zero. Um, yeah, glucose is not toxic. The problem is when glucose is too high for too long, too frequently, right? Chronic hypoglycemia. You better be grateful that your body has gluconneogenesis because like you said, red blood cells need glucose. certain cells in the in the you know kidneys or maybe the um the adrenal glands or something need glucose. Um we don't need blood sugar of 250. You know you can have adequate glucose for those cells within a normal glycemic um range. But unfortunately due to the growing popularity of low carb and keto and ketogenic diets, there's so much great information out there, but there's probably even more misinformation or at least incomplete information. And people have come away with this notion that, you know, too much protein spikes insulin and it spikes glucose. It it raises it. It doesn't spike it. It's not like having a soda pop. Yeah. Totally different. If it is spiking it to some very significant extent, then there is an issue and maybe you need some supplementation with insulin sensitizers or medication, but you know, your blood glucose and insulin going up a little bit in response to protein is what it is supposed to do. Um, and that's I mean that's a whole other topic, but most of the glucose that we see from protein is not gluconneogenesis. It's not that protein literally that quickly being converted to glucose. That does not happen that quickly. It's glycogen being released from the liver in response to protein, which is exactly what is supposed to happen. That is what a healthy body does. So, um, I just I don't want people to come away with the notion that they have to limit protein. If you are using a ketogenic diet as medical therapy for something like epilepsy or um you know cancer perhaps and there's a lot of controversy about that um or even even Alzheimer's, you might have a reason to aim for high ketones and limit protein to some extent, but the average person out there who just wants to be healthy and be fit and lose weight, you're actually better off eating a little more protein. Um es especially the elderly, you know, if we're talking about mostly an older population with with dementia, they're most of them just don't eat enough protein. They're wasting away. They're sarcopenic and they they need more protein. They don't need a lot of protein, but I mean just, you know, we haven't defined terms like what is too much protein. Most people do not come close to eating quote unquote too much protein, right? Yeah. I mean, unless you're a bodybuilder having 350 grams a day, you know, most people are not doing that. can't even fathom. Even if you tried, you couldn't. It's really hard. I've tried to eat 300 before and it's really tough. You'd have to I mean, you you kind of have to do it with shakes if you're going to get to that amount. You can't even eat that much real food. Yeah. You have to be train. Yeah. And the body I mean, just the physical mechanics of breaking. You have to be training a lot to really induce that. But one thing that comes up, you know, I mean, the by def by definition, a ketogenic diet, if you're in ketosis, it's very low insulin, right? That's because insulin negatively downregulates hypatic formation of ketones, right? We know that certain proteins do spike insulin. So is there any pro and the whole point of this conversation is to talk about Alzheimer's and there is some hyperinsulinemia or insulin dysregulation in the brain. Right. So is there any proteins that come to mind that if someone is really trying to like keep insulin down like really low due to maybe mild cognitive impairment or some neurologic disorder? What proteins come to mind that may be okay don't eat too much of that? Because I know every like you mentioned some proteins are more insulinogenic than others. I haven't I don't I haven't seen any published research on this, but have you come across anything like that? I haven't looked at the charts in a while, but yeah, I guess dairy protein is one that seems to be very insulinogenic, especially whey, which is why like someone young and fit and lean after a heavy workout, a whey shake is a good idea. A whey shake might not be the best idea for someone who's severely insulin resistant, obese, diabetic, has Alzheimer's. I think also some proteins that are just protein without a lot of fat. So, some some fishes out there, especially if you're just having like a lean filt of fish instead of eating more of the whole piece with with the fat and the skin. Um, but even even that being said, you're still better off eating like a pork chop or chicken or a steak than a bowl of spaghetti. So, it's like a spectrum. I mean, some people might need to be concerned about that insulin rise. I I I don't want to say spike because it's, you know, like about a small insulin rise from protein, but I think um that's that's not the big the big fish, you know. Yeah, it's clinically maybe not as important as it may appear to be like if you read a journal or something. That's that's what I think. And I'm not trying to negate that that it's a factor, but I think um there's bigger fish to fry, you know, or if if somebody's already doing this type of diet and maybe is not getting the results they wanted, maybe then they want to tweak decreasing protein a little bit and raising fat. But I think to at least start out, I wouldn't worry about the protein. Really good info. So to kind of summarize, one of the main reasons why you're very excited about the ketogenic diet when it comes to improving brain metabolic health is because it lower it's a low insulin diet and it's you're providing the brain with an alternative fuel substrate in the form of a ketone that can kind of the brain can utilize that cellular energy and become more plastic and mobile and get out of this funk of energy devoid. Right? So that's kind of what we're talking about. And well and I I will say I mean there's there's a a doctor named Steven Kunani or Kunain out of Canada and his research group has just done some really fascinating stuff. So we we said earlier kind of because of this is a cellular energy crisis in the brain. These neurons actually atrophy and these, you know, axons like the connections between these neurons are like these kind of long projections that stuff is supposed to go between them and these axons start to atrophy and they start to recede back into the neuron making the syninnapse like the space between these neurons is no longer viable. So like cellular communication totally breaks down. And so we think, okay, these cells are atrophing and they're dying, right? They're dead. But they're not dead. And we know they're not dead because when these people get ketones, they have better cog, you know, they have better cognition. If if those cells were absolutely dead and completely unresponsive to any type of fuel, there would be no improvement. But there is um so these these cells are not really they're not dead. They're kind of hibernating like they're just waiting to come back to life to get going. So when you said when they get ketones, so this is exogenous ketone supplementation in humans or animals? Both. Wow. They've done it in both. But I'm I mean we wanted to talk about the exogenous ketones. I'm so glad because normally for somebody, you know, who who is using this type of diet for general health, for fitness, I think exogenous ketones are not necessary. I'm not going to say they're a waste of time and money, but they're just not necessary. However, so I and I don't like the fact that these things are like now being marketed as a weight loss tool. I just actually slows down fat burning if your body's not adapted. I' I've read some research on that and I can see that because if the ketones are already there, you have no need to break down your own fat to make them, right? So, it can be directly antagonistic. Yeah. Um, but for somebody who has Alzheimer's disease or, you know, let's say Parkinson's, ALS, any other type of neurodeeneration, I think these ex exogenous ketones can be a godsend. Like, I really think they can be powerful. The problem with them is it's a short-term fix that's fixing the symptom. I think the real powerful intervention is the combination of exogenous ketones and a low carb or ketogenic diet because the exogenous ketones have a short halflife. It's only a couple hours that they're, you know, once they're used up, they're gone. Whereas compare that to if you are generating ketones by your own body through your own actions and your own diet all the time 24/7 even at a low level. You have a little low level of ketones to get into the brain and you're using this exogenous fuel. So I think that's where the money is. Um not the money like you know marketing money. Yeah. But like the money shot in terms of you know actually healing your brain and doing something about your brain. But the ex like I think that the ketogenic diet and these other lifestyle interventions that I talk about in my book can actually do some degree of reversing some of this damage that's been done. Whereas the exogenous ketones do nothing to stop the progression of this disease. All it's doing is managing the symptoms in the short term, which let's not discount the importance of that. I mean, especially for somebody in their 70s, in their 80s, you're not going to get those people to change their diet. You know, maybe you can, but especially someone in a home in a in a managed care facility, you can't you can't control the food in there. But even if someone lives with you, somebody who's 85 and has severe dementia, they're not going to wake up all of a sudden one morning and trade in their cereal and English muffin for coconut oil and eggs. So, in those people, if there is literally nothing else you can do to help them, get them some ketones. Sneak coconut oil into them however you can. If you prepare food for them, load it up with coconut oil. You know, it's I think there's other things that are more powerful, but that's better than nothing. And if that's the only thing you can do, do it. Absolutely. But let's go back a little bit and I I completely agree with that rationale. Is there ever a time when there's high ketones and high glucose? So, what I see people doing is they have a cheat meal and they're like, "Oh, I'm going to negate the like a like pasta, spaghetti, whatever." Like, "Oh, this cheat meal is good cuz I'm taking my ketones, so I'm still in ketosis." I I feel that that's sending m mixed messages to the nutrient sensing enzymes within your body and and what damage is that doing? It seems interesting. I know I totally agree. um in in a healthy well- reggulated body. No, there should not be high glucose and high ketones at the same time because that is type one diabetic ketoacidosis where you have very very dangerous levels of ketones and high glucose on a ketogenic diet in a in a healthy well-regulated body you'll have elevated ketones and a low blood sugar. Not not dangerous low but low normal. Um so I I agree. I don't I don't know what happens at the cellular level inside the mitochondria when you have a lot of glucose and a lot of ketones. It just seems like energy overload. It sounds like a bad idea to me. I I can't say for sure. I don't know. But I mean, normally the body, except in a keto acidosis state, you're not supposed to have high glucose and high ketones at the same time, right? It just wouldn't it wouldn't really happen. And I don't in somebody who's not on a ketogenic diet or on a low carb diet, what does the presence of all those ketones do? Are you able to metabolize them properly? Because normally, let's say like the metabolic machinery that normally generates ketones is not up and running. There's all of a sudden there's just ketones inside you. You know, your body's not expecting it. But we could say that of of anyone who really takes MCT oil or who's following a regular standard type high carb diet, those people still experience the cognitive benefits sometimes. Sure. Which, you know, that's the whole point of trying to use them for Alzheimer's even in somebody who's not doing a low carb diet. Um, the people watching might know of Dr. Mary Newport whose husband had Alzheimer's and uh he's unfortunately passed away this I think I forget but he's he unfortunately did pass away but she started treating him with coconut oil by putting it on his oatmeal. He was not on a low carb diet. He was following his regular diet but she gave him bits of coconut oil throughout the day and even then he had noticeable cognitive improvement. That's amazing. So, I think I I don't I don't think it's the best idea to do it, you know, in in someone who's healthy, but if if you have compromised cognitive function, then yeah, get get those ketones. Absolutely. And use it as a therapeutic tool. But I think what I inferred from your discussion is like you really want to focus on changing your diet because ketones, fish oil, they're supplements. Diet is the foundation. We want to work on that. So, so that's very important. I say I I think I use this in the book like it's taking these exogenous ketones is like p is like bailing water out of a leaky boat without actually stopping to patch the hole. You're just short-term like managing symptoms, but the actual problem is getting worse. Like these these exogenous ketones are great as a little band-aid, but they're not actually fixing the problem. And so that's where dietary changes kind of reprogram your metabolic machinery induce my mitochondrial biogenesis and so on. What aspect of the whole network improvement induced through through the ketones are you most excited about? There's a whole epigenetic discussion and beta hydroxybutyrate being a histone deacetylase inhibitor and that there's a million things that get me so excited that it's not just about like oh you're manipulating your macronutrients. There's other key network and we have a cat walking around key network and signaling molecules that are improved. Amy, what gets you so excited about that? I mean, for me, I just think the even the notion that um ketones can fuel the brain. Even a a an Alzheimer's damaged brain can still have better cognitive function in the presence of ketones. I mean, that to me is I don't know why that information isn't being brought to the Alzheimer's community, to the loved ones and caregivers of people with dementia. Uh that's why I wrote the book because this information is all over the scientific literature. These people don't know about it. They've never heard type three diabetes or diabetes of the brain. They don't know. Um, and I don't know that this is it's it's not a magical cure. I mean, I don't I nobody should get that impression, but it's it can be effective. There are zero effective pharmaceutical drugs for this condition. The standard of care is that there is no standard of care. The standard of care is get your affairs in order. You know, this is a progressive, irreversible condition. I don't know why even the mere idea that Alzheimer's is a is a fuel problem. It's it's an energy crisis in the brain and there's ways around this. I don't know why that's not being talked about more, right? But it's it's kind of the same thing like with type 2 diabetes. It's starting to change now, but why aren't people banging the low carb drum harder? you know you okay you have a problem with chronically high blood sugar let's there could be a lot of things contributing maybe we're not sure let's start with a big elephant in the room and get the carbohydrate out of your diet that's one big way to lower the blood sugar so okay Alzheimer's disease your brain is not metabolizing glucose properly let's give it a fuel it does metabolize properly like end of story I don't know why this isn't oh why isn't this out there but hopefully hopefully my book is going to get it out there absolutely There's more to it. I mean, I'm not trying to oversimplify it, but that's the starting point, you know, is is changing the diet because it's it's a big a big lever, right? A small hinge that swings big doors, as they say, right? It's like it's like one intervention, change the diet that has multiple effects throughout the body and and obviously the brain. Yeah, beautifully said. And let's kind of summarize with some other effects, other lifestyle changes I should say, that have a favorable effect on inducing uh you know, brain resilience, plasticity, preventing cognitive decline, things you talk about in the book, learning an instrument, uh d-stressing, the sense of community and and social isolation is something that's unique and has emerging as like a a risk factor and so forth. What other things kind of pop into your mind that you want to discuss? Um, definitely exercise. Yeah, you know, it's it's like totally cliche at this point. Oh, diet and exercise, diet and exercise. But it's because it's true. It works. Um, exercise is really good for brain plasticity. There's something called brain derived neurotrphic factor, which is kind of this protein. I think it's a protein that um it's it's it helps neurogenesis. Like we've we used to think that you could not generate new neurons in the brain. you can um and you can keep the ones you have in active working order by giving them a reason to stay active. You know, get out there, exercise, walk, especially if you can be in nature, get some stimulation by the, you know, the greenery and the fresh air. And I and let's not forget how good exercise is for improving the whole insulin sensitivity system and glucose dynamics. I mean, I think that goes hand in hand. talked about sleep, um stress, I think, um they have found a lot of Alzheimer's patients have been under chronic stress for a long time. You know, a lot of them, not I mean Alzheimer's strikes everybody. It's it's an equal opportunity disease so to speak, but um a lot of type A type people get this people that were like go go, always on, always working, and they never sort of took time to recharge. And we do that at our peril. You know, we have um we're in this society where like it's all the more you can do and be productive and and keep turning out content and keep working and hustle. Yeah. Like the hustle and nobody celebrates I'm just going to go take the day off and sit around and do nothing. Right. It's really interesting along those lines. So meditation does that come up like in with people that have Alzheimer's or was more of a preventative strategy? Good question. Dale Bredesen has a pretty fascinating study out where he's he's done a little bit of reversing Alzheimer's and and subjective cognitive impairment and his protocol is multiffactorial but it includes some form of medit I mean it includes you know low low carb well low glycemic diet um MCT oil uh getting vitamin and and micronutrient replete there's a lot of supplementation in it um it includes I want to say a 12-h hour daily fast So between between dinner one night and breakfast the next morning, you go at least 12 hours and end dinner at least 2 or 3 hours before you go to sleep, try to get 8 hours of sleep. So it's multiffactorial, but one of the facets of his program was some type of meditation, whether it's yoga, pilates, or whatever someone finds relaxing like that. As for whether it's more preventive, I don't know. I think it could be in terms of it's just one one more of those like de-stressing activities. Yeah, very interesting. Have you dove into the research on some of the neuronal changes associated with meditation? Personally, I have not because to be honest with you and your audience, I do not like meditation. Is that right? Just not a fan. So, you just like to go out and do your exercise and get out in nature. Is that Yeah. I think for me my meditation is walking outside, but not like in a city in an urban big area. I live near a place where there's a really nice wooded trail near a lake. And being out there is my meditation. Cooking is my meditation. I think whatever it is that calms you and gives you joy could be meditation. But I I don't know because I haven't looked in terms of like the actual changes there may be something too like sitting quietly and getting centered and all that. I don't know. Well, no. I mean there is I think different sitting on the cushion is you know is a different technique than like Shinun Roku I think they call it in Japanese where where they have like forest bathing where people literally they studied folks that walk in an urban like a city where there's taxi cabs and fire trucks and all that sort of stuff and then walk for the same amount of time in a in a nature reserve and there's a different change in the parasympathetic nervous system and brain chemistry. So, I think you're on to something. And, you know, just the idea that like sitting on a cushion for 20 minutes twice a day may not work for for your brain. That doesn't mean that that you know, you can get a lot of benefit from being out in nature is the thing. So, personalize your stress reduction therapy is what I was trying to say. Yeah. No, I I would agree with that. I think um find something that works for you. Like if like for me, I really really don't like yoga. Yoga stresses me out. It it's doing the opposite of what it's supposed to do. So, I need to find some other activity that I actually do unwind and and feel calm in. Awesome. Yeah. Cool. Well, we have a few final questions and one of them was about exercise. So, I'll I'll I'll have a little bit more context there. But Amy, before we kind of transition a little bit to some final questions here. Anything about the book that we didn't really talk about that you want to share with viewers? I guess the book is kind of interesting in that the whole first section is devoted to Alzheimer's origins and pathology and kind of what's going on. Um, and much of the rest of the book is explaining why a low carb diet is safe. Because probably most of your fans are are not scared of of eating butter and eating red meat and fatty meats anymore, but a lot of people are, especially the people with Alzheimer's who are a little bit older. you know, they're even from the generation where the doctor was always right and um you know, the doctor said, "I need to be on a low cholesterol, low-fat diet or just having having, you know, gotten most of their nutritional information in the in the ' 60s or so or the ' 50s." They were really the first generation that was indoctrinated with this like low saturated fat, you know, don't eat red meat. Um, and so a lot of the book is explaining why not only is this safe to do, but it could actually be really really beneficial, if not life-saving in a way. Um, we didn't talk about the APOE4 gene. Do you want to talk about it? That's awesome. Yeah, I would love to. Um, the the biggest genetic risk factor for Alzheimer's is the APOE4 genotype. And this gene does not cause Alzheimer's. It is a risk factor. It increases susceptibility in the context of the high carb diet and the sedentary lifestyle. APOE, this this E4 genotype, there's less of this in populations with a longer history of grain-based agriculture, whether that's like in parts of Asia where they were eating rice or they say southern Europe where it was wheat. Um, even among like the Maya and Meso America where they're eating a lot more corn. Um, I don't know that that's widely accepted, but that's in the, you know, in the scientific literature that eating a higher carbohydrate diet may have selected against this genotype. So, the people that still have this genotype in today's day and age are not suited for the high carb diet. Um, which al sorry, the 44 al. So, if you have that alil, then you should go or 44 is the worst, but even if you're hetererozygous, you could be like 3 424. If you have one four al it increases your s susceptibility and if you have two it's very significantly increased but there are people who are homozygous 44 that don't develop Alzheimer's and most people with Alzheimer's are not 44s. So we know that this doesn't cause it and you can absolutely get Alzheimer's with some other genotype. Um and if you are a 44 it is not a death sentence that you're going to get this. You have to you have to mitigate your risk just like anything else. Um, so I just I think if you're a 44, you probably have more reason than anybody else to be strict about your about your diet and lifestyle. But I don't think anyone should come away feeling like, "Oh, I'm a 44. There's nothing I can do." Well, you know what's funny about that is is on the reports from like Berkeley Heart Labs and Spectre and these other reports, usually that's associated with like a blood lipid panel. They're like, "Oh, yeah, we'll throw in your APOE genotype." And they'll they'll say I believe I could be wrong here, but on the 44 it'll say like a low-fat diet is recommended. Uh so I could be totally wrong here, but I do remember reading that and and so because I'm like, "Oh, I guess your poor fat metabolizers." So that this is really good information to I And you know, maybe a low-fat diet does work for some of them if it's not super high in refined concentrated carbohydrates. If we're talking about mostly low glycemic plants, nuts and seeds, well, nuts and seeds are fatty, but I could see that potentially working because if it's still a low insul insulinogenic diet. So, if they're just not eating bread and pasta, if they're eating a lot more vegetables, even fruit, um, low-fat meats, I could see that working. But, um, the E4, it is associated with a lot of lipid abnormalities. They tend to have, uh, well, sometimes really high cholesterol. um that could also be another factor by which this affects Alzheimer's. It's actually a problem with cholesterol transport into the brain and we know the brain is loaded with cholesterol. The brain is like built out of cholesterol. If you're not getting enough cholesterol to the brain or for some reason the brain itself is not synthesizing enough cholesterol, it's a disaster. So statin drugs I think are an absolute disaster for Alzheimer's disease. I think they are probably contributing significantly to the disease. Um, cholesterol is so important for healthy cognition that if you are taking a drug that deliberately impairs the body's ability to create cholesterol, that is bad news for the brain. Mhm. And it's interesting so that HMD COA reductase enzyme that's involved in the cholesterol synthesis is also involved in hippatic ketogenesis as well. So I'm wondering too what sort of relationship I haven't looked exactly at that pathway in a little while but I know there's some correlation there. So if you're suppressing cholesterol biogenesis are you affecting ketone production would you know too it's kind of interesting to to think about but Amy going back a little bit to what you said. So these older folks that are getting well you know baby boomers right and may have mild cognitive impairment and they were taught that fat was the devil and so forth. Um, do you ever catch yourself cuz I catch myself sometimes like when I'm putting butter in my coffee like there's just that small little guy on my shoulder saying, "Oh, fat is does that ever come to your that fat's bad." Or have you are you so inated that you're like because I can see how someone who grew up in that era was taught that fat is bad. There's still some hesitation somewhere deep down in there. Oh, definitely. They're going to have a lot of hesitation. Um, for those people, all I can say is what you're doing now isn't working. Your brain is literally running on borrowed time at this point. You know, you are already in the disease progression. You got to nip it in the bud. Yeah. Um and there and there's no drugs to help you. You're on your own. You have to do something yourself. Um I I mean, all I can say to to those people who are still scared of this is there are hundreds if not thousands at this point of medical doctors, medical legitimate doctors using this not only for their patients, but for themselves. They eat this way. um they're not afraid of it because they know the science, they know the biochemistry. Do I think that everybody has to eat a highfat diet? No. But I think it can be very therapeutic for a lot of people. Um I don't really get scared of it anymore. Although to be honest, I am eating a little bit less fat these days for weight control. Um I I had been a little bit taken by the I can eat as much fat as I want as long as I eat low carb. And it's not really true. you know, you you can actually gain body fat while you're in ketosis if you are eating an extraordinary amount of fat, an extraordinary amount of total calories. Um, I wish that wasn't true. It sounds great. It's like just eat as much fat as you want, just don't eat carbs. Doesn't work that way. Interesting. Maybe for some people it does. So, I am eating less fat, but it's not because I think the fat is harmful. I'm actually just trying to lose weight. Right. Right. So, were you eating more meals per day? Like, what was um I mean to hit Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what's what's changed then compared to now? I'm adding a lot less extra fat to things. So, I'll still eat a nice fatty steak or a burger or a pork chop, but I won't bring the bottle of olive oil to the table, so I can just pour more, eat some, pour more, you know, I don't I've cut out a lot of dairy fat. Um, I found that's where I was getting a lot of excess calories that I didn't even realize just adding the extra fat that I don't really need from the cheese and whatnot. from cheese and just just from fat from from butter from coconut oil. Um and it's you know fat is not bad but there is a point Yeah. where if you're if you're trying to lose weight too much. Yeah. So I mean I I asked personally because I made a mistake early on in the ketogenic journey where I just substituted all my carbs for fat and was still having the same number of meals and it wasn't working out for me and because fat takes a longer time for the gut to process and things like that. So I was just personally curious to hear your side of the story and I think that is interesting you know when a lot of people get into it they're like coconut oil and everything ghee on everything and it's like that is just too much calories right at some level right so that's kind of interesting and I think it works for some people which is why it's so popular but I think some people find or at least initially when you're making the transition into this diet that tends to work you can eat a limited fat but there comes a point where if you hit a stall or a weight loss plateau that's probably the factor is just too much fat to switch it up a little bit awesome Well, I love where this conversation is going because the first of the final four questions is your morning routine. You wrote this great book. You do a lot of research. You're very active on your blog. Amy, what do you do during the first couple hours of your day? Do as I say, not as I do. I have the I don't have a morning routine. Um, I get up and and my routine is I have to have coffee immediately or I'm not human. Um, I wish that wasn't the case, but I'm a coffee addict. I'm, you know, born and raised in New York City. That's that's just the way it is. Um, how do you do your coffee? I do um I do stevia and I do uh right now I'm actually using half and half because I'm trying to cut out some extra fat, but um normally I would do cream. I do I do a little bit of dairy in that in that form. I don't put co I used to put coconut oil in it. I don't anymore. I didn't find that it was giving me any sort of boost that I that I could notice. I try when I can when it's nice out to walk first thing in the morning, too. If I'm going to do a long walk, I try to get it done early. And I feel like just getting out and getting in the daylight, even if it's overcast, just makes me feel better, wakes me up. Um, if I'm not walking, I'll go to the gym. And then I I I do that fasted, but you know, with the coffee and the cream, and you know, maybe I'll have a bite of something before I go, but I don't really eat a big meal. I us when I come back from the gym or from a walk, I tend to have a big meal, then I work for a couple hours and eat again. But my my morning routine is notable morning routine. It's um I wish I wish I was more systematic about things, but it helps. Yeah, I've noticed since um there's a great book called Triggers by Marshall Goldmith and he talks about morning and evening routines if if folks are interested in learning more about that. Um so let's talk about exercise. So if you could only do one exercise or for your brain, what exercise? We talked a little bit about this BDNF, that fertilizer for brain cells. What exercise would you do and why? Oh, good question. For BDNF, I feel like you maybe want to do something more intense, something high intensity. So that could be sprinting, it could be lifting, whatever you can get to that you feel like you're doing something intense. I think walking is really one of the most beneficial things to do. I mean, maybe it's not enough though. You really need you need a reason to to make your body stronger, to make your like your cognition stronger, to make yourself just more robust in general. And I think walking is good for maintenance. I don't think if you're in a hole, walking is not going to get you out of it. I think you need a little more. Um, if you're already doing well, walking can keep that going. Um, so I I would just say anything intense, whether that's going to be like, you know, weightlifting with intensity or sprinting or rowing or some type of, you know, more aerobic activity, but doing it at a high level. Okay. And so so I haven't looked at the research. So the intensity is key to induce elevations in BDNF. I could be wrong about that. I think I think they've done that walking does it too. I mean any activity will do it. So um I think the the message is to just get active you know and for somebody with Alzheimer's who is of advanced disease where like you can't they can't they can't lift weights or they can't you know even even jog or something maybe they can walk but the pace at which they're going to walk is maybe not going to generate anything. I don't want people watching this to come away with the thought that you have to exercise or you have to fast or you have to meditate. Um, those are great, those are extras. I think the number one place to start is with the diet. Um, if you can exercise, it's a bonus and it's really important, but if you can't, don't feel like you you should like, well, I can't exercise, so this whole thing is a waste of time. I'm not going to bother. Like, no. Do what you can. You know, if you can change the diet, do it. If you can fast, do it. But don't feel like it's a losing proposition if you can't do all of it. Yeah, that's really good good point for people to kind of hear that and it makes sense on the intensity on the BDNF. So if you're you know evolutionary purposes or thinking from it from that standpoint, a sabertooth tiger or you run into a cave and you have to run out and you get that intensity, then your brain is going to remember like don't go there at this time of the day or be weary of that sound or so forth, which is really interesting. And I just I I thought about it earlier and I forgot to mention it. There were some studies that came out recently that show that people that exercise were um get like exposure to a lot of traffic and like maybe run during rush hour. There's a higher correlation with plaque in the brain and so forth. Um so I thought that was kind of interesting. Again, not to deter people from exercising, but just be aware like if you're running near a freeway, you might want to run away from the freeway or go in nature like you were saying if you can. I mean pro I maybe like running near a freeway is better than not running at all, but maybe it's not as good as running in a quiet clean place. It's beautifully said. Fantastic. All right. So, if you were going to be stranded on a desert island, you can only bring one herb, nutrient, botanical, or whole food. Vitamin D and omega-3s are covered. What do you bring? One out of all of that or Well, just no, just anything. So, maybe it's some people say curcumin, probiotics, some people say rosemary, ginger. If there's just one thing that you just Well, you you did say a food product. So, I would say beef, preferably grass-fed, but if not, I mean, beef, you're going to get iron, zinc, B12, you know, selenium, you're going to get a pretty broad array of nutrients just from that. There might be some shortfalls, but you know, is curcumin going to give you all that? Mhm. Probably not. And then the creatine in the meat, there's some good research about creatine in the brain. Ah I'm not up on that but yeah just you know creatine has been in that the bodybuilding space for a while to you know for hypertrophy and in performance but interestingly there's some good research in using creatine uh for cognitive health so I don't that's kind of very fascinating stuff look at that yeah so final question here Amy if you were to among shoulders with a a political figure in an elevator of sorts and they turned to you and said oh my gosh you wrote this great book you've been studying the brain and nutrition tell me something I should know maybe I can influence polic policy around what would you want them to know when it comes to nutrition, dietary advice and so forth? A politician in the US or abroad? If if I could influence policy in the US, I would say immediately end grain subsidies because the minute we do that, now I could be wrong. I'm not a I'm not a politician. I'm not an economist, but the minute we end grain subsidies in the US at least, the price disparity between some of these whole real unprocessed foods and and the processed grains is going to become much less because there's a reason grass-fed steak and wild caught fish and pastured poultry and all that cost a zillion times more than a box of corn flakes. when we stop subsidizing, you know, corn and wheat in this country, be prepared to pay, I don't know, $10 a box for frosted flakes and then maybe, you know, $8.99 a pound for beef doesn't look so bad. Yeah, that's that's if I can do it. That was quick, too. You didn't even have to think about that. I love Well, there's probably a better answer, but that's the first one off the top of my head. That's awesome. Amy, it's been fun chatting with you. I commend you for all your great work. The book is really fantastic. So, it's it comes Let's let everyone know when the book's available, the title, and then also your blog. I think you have a lot of great information on your blog people should learn about. The book is called The Alzheimer's Antidote. It's coming out March 24th, but it's available for pre-order now. My blog is to nutrition, tui tnutrition.com. And it's um it's kind of just a blog now. There's not really a lot of content, but I'm going to be revising it soon to uh to cater more to people who are new to this to have general like quick get start guide to low carb, you know, special supplements, whether it's for Alzheimer's or for for low carb. Um I I want to be a better resource for that. Right now, I feel like my blog is more for people that are already doing this and already know a lot about it. Sure. Well, Amy, it's a fantastic book. Like I said, on the airplane on the way over here, we're in Baltimore, by the way, folks. Um I was really blown away by all the content that you have on there. So, a lot of books now, what I've noticed is there's like a little bit of content and then a bunch of recipes and it's all fluff. Guys, this is really detailed, really cutting edge stuff. I would highly recommend checking it out. I learned it. I mean, I studied this stuff and interviewed over 200 people. Tons of things that I didn't know that I learned from the book. So, please click the link below this video. You'll get direct access to Amy's book on Amazon and Barnes & Noble, wherever books are sold. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel. And I appreciate you guys tuning in. and we'll catch you on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nomdeplume4543 [5 likes]: I enjoyed her saying “I just don’t like meditation.” That was great.
  2. @KotoriOnWheels [2 likes]: PUFAs + carbs, that's where the research should be looking in Alzheimers
  3. @LaneCodeRedCarnivore [1 likes]: Mike is the best interviewer. He doesn't interrupt his guests. He lets them explain things for us ! Top Notch Mike !!!
  4. @janetb2217: I’m on HRT and still had horrible anxiety and issues with memory/brain fog.  I’m not keto anymore, but tried MCT oil since I know my brain liked ketones.  My anxiety went away.  Apparently MCT oil relaxes our nervous system.  It also helped suppress my appetite so I’m not snacking between meals.  It’s a win!! I thought I was getting Alzheimer’s which runs in my family.  It was effecting my job and I was terrified.  I feel so much better now!!
  5. @visionseeker7678: Amy Burger sorry, good convo
  6. @Alec_Collins78: How do they measure glucose uptake?
  7. @2pilgrims672: Shouldn't be eating olive oil to begin with Amy.
  8. @dirkheeres1265: Thanks so much for getting this information out there. I'm really glad I can absorb all of it!
  9. @peace-a: Just found this video. My mom was always a horrible sleeper and always ate high carb low fat her whole life.She's 88 and her dementia is rapidly progressing. I will try exogenous ketones, and sneaking in coconut oil on her like Amy suggests. Thank you!!!
  10. @science-y9209: Why does she not mention that alzeimers is caused by caused by the abnormal build-up of proteins in and around brain cells. One of the proteins involved is called amyloid, deposits of which form plaques around brain cells. The other protein is called tau, deposits of which form tangles within brain cells...
I mean.. why don't people wanna treat alzeimers ... but just live alzeimers ...
  11. @MovieRelated: It seems the IDE enzyme could be valuable. Anybody know if there is a way to boost the body's ability to produce this stuff?
  12. @elnomada7803: I love it, one of the most interesting videos about the insuline issue and the ketogenic diet. Thanks a lot :)
  13. @lillllliiill-r3e: Can I or someone please add a translation to this video? I want to show this video to my parents and they cannot speak English......
  14. @roustabout4fun: V. interesting!
  15. @bostaurus1: These two don't have PHDs. Neither is a scientist
  16. @emh8861: Just eat 2 meals 8 hrs apart. No snacking.
  17. @grandpasswapmeet2631: IMO, people's ancestors that ate mostly animal based foods have a low IDE, thus causing a build up of brain plaque. Keep the insulin low so your IDE (clean up enzyme) is not overwhelmed. Eat every other day, this will get your insulin (competes with plaque removal) low.
  18. @randomroseslostandfound: “End grain subsidies” Yes!
  19. @CottageCupcake: Shame on Amy, she has NOT done her research....you’re government has already found what reverses and cures Alzheimer’s!!!!COCONUT OIL!our brains are mostly fat! Keto on!
  20. @rosehavenfarm2969: "Glugging down lots of coconut oil and butter..."  
haha. 
Turned you off right there.
You can do better than this stuff, Mike.

- Dr.Berg Interviews Amy Berger on Ketogenic Diet for Alzheimer's Disease: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you guys we're talking to Amy Berger and basically she's touching on amyloid plaque there's a couple points about that sometimes it shows up sometimes it doesn't it's not the common thread it's not the thing there's a lot of ministers about it there's more data it's becoming but that's actually fascinating and then just to kind of summarize a couple things the unique thing about Alzheimer's is there's there's there's a sugar problem there's a lack of sugar and it can be picked up on a PET scan of like an absence of sugar so it's obvious somehow it's a the cells mitochondria cannot get sugar and they're basically starving right yeah that's in a basic overview that's the problem in the brain and when they starve then they lose the connections right you got these communication connections and synapses and they just kind of you know lose their communication lines Oh exactly I mean if people if people aren't familiar with the shape of a neuron I mean very basically like let's say it looks like this it's got the cell body the main part it's got all these little projections and the projections are how these cells communicate with each other the messengers are passed out of one and it's received at the ends of another and because of this energy shortage this fuel crisis in the brain it takes energy just to maintain the shape of this cell just to maintain the structure requires energy so when the brain is starting to lose the ability tech to have enough energy in order to keep the main part of the cell alive the cell body these neurons actually retract these projections are called axons and dendrites the cell will actually retract these into the cell body in order just to keep the cell alive so what I liken it to a vacuum with a retractable cord like you just suck that cord back in for storage but now all of these synapses all of these places where these cells are supposed to communicate are gone so those cells are no longer communicating with each other it makes perfect sense that that person is going to have memory loss and behavior changes and personality disturbances but but the beautiful thing is even earlier earlier on in my own research I would say that these cells were starving to death right they were dying they're actually not dying the fascinating promising thing in Alzheimer's research is like again when we give these people ketones whether it's through a ketogenic diet or these new exogenous ketone substances they have improved cognition now if those cells were completely dead they wouldn't get better no one would ever have any improvement because if those cells were dead it wouldn't matter if they could take a peak times or not because it did but the fact that when we get these cells this great fabulous alternative fuel they sort of come back to life they come back on language it goes to show that those cells weren't dead they were almost like hibernating they were in a low-power mode waiting to get enough fuel to come back and do what they have to do so so but I'm imagining there's not a lot of research just because who's going to fund this because then there's no money right I mean yeah there's not a lot of research but there is some and it's really really promising a lot of it is being done in Canada by a doctor named Stephen Cunnane and his colleagues fascinating and thank goodness it's not just in rats and it's not just in mice and petri dishes but in human subjects with Alzheimer's and with the precursor which is called mild cognitive impairment now people that that are very elderly or have very severe Alzheimer's do not show as good an improvement as someone who's in a milder state but there is still a noticeable improvement Wow yeah now what about intermittent fasting because that kraits neurogenesis no what's what's you take on that I think fasting can be a very helpful tool I don't think everyone needs to do it and especially specifically in the Alzheimer's world some of these people are already going to be underweight and frail and I don't recommend fasting for them they should not be fasting they should not be calorie you know calorie restricting but for someone who's younger like we said maybe 50s and 60s with this early onset Alzheimer's especially if they have other side of metabolic disease if they're you know have metabolic syndrome type issues um I think fasting can be great because anything that reduces insulin levels reduces blood glucose forces you know not forces but helps the body transition more into that fat using state I think should be helpful for any metabolic disorder including Alzheimer's I mean even the the topic of etapa G you know you're gonna recycle these damaged proteins that folded proteins all the different defects I mean I could imagine that that's probably gonna help but I can see your point if someone's frail and they're you'd have to have it really supervised and really watching closely fascinating now just guys if you haven't got this yet I wanted to emphasize one point you don't just wake up with Alzheimer's every night it's a gradual thing you can even have you could start to get this in your 30s I guess there is or 40s right I mean and how many people's go in a room and you're like okay what did I come in here for they start to have a little bit of that I mean oh we're not monkeys memory issues so I mean it's kind of a start of that it's so if you take care of yourself now you could actually be in better shape because once you get it it's so hard to backtrack you know I went to this the home or my mother-in-law they put her and I'm looking around there's this this place that they just take care of Alzheimer's patients only and I'm like oh my gosh if you could only just have you know let me just be these people because they're feeding them every hour and a half they're putting and their snacks and they have to keep feeding and feeding I'm like massive insulin so and it's just sad because I think probably the worst thing that happened to anyone is to lose your mind stuck in your body lose your mind go from someone that's brilliant to someone that's completely you know not even there that's like the worst I'd rather be hit by a bus myself but I mean Alzheimer's disease is one of the most feared dreaded illnesses because at least unlike so many other conditions there's literally nothing there nothing available to you therapeutic li there's all of the drugs that are available for Alzheimer's are useless they do nothing it's like here take this pill good luck I mean it's very sad but that's the truth there's nothing for them and it's you know at least as far as we know there's nothing you can do you get it you're gonna decline to climb decline and die but you know hopefully if people come to the summit or even just watch this video I certainly believe there's so much we can do about this we are like I am very clear to say there is a lot that's not fully understood yet but just that doesn't mean we don't know anything that doesn't mean we don't have enough information to start taking action you know what we pretend like we're totally clueless about this this illness why is it that over the last 50 or 60 years we've had explosive increases in things like obesity type 2 diabetes cardiovascular disease even infertility PCOS all these things and yet when it comes to Alzheimer's disease we just want to pretend like oh this couldn't possibly be a diet and lifestyle disease when it comes to all those other conditions even in the conventional medical world nobody questions that there's a role for diet and lifestyle in that if not the primary driving role nobody even pretends like that's not it anymore like oh oh it doesn't matter what you eat if you're diabetic doesn't matter what your diet doesn't cause heart disease right but when it comes to Alzheimer's we just dismiss even the mere possibility that this could also be every bit a metabolic dietary lifestyle illness absolutely and I I see that my practice over and over and over again of course it's not an official study but I've observed I know there's a huge connection I know there's something to it now guys at the summit Amy's gonna talk about something that's pretty exciting and it relates to having who you are having normal blood Sugar's right thinking you're fine but you're not fine there's some things that you guys need to know about that that relate to not just your brain but even men's health and a lot of other conditions so she's gonna talk about that she's gonna cover his topic in depth if you don't already have her book Alzheimer's antidote it's awesome awesome you need to get it son it's actually on a Kindle I don't know if it's hardback but it spindles for sure right yeah there's a Kindle version there is also a paperback that they can get from Amazon there's no there's no audiobook yet I've had some requests we just haven't had a chance to do that yet yeah that's a lot of work I know people are like what are you gonna do that I'll in my spare time yeah well I just want to say thanks Amy for taking the time for doing this I think it's gonna help a lot of people and you guys you'll be able to see her at the event I put a link down below for to get more information all right well thanks so much Amy I really appreciate it yeah thanks for having me take care okay good

  Top Comments:
  1. @cathypratt32 [11 likes]: I was diagnosed with early onset alzhiemers in 2012.
I am going to see how fasting and diet will improve my memory.
  2. @JUDALATION [3 likes]: you helped my dad so much... thanks a million!
  3. @savariaxa [2 likes]: Read the book The End of Alzheimer’s by Dale Bredesen this guy’s information is amazing yes Keto as a diet !read it you will be amazed 😉
  4. @Drberg [1 likes]: Just so you know, my full line of high-quality supplements is available on Amazon — search Dr. Berg Supplements.
  5. @beautyhealthyhahaha4921 [1 likes]: we have a saying `病從口入，禍從口出'。meaning  we get sickness from what we eat i.e. from our mouth; we get trouble from what we say , from our mouth again
  6. @barbaramonsolino6395 [1 likes]: As a senior citizen, I do what I call  a "modified" Keto diet.  I am worried about dementia and have early signs  -  I do eat some more fruits than recommended.  However, I am thin and wonder how not to lose too much weight while still on Keto.  Is that possible?  Mentioned in this video older, frail people should not do the fasting, but what about a "modified" version of the Keto Diet.  Perhaps eating more then 3x a day, eating more fats, less fruits....Could you still then produce the ketones needed?
  7. @ellanola6284 [1 likes]: I work in care & couldn't agree more. It is heart breaking to see people sufferring so much when not necessary. Statins are another big problem & lead without fail to dementia too.
  8. @beautyhealthyhahaha4921: I love all your videos ,thank you
  9. @stacocchio2713: How long after getting into ketosis before one would see an improvement in cognition?
  10. @peace-a: 6:51, so true. Rx do absolutely nothing for memory. My mom's dementia is only getting worse. And yes, mom stayed away from fats all her life. Always ate high carb and was always a horrible sleeper at night. No wonder her brain is not well.
  11. @faimazahrakouchou3829: I feel you are muslem because you speak about sommes thinks in islam
  12. @ron1313: My grandma has Alzheimers, they give her sugar 5 meals/ snacks a day 😔 

So can can she eat maybe 2000cc of Keto & still fast for 18 hours, that way she has the calories & doesn't lose anymore weight , but gets the benefits Autophagy?
  13. @animalrescued313: I used periwinkle it was great now can't find it in theraputic amount..the pills I find are such small amiunts
  14. @dogfan_1012: Dr Berg! You should do a series on your fridge and pantry. Thanks!
  15. @AlmazulVortex: Protomorphogen, standard process or other brain glandulars to repair the brain?
  16. @Kristabree: Wait, isn't it the lack of FAT and minerals that causes Alzheimer's? Isn't the brain 70% fat? I know the brain burns sugar for fuel but that doesn't mean we have to eat sugar. So the ketogenic diet is the best for Alzheimers.
  17. @magnoliablossom9773: What are your thoughts on the possibility of mad cow disease being in some beef products resulting in early onset Alzheimer's.
  18. @drummerlovesbookworm9738: We both had the test for amyloid plaque in the brain which signals Alzheimer’s. All the neurologists at the UW Medical Center and School of Medicine have no help for this disease yet.
  19. @aerotoxplasmasol7034: Is it too much for people to wrap their minds around this fact that neurodegenerative disease began to explode in the 90's ,10 yrs or so after the geoengineering aluminum oxide chemtrail program was implemented??????
Aluminum is a neurotoxin .It is NOT free floating and present in the air as the decievers claim. It must be mined,separated refined from Bauxite .
Research it you small minded idiots need woken up foolish proud hearted people never come to the knowledge of anything true and meaningful.  Health "professionals" appear as wise men yet the most evident thing escapes them.
Just tell us how to strip the aluminum trash out of our tissue, OK!!!!!!! Thx
  20. @krakatoasundra: exogenous ketones are DL-betahydroxybuterate . The body mainly generates L-betahydroxybuterate so not sure what happens the the right hand isomer. Also the anti-seizure effect of ketones is due to the presence of acetoacetone and I wonder is that may or may not have any effect of the brain in this case.

1) i’d stay in ketogenic diet. 
2) increase quality deep sleep (super difficult). 
3) increase autophagy (difficult to quantify). 
4) increase heat shock proteins by heat acclimation. do some hot yoga and workout in high heat.

- Ketogenic Therapies for Neurodegenerative Disorders: Kind: captions Language: en good evening everyone my name is meredith thule and i'm a nutrition education manager at the american nutrition association the a a the a a is very pleased to be hosting amy berger tonight to explore ketogenic therapies for neurodegenerative disorders amy berger is a us air force veteran and a certified nutrition specialist who specializes in helping people do keto without the crazy she has a master's degree in human nutrition and writes about a wide range of health and nutrition related topics such as insulin metabolism weight loss diabetes thyroid function and more she has presented internationally on these issues and is the author of the alzheimer's antidote using a low-carb high-fat diet to fight alzheimer's disease memory loss and cognitive decline and the stall slayer seven roadblocks to keto fat loss and what to do about them welcome amy well everyone thank you for giving us your time today appreciate your interest in this topic and i hope i can deliver something that will be helpful for you in your practices and potentially even in your own personal lives let's see if if i have any conflict of interest it's that i am the author of a book called the alzheimer's antidote which is about using a low carb or ketogenic diet as a nutritional strategy for alzheimer's disease and i do receive royalties from that book all right let's get into things why should we be looking at alternative therapies or new therapies for neurodegenerative and neurological disorders well the sad reality is this is the standard of care right take your meds and say your prayers there's really not a lot of optimism there's not a lot of effective approaches for people afflicted with these illnesses so is is there something better that we can offer these people is there something with some potential so why should we look at ketogenic therapy specifically and or not even just ketogenic therapies but why should we be looking at any type of alternative compared to the conventional pharmaceutical route that people have now well first the conventional treatments are lackluster and that is putting it nicely uh they're really just they're ineffectual there are treatment resistant cases so even for people where the drugs are effective um there are some people for whom they're not effective and then there's a decline in efficacy of those conventional treatments so in someone who starts out on a particular drug or drug cocktail it works at first but it kind of stops working overtime and then what do you do pharmaceutical side effects to use parkinson's disease as one example uh side effects because of the way the parkinson's disease drugs interact with the dopamine signaling system some parkinson's disease drugs come with increased risk for compulsive and risk seeking behavior like compulsive gambling compulsive shopping a risky sexual behavior is this the trade-off we are asking these people to make okay your tremor got better your parkinson's got a little better but you've just lost your life savings at the roulette wheel is that truly the best that we can offer these people and their families so something that we're going to be talking about a ton throughout this talk is commonalities in cellular energetics remember that word energetics energy we're going to come back to it over and over we'll we'll see that many of these seemingly diverse conditions have in common problems with cellular energy generation or usage and if we look at ketogenic therapy specifically we could address numerous factors with a single intervention the ketogenic diet is one thing it's a dietary regimen that has multiple different effects on all different kinds of systems so you can address numerous different issues with the one intervention now this is a therapy that is at least 40 years in the making right what a difference or is it 30 years what a difference these decades make um you know back in 1984 you couldn't even study a ketogenic diet who in their right mind would give you funding for a diet that's high in fat and that's low in the whole grains and the beans and all this stuff and you couldn't even buy coconut oil at the store in 1984 right who out of who in their right mind would buy a jar of what is essentially 90 saturated fat so we've come a really long way so it's over 40 years in the making not just 30 years this and i think that dr robert atkins bless his soul is completely incorrectly maligned even within today's modern ketogenic community his name is not really as respected as it should be but you know this way of eating this very low carb higher fat nutritional therapy has gone from a weight loss diet a very popular weight loss site to a life-saving life-changing medical therapy and this book by dr susan masino they're actually in their second version the second version is being written now because so much research has been done even since 2016 there's been such an explosion in this and it is so widely accepted now or at least widely acknowledged the the sea change is unreal even the american diabetes association the most mainstream of mainstream organizations put out their consensus report in 2019 reducing overall carbohydrate intake has shown the most evidence for improving glycemia not just some evidence the most evidence you couldn't wish for a stronger statement coming out of something as conventional as the ada now the truth is it's not 30 years in the making and it's not 40 years in the making this is centuries in the making right they have known since ancient times that there was something about fasting that seemed to help people with seizures there was something about just going without food that either completely got rid of seizures or made them less severe and less frequent and it was discovered in the 1920s that you could get the same effect of fasting by just restricting carbohydrate so you could get the metabolic and neurological benefits of fasting without having to fast you because no matter how effective fasting is at some point you have to eat so you could get the same effect just by restricting the carbs there was something unique about carbohydrate restriction so at this point here in 2020 we have very well substantiated published peer-reviewed research on ketogenic diets for everything you see on this slide um and so the reason i said say substantiated is this is the stuff we have a pretty good depth of research on type 2 diabetes even type 1 you can have massive improvements in glycemic control and you will these patients of course will always need insulin but they can greatly reduce the amount of insulin they need and the less insulin they use the less volatility they have in the blood glucose obesity i'm sure just about everyone watching knows right now that carbohydrate restriction be it a strict ketogenic diet or just a lowish carb diet very helpful for weight loss metabolic syndrome pcos the whole nine yards now we've got a lot of emerging support and patient anecdotes on using keto for everything you see here and i say emerging evidence because for most of these there are published studies but it's not quite as robust as the research we have for those previous conditions but you know many of these it's really amazing what this way of eating can do and believe me i know being immersed in the keto and low carb world myself i know that we start to sound like kooks we start to sound like crazy people and like snake oil salesmen but the real truth is this way of eating is so effective for so many different things and we can't unsee what we've seen we can't unlearn this and but we know you really do start to sound like a kook oh you have gout have you tried keto you have migraines have you tried keto for whatever condition somebody may be dealing with we want to we want them to try keto right because there's that saying when all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail and it's true but i'm going to quote dr jeff volla a pretty well-known researcher in the keto world keto is a really big hammer and there are a lot of little nails out there so i wish i could steal that line and take credit for it myself but it wasn't me but it's brilliant enough that i like to share it so um i gotta blow through this real quick because my i am gonna go over the time but um i'm sure that most of you watching are well aware of the difference between nutritional ketosis dietary ketosis versus pathological dangerous diabetic ketoacidosis but just in case anyone has a little confusion i'm just going to go through this quick so what is ketosis it's just a metabolic state where the predominant source in the body of fuel in the body is fat the predominant fuel is not actually ketones it's fat and ketones are produced as a byproduct of metabolizing fat so when you when you are oxidizing a lot of fat breaking down a lot of fat some of that fat is burned some of it is converted into ketones and the ketones themselves are a fuel source and there's a lot of different ways to get into ketosis or to produce ketones we're going to come back to that at the very end the easiest way i guess the most effective way is fasting but if you don't want to fast and you like to eat food the easiest way to induce a ketogenic state is by cutting way back on carbs it is different from ketoacidosis just because they both have keto in the name don't confuse these when you are in nutritional ketosis your blood glucose is normal the blood ph is normal there's nothing harmful about it it's when you have the ketoacidosis typically the blood sugar is through the roof and the ketone levels through the roof the blood is acidic and in dietary ketosis the ketone level never really comes anywhere near close to acidosis levels and the state of nutritional ketosis the sort of biochemical hormonal state induces numerous cellular energetic changes energy energy energy okay with all of that in mind let's look at some commonalities among seemingly diverse neurological and neurodegenerative conditions and see why there might be some rationale for some type of ketogenic intervention first we're going to start off by emphasizing or to set the stage by saying that all of these issues have energy problems in common neurons are largely intolerant of inadequate energy supply the high energy demand of the brain predisposes it to a variety of diseases if energy supplies are disrupted neurodegenerative diseases are not classically thought to be caused by disturbed metabolism but bioenergetic defects are emerging as important pathophysiological mechanisms in several disorders boy was that a mouthful so we're going to lay the groundwork looking at some specific features of alzheimer's disease and then we'll see how these apply to other neurodegenerative conditions and the main reason i'm starting with alzheimer's is i mentioned my book earlier this was my entree into this this is how i started learning about all this i for reasons i won't bore you with got into alzheimer's first and over the years i've since learned how similar these things are to things like parkinson's and ms and als so they now re i normally give an hour-long talk just on alzheimer's so you're going to get the hour-long alzheimer's talk in like the next four slides four or five they regularly refer to alzheimer's disease now as type 3 diabetes diabetes of the brain or you'll hear the phrase brain insulin resistance and where this comes from is that the predominant malfunction if you will in the brain of somebody with alzheimer's disease is that neurons in affected regions have lost the ability to metabolize they are no longer taking up and using glucose for fuel it is basically an energy shortage it's a fuel crisis in the brain and as a result these neurons are starving to death alzheimer's disease is a metabolic problem and by metabolic i mean it has to do with the way the brain uses energy so they did a pet scan study this study happens to be from 1994. this is not new i'm if you're around my age 1994 sounds like it was last week but it was actually a couple of decades ago now wasn't it the predominant abnormality in late onset alzheimer's is up to a 45 reduction in cerebral glucose utilization now if your brain is using 45 less glucose than a healthy person's brain don't you think you might have some cognitive impairment memory problems it's now and i should mention all of the references are on the slides but if anyone would like these studies or has further questions my contact information will be on the last slide don't hesitate to reach out and contact me it's now widely acknowledged that brain hypometabolism accompanies alzheimer's hypometabolism hypo little metabolism energy not enough energy a prominent and well characterized feature of alzheimer's is progressive region-specific declines in the cerebral metabolic rate of glucose now let's parse this one out a little bit because it's important and it's going to apply to some of the other conditions we'll look at it's progressive right nobody wakes up all of a sudden with severe alzheimer's disease it starts mildly they actually call it mild cognitive impairment and it gets worse over time it's region specific meaning that at first it's only certain areas of the brain that are affected this is why you might you know have poor word recall you might become a little bit forgetful but you can still bathe yourself you know personal hygiene is not a problem what they call the activities of daily living are not really affected yet it's only over time as it becomes so severe and widespread that's when it kind of overtakes the whole brain reductions in cerebral glucose metabolic rate are associated with increased alzheimer's risk and can be observed years before dementia onset this thing it's in red for a reason this might be the most important part of this entire talk reduced brain glucose metabolism is observable measurable in people by pet scan as young as their 30s and 40s that right alzheimer's disease is no longer a disease of elderly people they used to joke and call it old timers disease they can see this decline in brain glucose use again in people as young as their 30s and 40s but when people are that young they're still healthy and robust enough that the brain is compensating even though the brain is already using less energy they have no signs and symptoms of cognitive problems it's only when the problem has gone on for so long and it becomes so severe that you can't compensate anymore that's when you start showing signs and symptoms but by the time that happens this disease process has been in place for years and sometimes decades and i think that's why it's so hard to address it's so hard to turn around and make a dent in this condition because by the time you even get diagnosed it's actually really really severe i don't think there's any such thing as mild cognitive impairment there's nothing if you have cognitive impairment there's nothing mild about it in my opinion now um as much as i love the phrase type 3 diabetes because it immediately hammers home like oh maybe this is a glucose problem there's a huge issue with how we diagnose type 2 diabetes in in i was going to say in america but it's everywhere i think it is only diagnosed by looking at blood whether that's a fasting glucose a hemoglobin a1c or the response to the oral glucose tolerance test it is only based on glucose and there are millions without exaggeration millions of people right now who have a normal blood sugar totally normal a1c but sky high insulin in fact the blood sugar is only normal because the very very elevated insulin is keeping that glucose in check and this chronic hyperinsulinemia is a major major driver of so many chronic health issues that people have and they're totally unaware because nobody ever measures insulin and we owe a huge debt of gratitude to this man dr joseph craft this is his book diabetes epidemic in you if if you've never heard this before this issue of the normal glucose with very high insulin you have to read this it's a very skinny little book you could read it in 90 minutes it's it's a dynamite book and dr dr kraft is the one who uncovered the scope of this thing he gave people oral glucose tolerance tests but it's it's actually now called the craft test it's the ogtt with insulin so instead of just testing blood sugar they test blood sugar and insulin and instead of it's normally a two hour test they extend it to five hours that's the crap test and that's how he discovered this staggering scope of the number of people that have been totally normal sugar insulin through the roof far too many people are told your blood sugar's normal don't worry and this applies whether somebody is overweight not overweight normal bmi normal fasting blood sugar even normal fasting insulin because many of you probably have have clients or patients whose fasting blood sugar might be normal all the time but when they eat a meal especially a meal high in carbs now the blood sugar is going to skyrocket and maybe it stays high for most of the day so the same thing can happen with insulin the fasting level can be normal but they eat a meal especially a high carb meal insulin jacks up so none none of these other issues exclude that somebody might have this he calls it occult diabetes occult means hidden the diabetes meaning the high blood sugar is hidden by the high insulin and i i have to harp on this because i many of you probably are familiar with this but i hope it's it's probably new to some of you and it's it's so critically important i can't even emphasize it enough so this chronic hyperinsulinemia is our canary in the coal mine the first thing to happen is the high insulin risk of alzheimer's double so they did a prospective study risk doubled in 39 of their study sample that would that had hyperinsulinemia and it was highest in people without diabetes this is dr kraft's work in in action here alzheimer's risk doubled among people that had high insulin but normal glucose insulin resistance may be a marker of alzheimer's risk associated with that reduced cerebral metabolic rate of glucose and subtle cognitive impairments at the earliest stage of disease even before the onset of the cognitive impairment again so critically important the memory loss and the cognitive decline and the personality changes that you see in alzheimer's are the symptoms memory loss is not the disease the disease is the metabolic problem the disease is the brain fuel shortage and it is specific to and it appears to be secondary to chronically high insulin so the first dominoes to fall in this disease process are the chronically high insulin and the reduced brain glucose use the memory impairment the cognitive decline comes later remember this metabolic stuff happens years before it gets so bad that then you start to have memory problems and this association now between metabolic syndrome which is driven it's basically chronic in hyperinsulinemia is what metabolic syndrome is the association between that and cognitive impairment is so strong now that researchers have coined the phrase metabolic cognitive syndrome and this is just to show you some papers i'm not making this stuff up do you guys know that the humor writer dave barry dave barry is not making this up amy berger is not making this up the metabolic cognitive syndrome the insulin resistant brain state so with that in mind let's kind of shift focus to some of the other conditions and see what they all have in common so this neuronal hypometabolism that's specific to it's a glucose shortage seems to appear in many of these disorders mitochondrial dysfunction increased oxidative stress oxidative stress gets a bad wrap i think in the nutrition world oh oxidation i don't know oxidation is an essential thing it serves a signaling function it induces you know normal healthy apoptosis cell death so you don't want to have no oxidation and and you couldn't i mean the running of the electron transport chain that keeps you alive generates reactive oxygen species but what we don't want is so much of that that it overwhelms the cell's capacity to neutralize those free radicals and repair we often see chronic hyperinsulinemia and we'll come back to this a lot neuronal atrophy that neuronal atrophy is secondary to the to the energy shortage something that happens in so you know what a neuron looks like if you don't it's right there on the bottom right of the slide when it takes energy just to maintain that shape right just to maintain that specialized shape requires atp energy so when the cell is starting to run low on energy it's not metabolizing glucose properly anymore in order to conserve energy to keep the cell itself alive to keep the cell body viable it actually sucks in the axons and dendrites like a vacuum with a retractable cord so instead of those synapses those beautiful neuronal connections of this those projections get sucked back and now we have this those cells are no longer communicating with each other right no wonder you have memory loss no wonder you have behavioral disturbances or if it's a motor neuron no wonder you are not able to get up and walk like normal no wonder you have balance problems and coordination problems so we see cellular malfunction there's a biochemical added structure determines function if the structure of your cell is getting you know is malfunctioning i mean if the structure is not the proper structure you're not going to have the proper function in the end stage we have neuronal death it doesn't happen right away the very end stages so why does any of this matter what what is the big deal about energy in the central nervous system in the brain well for some of the things on this slide we just need atp from from wherever we can get it from glucose from fatty acids from ketones from alcohol from anything we just need atp but some of these functions can only be done by glucose so while we need energy from anywhere we do require actual glucose in some way i just mentioned that in order to even maintain the proper shape of the neurons we need energy to have neuronal communication to send out a nerve impulse takes energy maintaining the ion gradient you know how that electrochemical balance of the cell membrane you've got sodium and potassium and magnesium ions going back and forth all the time that the sodium potassium pumps it takes energy to to pump that stuff over the membrane uh glucose is used in neurotransmitter synthesis it's also a building block for certain compounds that have to be made in the brain because they don't cross the blood-brain barrier so glucose can cross and then the brain makes these things out of glucose so you can see that if there's a shortage of energy in the brain and nervous system that stuff's gonna happen let's take a closer look at parkinson's disease dopaminergic cell loss occurs in early parkinson's disease with more than 50 percent of putamen dopaminergic terminals having been lost before clinical diagnosis i mentioned this in regard to by the time you're even diagnosed you may have lost up to 50 of your dopamine urgent neurons so you can have this disease progressing this sort of storm is brewing and you have no idea now what else do we see in parkinson's disease a high prevalence of undiagnosed insulin resistance i cannot tell you how extremely common this is so this was a study just 154 subjects but you know this is from 2018 this kind of research is relatively new so we have to start somewhere these these studies aren't going to have 50 000 participants 58 of subjects had undiagnosed insulin resistance and the kicker is the fasting glucose was normal we have to get away from only looking at glucose now of course we when we think of metabolic syndrome or diabetes you know we tend to kind of automatically have this knee-jerk stereotype of a heavy person right but this metabolic situation chronically high insulin with or without high glucose can happen in any body weight on any size spectrum but it's no surprise that of those subjects that were overweight 61 of them 61 had insulin resistance and didn't know it of the people with obesity 83 of those had insulin resistance and didn't know it not really a surprise but here's the thing even in the subject who were at a normal weight and i hate that phrase but i just use what the literature uses 41 of the people that were not overweight were insulin resistant the thing is this was only based on the fasting insulin remember how i said in many people that fasting level is normal but if they eat a meal drink a glass of orange juice here's what happens to insulin so how many more of these people would have been identified as insulin resistant if they had tested it after a meal or after a glucose load now some of you may be aware that alterations in the sense of smell and taste can sometimes be an early warning sign of parkinson's disease and they're starting to say the same about alzheimer's but it's more well-known for parkinson's disease they call it the peanut butter test i don't really know why except that peanut butter is really delicious and smells really good and i guess if you have a big jar of it right up to your nose and doesn't smell like anything you probably have a problem so what why why would changes to the sense of old-fashioned have anything to do with parkinson's disease well look at this juicy tidbit i found insulin transport varies among the different brain regions the olfactory bulb has the highest rate of transport the olfactory bulb has the highest concentration of insulin the highest concentration of insulin receptors i know we think of insulin solely as a blood sugar hormone insulin does a whole lot in the brain so if you have a problem with brain insulin signaling you might have alterations to your sense of smell and taste now here is a real a real eye opener there is growing evidence that a process a net it's long but i'm going to read it there's growing evidence that a process analogous to peripheral insulin resistance occurs in the brains of parkinson's disease patients even in those without diabetes this raises the possibility that defective insulin signaling may contribute to the development of parkinson's disease and suggests the insulin signaling pathway can be a novel target for disease modification given these growing links between parkinson's and type 2 diabetes it's not unsurprising that drugs used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes are among the most promising treatments currently being prioritized for repositioning as possible novel treatments for parkinson's now that's a long statement but let's focus on the most important thing there they are looking at type 2 diabetes drugs for parkinson's disease what do those two conditions have in common why research funding is really hard to get right it's really hard to get money to do a study why would they even be looking at this if they didn't already know there was some amount of promise here if they didn't already suspect how strong these links are between chronic hyperinsulinemia and glucose problems and neurodegeneration why would they even be looking at this type 2 diabetes drugs for parkinson's that's all i can say let's look at multiple sclerosis so multiple sclerosis is typically thought to be an autoimmune attack on the myelin sheath right so this is a beautiful we've got a neuron here we've got an axon on the left we have a myelin sheath so the myelin is the stuff that surrounds the axon and um helps neuronal communication happen faster so on the left it's intact it's working it's functional on the right we see an axon where the myelin is kind of degenerating it's got holes it's breaking down that's ms and it's typically believed that this is an autoimmune attack on the myelin but there may be some other things going on so what do we see in multiple sclerosis reduced brain glucose uptake here it is again 40 of the brain in ms patients 40 percent of the brain has lower glucose uptake compared to healthy controls the decrease the brain glucose usage correlates with the level of fatigue the less glucose the brain is taking up and using the more the fatigue so what else do we see in multiple sclerosis oh my gosh hyperinsulinemia most of it undiagnosed they did an oral glucose tolerance test of newly diagnosed ms patients with healthy age mash controls and if the results showed they had similar glucose responses but very different insulin responses the ms patients had much much higher insulin again we are missing a huge factor in chronic cardiometabolic illness by ignoring insulin or we're not ignoring it if we're just not aware then no one can blame us so here we have another study looking at insulin resistance and ms patients tied to disease severity again kind of a small study but this is also from 2018 we got to get the ball rolling somewhere 64 so 14 subjects right off the bat had elevated fasting insulin now depending on the lab you use some labs will say that a fasting insulin anything under 20 and i may have the wrong units there it should be micro international units per liter or something so whatever it's you know the typical lab units for a lot of labs will say that anything under 20 is normal some will say anything under 25 uh those of us in the low carb and sphere like to see fasting insulin under 10. we like to see it in this in the single digits under five may be optimal but certainly under 10 we want to see and just like a fasting glucose you know there are circumstances where the fasting insulin might be elevated and it's not always automatically a cause for concern it depends on the context but as a general rule we want it lower but right off the bat 14 out of 64 were already in the double digits 33 of them had insulin resistance so already more than half had insulin resistance based on the quantum score the quanto score again is based on fasting insulin how many more of these people would have been shown to be hyperinsulinemic after a meal or after an oral glucose challenge so um i mentioned that well well let's start first mice with e-a-e it's a mouthful experimental autoimmune and encephalomyelitis try saying that five times fast that's the animal induced the experimental ms model in these mice up to 15 to 30 percent of spinal cord axons can be lost before they have permanent injury of a permanent impairment so again you can lose a very substantial proportion of neurons out of of you know nervous system function before you either know there's a problem or before the problem is irreversible and i mentioned that there's a different school of thought that doesn't really agree with the autoimmune perspective on on ms and and it looks much more at a metabolic energy issue so the level of disability in ms correlates more strongly with axon destruction and neuronal loss than with demyelination so we'll we'll kind of break this down a little more axons likely degenerate following demyelination only when they don't have enough energy so even if that myelin is degrading and breaking down as long as that neuron can still metabolize energy and produce atp the neuron is probably still going to function well or well enough that you're not impaired and so well i don't want to waste time talking about all of this in in axons that are resistant to degeneration they have increased energy they are functional mitochondria the um no problem producing atp in the axons that do degenerate the mitochondria are said to be dysfunctional because they're not generating energy i don't think they're actually malfunctioning we'll get to that in a little bit but stick a pin in that um i think the mitochondria are engaging a very elegant self-protect mode and we'll come back to that so i'll blow through this real quick there's a lot less known about als and huntington's with regard to the the metabolic side of things but certainly they also see dysregulation of energy metabolism energy is the primary determinant of neuronal viability these are all cellular energy problems so we'll get into the keto side of things now while the mechanisms through which the ketogenic diet works remain unclear there's now compelling evidence that efficacy is related to the normalization of aberrant energy metabolism right the concept that many of these neurological conditions are linked to energy dysregulation could provide a common research and experimental therapeutics platform from which the course of several neurological diseases could be favorably influenced by dietary means remember when i said because they have all of these commonalities if keto or or any intervention for that matter addresses that problem then you could use that intervention to potentially benefit many of these right if you address the thing they have in common so even though that slide said the mechanisms of action are unclear they're kind of not unclear somebody should play the jeopardy music now [Music] i'm not much of a singer so i'll spare you but you know that's like how much time do we have these are only the 16 mechanisms we know about so far these are only the ones that have been identified so far how many do we not even know about yet here's the thing though we've talked about how all of these conditions seem to have at least some relation to impaired neuronal glucose so if there was nothing else on this slide but number one if there was literally only one thing on the slide this would be rational enough to try keto especially because like i said in that early on the conventional treatments are completely disappointing ketones and fatty acids for that matter are an alternative fuel to glucose right if these cells are having trouble metabolizing glucose maybe we can give them something else maybe we can provide these otherwise starving struggling neurons with some other kind of fuel now molecule fight depending on how familiar you are with with ketogenic mechanisms compared molecule for molecule you get more atp from fats and ketones than you do from glucose so if you have an energy shortage why don't we use the sources of energy that or the energy substrates that generate the most energy um to the extent that chronically high insulin and or hyperglycemia are causing any of these or exacerbating them let's correct that too many of you are probably already using low carb ketogenic diets in your practices so you know this is dynamite for lowering blood sugar even the ada said it right dynamite for lowering insulin um ketones and fatty acids for lack of a better word are cleaner burning fuels they induce fewer reactive oxygen species um mitochondrial biogenesis is an effect of the ketogenic diet if these are and and what are mitochondria the little energy factories right this is the site of energy generation except for the tiny amount that's made in glycolysis the majority of energy is made in the if we have an energy problem wouldn't it be great if we could build more energy factories well that's what mitochondrial biogenesis is and if you look at beta hydroxybutyrate or acetoacetate these specific ketone molecules they might have individual signaling effects of themselves that we're not even aware of all kinds of other stuff here if you look at number 11 the i talked about the the electrochemical gradient of the cell membrane keto seems to do something very beneficial for normalizing that this is part of why keto is so effective for so many people for epilepsy it's why keto many people with migraines find that keto helps a lot because migraine may also come from the same all kinds of stuff so it's becoming widely accepted that sorry i have my video on the way it's becoming widely accepted that the mechanistic underpinnings of the ketogenic diet are likely multiple parallel and possibly synergistic so with that in mind can the ketogenic diet be packaged into a pill at this state given our state of knowledge the likely answer is no because show me a pill show me one pill one drug one surgery one any kind of monotherapy that can do all of this the ketogenic diet can do all of this the ketogenic diet can do all of that so okay the rubber hits the road amy i'm with you this is fascinating this is like but i bet it works really great in mice and rats and cultured yeast cells and petri dishes does it work in humans talk to me about human beings living with these let's take a look this is from a study by stephen kunin and his colleagues out of sherbrooke university in uh i think it's in montreal they do some really really mind-blowing fascinating work with ketones and ketogenic therapies for uh for myocon for impairment and alzheimer's so if so on the top left we've got control that those are healthy people with no cognitive impairment the middle is mild cognitive impairment mci and the bottom we see alzheimer's disease the more red orange you see the more of that fuel the brain is taking up and using so top left we have glucose in a healthy person's brain of course there's plenty of red orange a healthy brain has no problem taking up and using glucose mci and there's maybe a little bit less but there's still some alzheimer's disease there's almost no red orange whatsoever right glucose is knocking nobody's home now look at the bottom right acetoacetate which is a ketone body some of you might be used to thinking of of beta hydroxybutyrate as the one that goes to the brain because it's the one it's the ketone that you measure if you have a blood meter but the brain absolutely takes up and uses acetoacetate so let's look at that bottom right alzheimer's brain look at all that red orange that brain is lighting up like a christmas tree with those ketones one of the most promising things that dr kunin and his colleagues have shown over and over again is that even though the alzheimer's brain is not taking up a metabolizing glucose properly it does take up and metabolize ketones not only is the brain energy deficit specific to glucose but at least partially correcting that deficit with ketones results in cognitive improvements most people when they have some type of ketogenic intervention be it a ketogenic diet exogenous ketones or even mct oil we'll talk about that in a minute most people have improved cognition it's not by any means universal it's not a slam dunk it is by no means a magical cure for alzheimer's what it does is like this quote says it at least closes that energy gap a little bit if these conditions are problems because there's not enough energy can we at least provide some and it seems that we can now the research again really really knew most of the research in this area has been done with exogenous ketones or mct oil because they don't want to have confounding factors of all kinds of things but i want to look at some that are specifically about the diet so this was a 68 year old male it's just it's just a case study heterozygous for apoe4 which is the uh the the law the strongest known genetic risk factor for alzheimer's it by no means causes alzheimer's disease because you can you can be homozygous for e4 and never develop alzheimer's and about 50 of people that have alzheimer's do not carry e4 not even one copy let alone two so anyway this guy has apoe4 he has mild alzheimer's disease his mocha score the montreal cognitive assessment it's an assessment uh you know diagnostic for this condition he's got mild alzheimer's he has type 2 diabetes he's used insulin for 15 years let's put this guy on a ketogenic diet for 10 weeks let's uh do a time restricted eating or intermittent fasting whatever you prefer to call it and let's make him exercise a little bit he goes from mild alzheimer's to normal on the mocha score his a1c comes down to uh you know high-ish for my taste but but no longer within the type 2 diabetic diagnostic realm his homa ir comes down massively the triglyceride to hdl ratio which you know most of us sort of know that that's probably more indicative of cardiovascular status than your total cholesterol or ldl that keep you can practically set your watch on a ketogenic diet the triglycerides sink massively the hdl tends to come up a little bit fasting insulin is down 85 percent his fasting insulin was 97. you would never know that if you just look at the fasting glucose so everything gets better now let's look at a younger guy we've got a 38 year old guy he is an e4 carrier he has metabolic syndrome and he has self-reported memory problems and he has a family history of he's already running a couple times a week let's put him on a ketogenic diet let's bump up the intensity of the exercise and let's make him lift weights he goes from a mocha score of mild cognitive impairment to normal the the highest score the perfect score in the mocha is 30. so he gets a 30 out of 30. cognition completely restored um they did verify that he was actually in ketosis by blood meter and i like to mention that just because so many studies will have a food log or they told you what to eat but we we don't know for sure what these people actually ate this person at least had verified blood ketones and he had major improvements in metabolic syndrome let's look at what happened to this guy homa ir down by 58 triglyceride to hdl down 77 he lost a little bit of weight 14 weight loss triglycerides down 71 but here's the thing let's emphasize again the bottom left he goes from mild cognitive impairment to a perfect 30 out of 30. this is not a coincidence please hear me this is not a coincidence when you improve the metabolic syndrome you improve the metabolic cognitive syndrome these things are not unrelated now let's see what happens in let's compare a low-fat diet to a ketogenic diet so it's eight weeks uh you know there are some shortcomings it's mostly male mostly caucasian but the the male to female ratio in parkinson's it seems to affect males more anyway again we have ketosis confirmed by blood readings the updrs is the unified parkinson's disease rating scale so both groups improved except the ketogenic subjects improved much more or much more in the non-motor symptoms they had a 41 improvement in non-motor symptoms compared to 11 for low fat so like i'm not anti-low fat i i'm not one of these keto zealots who thinks that keto is the only way a low-fat diet helped the ketogenic diet just seem to help more and if you know anyone living with parkinson's disease sometimes the non-motor symptoms can be far worse than the tremor or than the you know the unsteady gait the non-motor symptoms include things like you see urinary incontinence fatigue they have cognitive impairment depression hallucinations and the fact is the ketogenic diet actually did improve the motor symptoms more as well but it wasn't statistically significant so i'm going to skip because i don't want to use too much time let's look at what happens in multiple sclerosis we've got pilot study of keto i know it's hard to see but you know hopefully you'll i can send you the slides or something if you want to look more in depth but basically we have improvements in most things here we've got you know a decrease in the insulin and again if you look at the baseline insulin it's in the double digits now this is the mean of course so some people some people were lower some people were higher the a1c comes down just a little bit triglycerides like i said you could set your watch by they come down a lot the hdl goes up a tiny bit what happened to those pesky other lipoproteins that pesky ldl has gone up the pesky total cholesterol has gone up um i'm not a cardiologist i will just sort of let you in on the fact that the relevance of total cholesterol and ldl in terms of being independently indicative of of anything to do with cardiovascular risk is a very controversial hotly debated topic right now especially within the low carb community because most people that go on a low carb or ketogenic diet will see the total cholesterol go down the hdl go and the ldl go down but there are some who see a rise some people see a very large rise and it's unknown yet what the implication of that is most of us think and i'm not a cardiologist but most of us think metabolically speaking when your blood sugar is much better your insulin is much better inflammation is much better uh the triglycerides are down the hdl is up every single measurable thing has gotten better except your ldl has gone up does that mean anything we don't we don't know yet the jury's kind of out but i just want to point out that we had that pesky ldl go up but look what went down the depression score goes down in these patients with ms on the right the fatigue level goes down so now i i i titled this talk ketogenic therapies for disorders and there's a reason there's a reason i didn't call it ketogenic diets because under the best of circumstances in young healthy people that want to do keto just to do it it can be hard enough to stick to right or for people that really have severe obesity severe diabetes something they know would respond really well to keto it can be hard to do it you know not everybody i can't understand these people but not everybody loves a fatty ribeye steak or blue tea you know some people prefer lower fat foods so now how hard is it going to be to get somebody with cognitive impairment to do this diet you know especially in the later stages these people can be belligerent they can be violent sometimes and so they're not they're not going to understand why is my caregiver making me eat eggs and coconut oil where's my muffin where's my cereal so what are some other ways that we could give ketones to the brain and to the nervous system because we just we need to give these neurons fuel any way we can obviously a low carb ketogenic diet is a great way to do it fasting can do it right if if you don't eat carbs you'll be in ketosis if you don't eat anything you'll be in ketosis but a lot of older people are already malnourished frail underweight i definitely don't recommend fasting for those people so it's you know that's just one option if you exercise hard enough and long enough you will produce a little bit of ketones just in acute you know not they won't be there all the time but exercise can do it even if you're not on a low carb diet same thing with coconut oil or mct oil i'm sure most of you know but those medium chain fatty acids are more readily converted into ketones rather than like being stored as body fat or or you know being burned for something else they are converted into ketones even when you're eating a high carb diet so you can eat lots and lots of carbs and if you take some mtt oil you will still have measurable ketones and exogenous ketones if you're not familiar with what these are they're relatively new to the market they are typically sold as a powder that you can add to a beverage and it it's beta hydroxybutyrate it raises your ketones so these are ways that you can get ketones without doing a ketogenic diet or fasting but to the extent that any of these conditions are either caused or exacerbated by the chronic hyperinsulinemia the glucose instability metabolic situation the exogenous ketones and the mct oil are not going to correct that they will give you the fuel they will provide the ketones for the brain which we absolutely want but if we want to correct the underlying problem we need the diet or we need something else that's going to have a wholesale metabolic hormonal effect just having the ketones from some outside source isn't going to accomplish that and i the analogy i like to to use is giving the exogenous ketones without a radical dietary or lifestyle shift is like bailing water out of a leaky boat without stopping to patch the hole you're just managing the crisis in the short term while the actual you're ignoring the problem you haven't actually fixed the problem now is there a window of opportunity i think you know i mentioned earlier that by the time you even get diagnosed with alzheimer's or parkinson's and possibly ms the disease is pretty advanced because that metabolic storm was brewing all those years earlier so it may be that by the time you even know there's a problem you're kind of in a late stage so is is the timing crucial for the protective effect by the ketogenic diet there may be some disorders that are in there they're so far progressed and the neuron the dysfunction is so far advanced that no matter what you do you're not going to have any improvement so i do think there might be like a point of no return and so i would say the second somebody gets a diagnosis why not try this it's just a diet right if you try it if it doesn't work go back to your bagels and ice cream like no no no sweat off your back you know the worst that can happen is you're gonna go a couple of months without some of your favorite foods and i i do want to emphasize that if any of you use keto or low carb in your practices for things like diabetes and metabolic syndrome a lot of those markers can get better within days right if you if you are familiar with dr eric westman's work out of duke university he's published papers in which he says that his type 2 patients on insulin when he gives them the keto diet sometimes he has to discontinue their insulin on the first day because that's how quickly the blood sugar starts coming down when you stop eating foods that raise the blood sugar it is not the same with neurological and neurodegenerative things i just think the brain for whatever reason does not restore and regenerate anywhere near as quickly as the rest of the body so i think you have to be patient this isn't something you would see a dynamite change in within days or weeks you could under the best case circumstance you would but i wouldn't count on that i would definitely be in this for the long haul before you decide is this working or is it not working um so with all that i've said thank you for staying with me at this point in my opinion considering the total disappointment of the conventional pharmaceutical route for these conditions the question isn't why would you try any kind of ketogenic intervention the question is why would you not try a ketogenic intervention and the existing tools are not getting the job done they are failing some of the phase three clinical trials for some of the alzheimer's drugs had to be stopped because the the people on the placebo were doing so much better than the people on the drug existing tools are failing us i think it's time for that big keto hammer like dr volk talked about so thank you so much i'm sorry if i went super long but there's my contact information do not hesitate to reach out if you want a copy of these slides or you know all the references are right in there if you want to look at those but um that's uh i think that's it for me thank you and thank you so much to the american nutrition association what an honor and a thrill it is to even give this talk so thank you for inviting me thank you amy unfortunately her time is up this has been an enlightening evening good night and best of health to you all you

  Top Comments:
  1. @maracorley8762 [1 likes]: Thank you. Great info.
  2. @WPDTP [1 likes]: Great talk, well done.

- Amy Berger   Alzheimer’s Disease  Type 3 Diabetes and Keto LCHF as an Intervention: Kind: captions Language: en okay thank you for coming everybody i normally have double the amount of time to give this talk that i have today so i'm going to talk faster than i normally talk try to listen fast i'll try not to talk too fast if you miss anything i'm sure this will be online at some point or you can email me i'm happy to send you the presentation um if you are curious to get links to any of the studies that i cite today again please email me happy to send you links to the studies um since i have a limited time we're going to do this ted neyman style if anyone knows ted naman or has seen his low-carb breckenridge video on hyperinsulinemia he uh he blew through that very quickly right barely stop to take a breath that's kind of how we have to go except i'm going to keep my shirt on and i might smile a little bit so if any of you know ted namad we're only doing it half ted name in style um i would like us to keep something in mind as we go through the talk and that is when it comes to things like type 2 diabetes obesity cardiovascular disease we we take it for granted that there's a role for diet and lifestyle in those illnesses right we don't even question that anymore we take that as a fact and not only is there a role for those things and those illnesses there's a primary driving role right and yet when it comes to alzheimer's oh we just throw our hands up we're clueless we have no idea where this is coming from right this couldn't possibly it couldn't possibly be a dietary and lifestyle condition in the same way that all of those other chronic non-communicable diseases are that have exploded in incidents over the last half century right okay something else i'm gonna tell you is um if anyone here is a giant nerd and was a big fan of the show quantum leap in the last episode of the show quantum leap sam the time traveler goes back in time and he meets al's wife and he says to her i'm going to tell you a story and it's a story with a happy ending but instead of once upon a time let's start with the happy ending the happy ending here is that there is something we can do about alzheimer's disease certainly there are a lot of unanswered questions remaining and a lot of research remains to be done but that doesn't mean we're completely clueless we know a lot more about this than we're led to believe we do i'm going to talk to you about alzheimer's disease as a metabolic condition and by metabolic i mean it has to do with the way the brain gets energy uh now so how do you feel when you don't have enough energy when you get tired you get clumsy right you make mistakes you don't normally make so what do you think happens to the brain when the brain gets tired and the brain doesn't have enough energy so we're going to make the case it's a metabolic condition alzheimer's disease is essentially a fuel shortage in the brain it's an energy crisis in the brain your brain is an energy hog depending on the source you cite your brain uses anywhere from 20 to 25 percent of all the glucose and oxygen in your body anything that disrupts that supply of energy to the brain is going to have catastrophic implications for cognition when the brain's energy supply is insufficient to meet its metabolic needs the neurons that work the hardest especially those concerned with memory and cognition are among the first to exhibit functional capacity impairment of memory and cognitive performance remember even when you're asleep even when you're watching reality tv and you can feel your brain leaking out of your ear your brain needs a constant supply of a lot of energy if we're going to understand what's going wrong in the alzheimer's brain we have to look at the basic neuron structure this is a very simplified look of a look at a neuron if you look toward the left you see kind of the larger part that's called the cell body it's got this long thin projection coming out of it that's called an axon and the axon ends in these little buds called axon terminals that you see at the right so one thing to keep in mind is that in order for this neuron to be built correctly and function correctly it has to have the right raw materials the right building blocks and the way that neuronal communication happens it's kind of like a radio station with transmitters and receivers so a nerve impulse is passed down the axon of one neuron and it's received at the dendrites of another and there's the dendrites the axons and dendrites don't actually touch there's a very very tiny space between them and that space is called a synapse some of you are probably well aware of all this but some of it you know some of you might be new so i'm just kind of going through the basics one of the things that happens in alzheimer's disease because the brain doesn't have enough energy in order to conserve energy to keep the cell body alive in order to keep the cell viable the cell actually pulls back in those axons and dendrites because it takes energy just to maintain that structure so instead of nice beautiful synapses that look like this we have that those two neurons are no longer able to communicate with each other that synapse has been lost it's no wonder that person is losing their memory they're having personality changes their behavior is changing so keep in mind because we're going to come back to this the axon is surrounded in something called the myelin sheath and it's made out of a substance called myelin and myelin surrounds and insulates and protects the axon in the same way that the electrical cords and the appliances in your home have kind of a rubbery plasticky protective coating you need three main things to make myelin you need fat you need cholesterol and you need vitamin b12 fat cholesterol b12 remember those so again basic schematic of a nerve impulse transmission it's coming down the axon being received dendrites tiny space in between called the synapse um again super nerd if anyone here was a fan of carl sagan i had a huge nerd crush on him carl sagan's famous tagline was billions and billions right so you have billions and billions of neurons in your brain and each neuron has multiple synapses multiple connections with other neurons so you have trillions and trillions of synapses in your brain kind of just looks like a big tangled mess of axons and dendrites i hope nobody's having scary flashbacks to high school biology class don't get scared it's only a cell membrane i don't know if there's a pointer here or not but those little yellow tails you see sticking up and down in that cell membrane what are those fats fats right fatty acids you need all different kinds of fats for healthy cognition and proper brain cell but you especially need omega-3 fats the omega-3 fat dha is very very abundant in the neurons and these the the sort of brighter yellow little squiggly pieces you see what what's that cholesterol what do you need for good healthy cell membranes fat and cholesterol don't forget that so why why are cell membranes so important cell membranes are the bouncers of your cell right they're security guards they determine who gets to come in and who has to get kicked out things that come in are glucose ketones amino acids fuels nutrients things get that get kicked out toxic waste products normal metabolic waste that have to be gotten rid of in order for that to happen correctly you need your cell membrane to function properly and it's not going to function properly if it's not built correctly you wouldn't hire some scrawny weakling to be the bouncer at your club right you need a big brawny burly dude who's going to do the job right same thing you want brawny strong cell membranes so if we're talking about energy and we're saying alzheimer's is a fuel shortage in the brain probably going to come back to mitochondria right why mitochondria are the literal site of energy generation in your cells except for the very small amount that happens in the cytosol the mitochondria are responsible for the vast majority of energy production in your cells and we just covered the cell membrane but look at the mitochondria some of you may not know a mitochondria doesn't have one membrane it has two membranes it's got an outer portion surrounding the whole capsule and it's got the inner portion the squiggly portion that's the matrix both of them are surrounded by membranes so if there's an energy problem in the brain there's probably something somehow wrong with mitochondria right if the amount of free radical species produced overwhelms the neuronal capacity to neutralize them oxidative stress occurs followed by mitochondrial dysfunction and neuronal damage now to be honest i think oxidative stress is actually getting a bad rap in the health world oxidation is a normal process it's a necessary process it actually performs a signaling type of role it's why studies where they give massive doses of antioxidants usually have pretty bad outcomes because your body does need some amount of oxidation it's only when it's sort of uncontrolled and overwhelms the cell's ability to neutralize it and repair that it becomes a problem mitochondrial dysfunction and the resulting energy deficit trigger the onset of neuronal degeneration and death these cells are dying because they are essentially starving to death alzheimer's disease is neuronal starvation it's the energy deficit that's triggering the neuronal degeneration this is like the money shot this is what we're here for they are now regularly referring to alzheimer's disease in the medical literature as type 3 diabetes diabetes of the brain or brain insulin resistance and where this comes from is the primary pathological signature of this illness is neurons in affected regions of the brain lose the ability to harness energy from glucose so they're like i said they're basically starving to death the predominant abnormality in late onset alzheimer's is a 45 reduction in cerebral glucose utilization 45 percent if your brain is using 45 less energy than a healthy person's brain do you think you might have some cognitive impairment do you think that might affect your memory and your behavior you bet it does progress and understanding changes in brain energy metabolism during aging and alzheimer's has grown rapidly in the past three decades to the extent that it is now widely acknowledged that brain hypometabolism accompanies alzheimer's let's let's parse this a bit brain hypo metabolism too little metabolism not enough energy this is widely accepted who knew for many of you this may be the first time you've ever heard this but this has been known for three decades who here has been hearing about this for 30 years do i see one i think i see one hand you might be a rock star you're ahead of the curve because this was brand new to me a prominent and well characterized feature of alzheimer's progressive region-specific declines in cerebral metabolic rate of glucose let's break this apart alzheimer's disease is a progressive illness right nobody wakes up all of a sudden with severe dementia this is something that starts in a mild form and it gets worse and worse and worse until you have full-blown alzheimer's disease and it's region-specific what that means is at least in the early stages of this the whole brain is not affected it's only certain regions because we know this right people in the early stages may be a little bit forgetful maybe doing strange things but they can still bathe themselves they can feed themselves basic hygiene by the very very late severe stages of this they can't even do that their whole mind is gone so at first though it is region specific reductions in regional cerebral glucose metabolic rate are associated with increased alzheimer risk can be observed years before dementia onset that might be one of the most important things in this entire talk alzheimer's disease is not a disease of old people they used to call this old-timer's disease right kind of flippantly they can measure this decline in cerebral glucose use in people as young as their 30s and 40s and the thing is at that age the brain is still healthy enough and they're still robust enough that the brain is compensating even though the brain is already using less glucose than a healthy person you are asymptomatic no signs and symptoms of alzheimer's the signs and symptoms only begin to manifest when you reach a threshold where the brain can no longer compensate that's when you start losing your memory that's when things start becoming a problem but by the time that happens the disease process has already been in place for years and in some people decades and i think that is part of why this is so difficult to turn around and so difficult to make an impact in this is not like type 2 diabetes it's not like obesity where you can make a pretty big dent in it in a relatively short amount of time this is kind of a different animal now i love love love the phrase type 3 diabetes however it's a little bit misleading there's a problem with how we diagnose type 2 diabetes and if i ever just say diabetes please know i'm referring to type 2 i don't mean type 1 it's a very different thing people get very you know upset about so if i just say diabetes it's type 2 the way that we diagnose type 2 diabetes is based solely on blood glucose it's based on fasting glucose a1c or sometimes the response to the oral glucose tolerance test they never look at insulin and there are quite literally millions millions of people walking around right now maybe some of us in this room with perfectly normal blood sugar perfectly normal a1c those things are only normal because they're being kept in check by sky-high insulin chronic hyperinsulinemia and there's so many conditions that are related to this in people with or without normal blood sugar don't have time to run through them all this is probably old news to most of you anyway we know pcos is a hyperinsulinemic condition hypertension generally goes away real quick on a low carb diet erectile dysfunction men e.d is not a libido problem it's a cardiovascular problem and cardiovascular problems are insulin problems so i want to um give credit to ivor cummins who is here with us today all the way from ireland he's the one who's brought the work of dr joseph kraft back to the spotlight and um i never even heard of dr craft before ivar started writing about him it's some of the most important most fascinating stuff i've learned in the past couple of years dr kraft is the one who pioneered the oral gluc what's what's now known as the craft test it's the oral glucose tolerance test with the insulin assay so instead of just testing your glucose they test the insulin and kraft is the one who uncovered this huge huge buried iceberg of these people with normal blood sugar who were not diabetic but they're hyperinsulinemic so if if you have chronic hyperinsulinemia you are at greater risk for alzheimer's disease period regardless of your family history regardless of your genetics if you are chronically swimming in insulin you are at increased risk for alzheimer's the risk of alzheimer's doubled in 39 of a sample of a study sample with with was highest in people without diabetes this is dr craft in action these people were these people have what craft called diabetes in situ or occult diabetes occult meaning hidden the the high glucose is hidden by the high insulin so i think dr kraft and i and ivor would probably think these people are diabetic they're just not diagnosed insulin resistance may be a marker of alzheimer's risk associated with reduced cerebral metabolic rate of glucose subtle cognitive impairments at the earliest stage of disease before the onset of mild cognitive impairment remember this is your canary in the coal mine guys this is the first domino to fall the chronic hyperinsulinemia the reduced brain glucose metabolism are the first dominoes to fall they happen well before signs and symptoms start to manifest well before anything else that we take for granted in this illness all right if we're going to talk about risk for alzheimer's there's hyperinsulinemia what about e4 there's probably some e4s in this room who are very scared of this illness and i can't tell you not to be scared you need to feel the way you need to feel but i hope that i can put some perspective into this apoe4 right now is the strongest known genetic risk factor for alzheimer's they call it the alzheimer's gene but i think that's really misleading first of all so we get we get two copies of every gene right one from our mother one from our father people with one copy of e4 are at increased risk for alzheimer's people with two copies homozygous are like exponentially increased risk it's something on the order of 50 to 90 chance that you will get alzheimer's if you're homozygous e4 however there's lots and lots of people who are homozygous for e4 who do not develop alzheimer's and millions of people who have alzheimer's don't even carry one copy of e4 let alone two so this gene doesn't cause alzheimer's nobody's genetically programmed to get alzheimer's disease one of the largest uh concentrations of the apoe4 gene is is tribes in nigeria they're super super high e4s you know what they don't have alzheimer's disease so the fascinating thing about e4 is it is hypothesized that e4 is the oldest hominid most ape-like allele of the of the apoe gene and like like the apoe 2 and 3 are believed to have appeared later in human evolution being that this is the oldest one this one is believed to have been forged in our hunter-gatherer times so it's not that e4 causes alzheimer's e4 is just the worst mismatch for the way we eat and live in the 20th and 21st centuries it's just these people suffer the most with tons of refined carbs tons of vegetable oils not sleeping all the things that are you know incongruent with the way with how this gene was forged it should be noted that e4 is not an inherently damaging allele it is only deleterious in combination with a high carb diet which is deleterious on its own again same thing e4 not really damaging by itself only in combination with high carbs and that causes all these other chronic non-communicable illnesses even in people without e4 so if you have e4 i i wouldn't be too worried if you if you eat the way you eat at this conference so we talked about the uh the apoe4 if we're going to talk about risk we also have to talk about amyloid what is this fish doing on my slide what is this redfish doing on my slide do you know what kind of a fish that is it's a herring and it's a red herring because amyloid plaques and beta-amyloid proteins are red herrings they're not total red herrings they're not meaningless but let's dissect what this stuff actually is and does low regional cerebral metabolic rate of glucose is a very early event in the disease process well before any clinical signs of dementia are evident and well before a cell loss or plaque deposition is predicted to have occurred the buildup of these amyloid plaques in most cases is a late player to the game again the cerebral the lowered brain glucose metabolism is the earliest step these plaques don't come into play until later so what are amyloid proteins what are amyloid plaques basic explanation beta amyloid is a protein secreted by your neurons and it's secreted by other cells too but we're mostly concerned with the neurons here and again just like oxidation this is a it happens in healthy brains too the problem in alzheimer's is that these proteins are not cleared away properly they sort of build up and accumulate and when they build up to a certain concentration they solidify and they may cross-link into each other they get glycated they form these infamous amyloid plaques it's this gunky sticky mess in the brain and these plaques actually do get in the way of those synapses they do block neuronal communication so when i said it's not a total red herring they are kind of meaningful but not in the way we think um there's a lot more evidence that these amyloid proteins are actually protective and that trying to get rid of them willy-nilly may actually be making things worse one thing to know they're actually not supposed to diagnose alzheimer's disease in a living person they're supposed to diagnose you with alzheimer like dementia or suspected alzheimer's and the reason is because this is only supposed to be formally diagnosed upon autopsy when they look at your brain and they look for the plaques but guess what lots and lots of people who die from alzheimer's disease do not have significant plaque buildup and lots of people who die from other causes with no signs or symptoms of dementia or alzheimer's are found to have significant plaque buildup so either these plaques are not the are not a cause of alzheimer's or they're not the main cause we need to figure out a little more about what they're doing again basic graphical representation of what it looks like this gunk that just builds up extracellularly outside getting in the way of neuronal communication more it's more and more coming to light that amyloid is so many of you in the room have probably heard the name dale bredesen he's an md he wrote a book called the end of alzheimer's highly recommended the production of the amyloid is a protective response the idea of just getting rid of the amyloid without understanding why it's there actually makes very little biological sense formation of beta amyloid may be an element in the brain's defense against oxidative stress oxidative stress may provoke the protective release of beta amyloid over and over and over again this amyloid has been shown to be protective in multiple ways and there's been several drugs now at least three or four maybe more drugs that have been developed to reduce the secretion of the amyloid or reduce formation of the plaques every single one of these drugs has been a failure now they've been a success in that they do reduce the formation of the of the proteins and plaques but reduced amyloid buildup in the brain does nothing to stop the disease process it does nothing to stop the alzheimer's from getting worse in fact the phase three clinical trials of one of these drugs had to be stopped early because the people on the drug were doing so much worse than the people on the placebo that it was deemed unethical to continue so this amyloid it's not what we think it is and and remember it's it's not it's not a problem that this beta amyloid protein is being secreted the problem in the alzheimer's brain is it's not being cleared away effectively so we've got these drugs we've got this substance we've demonized this seemingly very healthful good beneficial substance that we've demonized and if we could just eradicate it all together if we could get rid of every molecule of amyloid we've just cured does that remind anyone of anything else any other beneficial substance that we're trying to get rid of as much as possible and it's hasn't worked out so well for us so remember the analogy cholesterol is the cardiovascular disease as amyloid is to alzheimer's and again i'm not saying that amyloid is completely benign i mean i i like in the amyloid protein buildup to a fever so even if so a fever is your body's protective mechanism right you're trying to raise your core temperature in order to fight off some invading pathogen but if the fever goes too high then the fever itself becomes a problem i think it's kind of the same way with the amyloid it may initially be protective but because it's not being cleared away and it's now building up and solidifying into plaques now it's a problem so it's not that the amyloid is totally you know like we shouldn't ever try to get rid of it but it's just not what we think um can we tie this back to insulin yeah you bet we can so i just said that the problem in the alzheimer's brain is that these proteins are not being cleared away effectively oddly enough the thing that's responsible for clearing away amyloid protein is a little enzyme called insulin degrading enzyme what so insulin degrading enzyme does exactly like what it sounds like it does it clears away insulin hormones can't just linger in the bloodstream forever something has to come and clear them away so that's what ide insulin degrading enzyme does but a lot of enzymes in the body have multiple targets or what we call substrates multiple different things they can work on ide is one of them it has multiple targets and um parents who have more than one child always claim they don't have a favorite child right they don't pick even if they do they'll say i don't have a favorite enzymes are not like that enzymes do pick favorites and the favorite child of ide is insulin so that means whenever there's significant amounts of insulin the insulin degrading enzyme is busy clearing away all the insulin leaving all its other targets to just be left behind one of the other targets this enzyme degrades is amyloid proteins how crazy is that that's amazing under hyperinsulinemic conditions insulin competes with beta-amyloid for insulin degrading enzyme leading to the accumulation of beta amyloid and senile platformation insulin degrading enzyme a major beta amyloid degrading enzyme might be what we call competitively inhibited by insulin resulting in decreased amyloid degradation it's been shown that elevated insulin levels in type 2 diabetes and i would argue all the hyperinsulinemic people who were just not diagnosed diabetics this induces beta-amyloid accumulation through competition between insulin and beta-amyloid for ide you understand this right how crazy this is alzheimer's disease is your brain on krispy kremes it's your brain on sugar it's your brain on refined carbs it's your brain on these corn oil there's more to it i'm not trying to oversimplify there's a lot of other factors but just remember the donuts because that'll help you keep this in mind are there other things that get in the way of healthy cognition yeah there sure are especially when we're talking about our parents our grandparents anyone as we age how many of our parents grandparents maybe even us are on prescription antacids these drugs were never intended to be taken for the long term never intended to be taken for 10 20 30 years what did i say about the myelin sheath vitamin b12 you know what you need to absorb vitamin b12 stomach acid i heard it from someone you your stomach is supposed to be acidic there is a reason there is hydrochloric acid in your stomach it does no good to eat the most fancy-schmancy organic grass-fed artisanal food if you're not actually digesting and absorbing it there's that freeze you are what you eat you are not what you haven't you all seen corn you know where coming out leafy greens you're not what you eat you are what you digest and absorb and assimilate prescription antacids reduce stomach acid to the point that you may become deficient in critical nutrients and i specifically called out b12 because that's a biggie but brain healthy cognition doesn't happen in a vacuum doesn't happen by magic you need certain nutrients to construct all those cell membranes to con you know to to have proper neuronal communication iron zinc magnesium choline this stuff doesn't happen by itself i'm so glad that dr ali who's right here on the front and dave feldman spoke yesterday because nobody's afraid of cholesterol anymore if if you were even before you came here um statin drugs have some very very alarming implications for cognition especially long-term use everything you're going to see in the next couple of slides comes directly from the us fda's website adverse information from statins the potential for generally non-serious and reversible cognitive side effects memory loss confusion reports of increased blood sugar and glycosylated hemoglobin levels have been added to statin labels yes statins increased risk for type 2 diabetes i think dr ali covered that i could that that could be a whole other talk that mechanism the fda continues to believe that the cardiovascular benefits of statins outweigh these small increased risks do you know what that means in plain english the cardiovascular benefits if there are any i'll i'll say that in plain english congratulations mr jones you've got the lowest cholesterol in the dementia ward i mean are you kidding me are you kidding me with this so again adverse adverse information this is what they show patients on the website memory loss and confusion have been reported with statin use these reported events were generally not serious and went away once the drug was no longer being taken this is what they tell the doctors rare post-marketing reports of cognitive impairment memory loss forgetfulness amnesia memory impairment associated with statin use again generally not serious reversible autonomous statin discontinuation okay first of all how many doctors tell their patients to stop taking their statin if anything it's fear-mongering way to the other side don't you dare stop that for even five minutes and then these symptoms are generally not serious when when my husband or my best friend or my neighbor or my child doesn't recognize me doesn't know my name can't find their way home don't tell me that's not serious i don't know how they get away with this that sounds pretty darn serious to me it has been shown over and over and over and over again that high cholesterol seems to be beneficial as we age no reason to be afraid of cholesterol anymore high ldlc the ldl is inversely associated with mortality and most people over 60. inversely associated right the higher your cholesterol the longer you live now i like to kind of put this in perspective it bothers me when they say you know lower risk for mortality no no everybody here has a 100 risk for mortality right none of us is getting out of this alive unless depending on your religion you might believe there's one person who escaped that but it just it just means that your risk of dying from anything other than a nice happy old age is lower non-demented elderly with levels of total cholesterol non-hdlc and ldl in the lowest quartile or approximately twice as likely to die than those in the highest quartile high cholesterol increasingly all the time shown to be associated with increased cognitive you know better cognitive function decreased dementia risk they did a study in very elderly chinese people uh total cholesterol levels within the high normal range are associated with better cognitive performance especially in the oldest of the old people they decide that low cholesterol can serve as a clinical indicator for cognitive impairment risk risk for cognitive impairment in the elderly when i get a client i'm a nutritionist when i get a client with like freakishly low cholesterol i don't pat them on the back and say congratulations i say what's going on here and maybe it doesn't mean anything bad but i don't immediately get happy low cholesterol to me especially in an older person especially in an older woman is a little bit alarming to me and i want to dig deeper and see what's going on but no reason to be afraid of ldl as you age what are we going to do about this if i didn't think we could do something i wouldn't be here if you didn't think we could do something about this you wouldn't be what are we going to do about it alzheimer's disease may be similar to obesity coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes and being a consequence of the conflict between our paleolithic genetic constitution and our current neolithic diet right this is the apoe4 right here it's just a mismatch it's just we're eating and living wrong okay we've been saying all along alzheimer's disease is a energy crisis right a fuel shortage in the brain well but that fuel crisis is specific to glucose right these neurons have lost the ability to properly metabolize and harness energy from glucose well wouldn't it be great wouldn't it be really great if there was some alternative fuel some other fuel that we could give these starving struggling neurons well what do you know anyone ever heard of ketones before anyone okay so the the most fascinating thing about alzheimer's disease is that for whatever reason even though these cells are not able to properly metabolize glucose they can still take up and metabolize ketones now an older very severely demented brain is not going to do this as well as a younger healthy person but it can still do it and they've shown this over and over in studies not just in mice not just in cultured neurons in human subjects with mild cognitive impairment which is the precursor to alzheimer's and full-blown alzheimer's this quote has one of my very favorite lines ever from the medical literature this is from sam henderson a pretty prominent alzheimer's researcher throughout much of human evolution ketosis likely served as a valuable survival mechanism to fuel brain metabolism during times of food scarcity and i would argue during low carbohydrate intake not just during starvation in some ways the modern diet can be considered keto deficient that is one of my all-time favorite lines and so is this probably even more from stephen cunning who's a researcher up in canada his work is stunning with ketones on alzheimer's two points are clear alzheimer's disease is at least in part exacerbated by if not actually caused by chronic progressive brain fuel starvation due specifically to brain glucose deficit and attempting to treat the cognitive deficit early in alzheimer's using ketogenic interventions is safe ethical and scientifically well-founded can i get an amen and a hallelujah okay so glad we're all on the same page and before i forget i want to go back to insulin for one minute because i forgot something very important they've done some studies some of you may have even you might be familiar with them something called intranasal insulin they administer insulin via a nasal spray it gets into the brain and the alzheimer's subject do have improved cognition but it's a very short-term fix right that's not going to like reverse one of the interesting things about this condition is that even though most of these people are wildly hyperinsulinemic in the periphery the body outside the central nervous system in the brain on the central nervous system they're hypo insulinemic they have less insulin in the brain and cerebral spinal fluid than healthy people but in my mind so let's give them the short-term fix let's give them the intranasal insulin it'll help let's make all the other interventions too but um this intranasal in my mind the answer is not to give them more insulin the answer is to re-sensitize the brain to the insulin that's already trying to get in it's like giving it's like what we do with type 2 diabetics you don't give people who are who are awash and insulin more insulin you have intervention so that the the the stunning amounts of insulin that are already there do what they're supposed to do so i did want to mention that because i think that's fascinating how are we going to raise ketone levels there's a lot of different ways don't have time to cover them all you all know it anyway i do want to hit real quickly on the coconut oil because many of you have probably heard of dr mary newport whose husband had alzheimer's and she started out she was a neonatologist so she knew a little bit about the the benefits of mcts for the brain from from the newborns and the preemies she started out by putting coconut oil on her husband's oatmeal that's all she did he was still eating his habitual high carb diet he wasn't doing a keto diet just with that just by adding a little bit of coconut oil she noticed a significant enough improvement to spur her on to further research and now she's very active in researching the ketone esters and salts but we know that even when you're eating a high carb diet getting some ketones into your body somehow will help your cognition her husband was markedly improved so we have to talk about the exogenous ketones most of the research on alzheimer's has been done on the exogenous because you can't give old sick people egg yolks you can't you can't give them butter so you know i understand that's not you know they don't want to do that research for now in my opinion normally i don't recommend exogenous ketones because most of the clients who come to me are type 2 diabetics they have obesity exogenous ketones are not a fat loss tool so and i think there's a little bit of misleading and misinformation in their marketing that being said i do think for neurological conditions i think they can be really really helpful especially if you have somebody very very elderly very advanced dementia you are not going to get that person to do a ketogenic diet it's hard enough on them let alone the caregiver i mean caregiving for somebody with dementia is hard enough let alone trying to force them to eat things they don't want to eat and taking away their favorite foods right so in those cases i do think you should give the exogenous ketones but that's just a band-aid it's covering the symptom because the ketones will improve cognition in the short term but let's get one thing clear whether we're talking about alzheimer's or diabetes or gout or pcos or what exogenous ketones do not induce all of the same metabolic and physiological changes that a ketogenic or low-carb diet does so they're not useless they have their time in place and but but i i like to say that exxon giving exogenous ketones without changing the diet and lifestyle is like bailing water out of a leaky boat without stopping to patch the hole you're just managing the crisis in the short term while the actual underlying problem is getting worse so um my advice is to do both do as much as you can to change the diet and lifestyle and give the ketones and if you can't change the diet and lifestyle yes give the ketones all right i get the question a lot do i need to follow a ketogenic diet to prevent this if i've eaten the standard american garbage and i'm 30 i'm 40 i'm 50 is it too late am i already on the fast track to alzheimer's i don't think so and i say potentially prevent because i don't know for sure that we can prevent this i don't even know if there's a way to design a prospective study to see if we can prevent it i believe we can so assuming we can how would we potentially do this i don't think everybody on the planet needs to live in ketosis they might throw me out for saying that um clearly there are healthy long-lived robust people all around the world who don't live at 20 grams of carbohydrate a day or less they eat fruit they eat starchy tubers they even eat grains right we can't deny that so i don't think you have to be in ketosis all the i mean it would be ridiculous for me to stand up here and pretend that strawberries cause alzheimer's or parsnips or beets or lentils i mean that's ridiculous what i think you do have to do is stay within your own level of carbohydrate and insulin comfort some of us are going to have to be under 50 a day some of us can eat 150 200 grams a day and be fine so do you have to do keto to potentially prevent this probably not once somebody is already in the disease process i think you're better off doing something as drastic and as strict as you can if you're going to turn the titanic around the primary event leading to the development of alzheimer's is consumption of an evolutionarily discordant diet this predicts relatively simple preventive measures lowering the consumption of starchy carbs increasing essential fats might be effective simple dietary modifications fewer highly processed carbs relatively more fats and cholesterol likely protective i had to put the bone marrow down there because somebody once called me out for not having any organs in the in the presentation i don't know if bone marrow counts of bones count as an organ but liver is not photogenic kidneys are not photogenic bone marrow can be photogenic if it's roasted and you got the parsley and it's all pretty but i chose that one so what does this look like what does a potentially alzheimer's protective potentially preventive diet look like it looks like all the food we're already eating that is freaking delicious this this is not a hardship diet this is not a cardboard sprouts tasteless diet this is fatty meat fatty salmon non-starchy vegetables uh full-fat dairy preferably raw grass-fed if you can get it where you live it's not legal in all states glass of wine maybe never hurt anybody now and then i think there is hope like i said at the beginning i don't mean to oversimplify this there's a lot more besides the diet i wrote a book called the alzheimer's antidote and i talk about fasting exercise stress management i talk about other things besides the diet um but i think we know so much more about this than we're led to believe and i i almost feel bad that i had to be the one to tell you if if today if me speaking is the first time you've ever heard the phrase type 3 diabetes or heard that the brain glucose hypo metabolism is the main problem shame on your neurologist shame on your geriatric doctor i should not have had to say this i shouldn't have had to write my book someone should have beaten me this to this 10 years ago and it's okay that they didn't it's getting out now my book dale bredesen's book mary newport's book um i just don't think this is a hopeless situation so that's my book if you want to know more um we have a little bit of time for q a but i will be here all day please come up i'm happy to answer questions thank you and i was holding my glasses the whole time because i thought i would need them but i didn't so oh well that's the best talk i've heard amy thank you that talk alone was enough coming to this session thank you um you touched a little bit on stomach acid what do you think about the precursors for neurotransmitters the precursors for neurotransmitters like phenylalanine tyrosine they come from protein and if you don't have enough acid i don't know if that makes a difference i don't know if you care to operate that's that's a good question i don't know how much of a difference that makes in that but certainly you do have to be able to break down those proteins to get those amino acids and i mean stuart phillips out of mcmaster university he's a big protein researcher he doesn't really research this he researches more skeletal muscle hypertrophy and all that he he kind of doesn't like when people say you know don't don't go too low on protein because you need amino acids for the neurotransmitters and the hormones that's probably one of the lesser things of protein compared to building muscle mass but i agree with you i mean i just why are we trying to get rid of stomach acid when most people who have i mean we all know in this room most people that have gerd or acid reflux have too much acid not too little sorry have too little not too much and even if they did have too too much it's the grains why does gerd go away literally in about 48 hours on a ketogenic diet it disappears from most but yeah good point absolutely fantastic talk amy is fantastic so um if you wouldn't mind just because i feel like it often gets lost but uh could you actually take us through real quick the early warning signs of alzheimer's because i think a lot of people it really helps to know that because often you kind of need somebody else to check it for you because they can often see it a little bit better than you can if you're the one that's afflicted yeah that's a that's a good question because if you are afflicted you might even know what's going on but you don't want to admit it you're not going to go to the doctor because you're scared this is terrifying because you know until now we think there's nothing this is terrifying this is a really scary illness you might not want to acknowledge that you think you're going down the path it differs the way it manifests in different people is different um some people you know it starts with sort of early memory what we call senior moments and i don't want to scare everybody everybody has senior moments but when they start becoming more and more common and they start affecting your life um i've heard reports from people like cpas accountants that do a lot of math in their professions they find that they can't calculate as quickly in their head you might forget words for things like that that metal thing on the table because you don't remember the word fork it could be subtle like that so and i think it varies from person to person and you can actually have your brain glucose metabolism measured via pet scan i don't recommend it but if you are somebody who thinks you are on the path to this disease that might not be a bad idea i think i'm out of time no other questions going once amy burger ladies and gentlemen thank you thank you

- Ketosis for Improving Cognition: Dr. Bredesen's Anti-Alzheimer's Diet II, Ep. 055: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody. In the last several videos we've been talking about Dr. Bredesen's ReCODE protocol for reversal of cognitive decline, which has been a crucial program for my dad. Dr. Bredesen's team has helped hundreds of people reverse their cognitive decline, established mild cognitive impairment, and Alzheimer's disease with this protocol as evidence in successful studies in 2014, 2018, 2022, and current clinical trials. On episode 48, we talked about Dr. Bredesen's anti-Alzheimer's diet, also known as KetoFlex 12/3. You can find an introductory brief overview on this diet on episode 16, which I'll be linking in the description box below. In that last episode, we specifically talked about insulin resistance and how central it is to cognitive decline. Recap. Of the multiple modalities of treatment within the protocol, the core four major areas of treatment Dr. Bredesen calls upon are DESS. Diet, exercise, sleep, and stress reduction. These four modes of treatment make the biggest difference in helping prevent and reverse Alzheimer's and cognitive decline. One of the main reasons they all have such a profound effect on cognitive health is because they all greatly help prevent and reverse insulin resistance and promote insulin sensitivity when optimized. Go to episode 14 for a brief overview on how critical testing blood sugar and insulin sensitivity markers are to cognitive health. The short of it is, Dr. Bredesen's team has found that patients that have the best results on the protocol all restored or improved their insulin sensitivity. In the last episode, we talked about what insulin resistance really is, how it negatively affects the brain, and how it has recently exploded in our population. Overconsumption of highly refined carbohydrates has led to an unnatural transition from burning both fat and carbohydrates for energy toward exclusively burning only glucose for fuel. As glucose markers increase and the loss of sensitivity to insulin develops, just like in type 2 diabetes, the brain's ability to access the glucose it needs drops. As the insulin resistance increases, this leads to a fuel deficiency in the brain. Less energy to go around for neurons means downsizing of function. So, it's easy to see why lowered insulin response is such a massive driver of cognitive decline. And why Alzheimer's disease has recently been termed type 3 diabetes. As a population, we are swimming in an ocean of artificially processed and manufactured food-like substances highly loaded with sugar and inflammatory industrial seed oils. In response to this, Dr. Bredesen's team has formulated a dietary program based on very good research that promoted insulin sensitivity, minimized inflammation, reduced obesity, improved cardiovascular status, helped optimize hormonal response, and thus improved cognition. Dr. Bredesen's anti-Alzheimer's diet, KetoFlex 12/3. Again, see episodes 16 and 48 for good primers on this diet. The first foundational principle of KetoFlex 12/3 refers to ketosis, the process in which our body breaks down and burns fat for energy as opposed to carbohydrates. To promote ketosis, Dr. Bredesen wants us eating a low-carbohydrate diet, minimizing simple carbs such as sugars, bread, white potatoes, white rice, soft drinks, alcohol, candy, cakes, and processed foods, and consuming healthy fats. This switches our metabolisms from carbohydrate burning and insulin resistant to fat burning and insulin sensitive. But, what's the big deal with ketosis? Well, fortunately, even when our brains can no longer use glucose effectively, they are able to use another fuel substrate to address this deficit, ketone bodies. Ketones have been found to fuel the brain very effectively, up to 75% of its energy needs. The brain does fuel the other 25% with glucose. However, this does not mean that we have to eat sugar. Even in the absence of sugar consumption, the final 25% of the brain's energy needs may be supplied by the glucose produced in our livers by a process called gluconeogenesis. Dr. Mary Newport experienced stunning results as her husband, Steve, who had been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's, dramatically improved his cognition by fueling his brain with ketones and getting into ketosis. Go to episode 49 for my interview with Dr. Newport for more details. And check out her most recent 2024 study of 288 case reports of measured cognitive function improvement in Alzheimer's patients after ketogenic interventions. I've linked the study below. One of the earliest studies on this was Dr. Sam Henderson's randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial study in 2009. Almost half of these subjects with mild to moderate Alzheimer's improved cognitive scores with a ketogenic intervention. The higher the measured ketone levels, the more improved the cognitive function. Dr. Stephen Cunnane, really the leader in the science of the brain energetics in Alzheimer's, has consistently demonstrated over the years how ketones rescue brain energy deficits. Dr. Cunnane's work has clearly shown how the brain preferentially uses ketones irrespective of how much glucose may be available to the neurons. Following a ketogenic intervention, most of the patients diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment improved their cognitive scores in his 2019 study. The higher the ketone levels, the higher the cognitive function. Impressive results were obtained in Dr. Robert Krikorian's 2010 study in which patients with mild cognitive impairment ate either a high carbohydrate diet, 50% of calories being carbs, or a low carbohydrate diet, 5 to 10% of calories being carbs. And after only 6 weeks, cognition improved in the low carb group only. The higher the ketone levels, the higher the cognitive function. Not only did cognition improve in this group, but weight dropped, waist measurements shrank, and fasting glucose and insulin declined. I linked all of these studies below so you can check them out. But after a decade plus, the published research continues to show how powerful ketosis and fueling brains with ketones can be for optimal cognitive function as well as rescuing declining function. Again, Dr. Bredesen's team has found that patients that respond with the best results of the protocol all restore or improve their insulin sensitivity. And ketosis is another tool in the arsenal to reverse insulin resistance, promote metabolic flexibility, and thus improve cognitive health and function. For more in-depth details on KetoFlex 12/3, check out Dr. Bredesen's blog. I've linked a great article by his chief health liaison, Julie Gregory. Julie's website forum, apoe4.info, is another great resource for more details on everything KetoFlex 12/3 and more. And I'd love to hear from you. Has your neurologist ever spoken to you about ketones, ketosis, or diet for that matter? What do you think of this video? Please drop me a comment. If you found this information helpful, please feel free to share this video with anyone you think it could serve. And please like and subscribe as it helps our community grow. And remember, I'm not a doctor. I don't have a PhD. I'm a caregiver and citizen researcher on the ground helping a loved one, someone just like you. This information is for educational purposes only. Please consult your medical practitioner before implementing any changes. Thank you for watching. My dad thanks you. Hope these resources are helpful to you and your family. See you in the next video. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @annegabels6680 [1 likes]: Your info is interesting...my mom has dementia.  It is difficult and I don't live with her, so getting her to adhere to keto diet is impossible.  Looking for a place to put her in that would feed her keto diet.   I have give her MCT oil and exogenous ketones, but she doesn't use them regularly as she forgets.

To get your word out, have you thought about getting onto other popular you tube videos?...ones that are pushing keto/carnivore and to reducing carbs...Like Kerry from "Healing Humanity", "No Carb Life" (Dave Mac), even podcasts like "Low Carb MDs"...and Anthony Chaffee "Plant Free MD"...you are all saying the same message!! We need to get people, especially the elderly, off processed foods...low carb.
  2. @DeliveringSolutions [1 likes]: The message is good and needs to be learned by most.
To get more views, there are a handful of things to improve presentation / production.  Others have YT videos about that.

- Medical Edge: Institute conducting Alzheimer's prevention research: Kind: captions Language: en a special Forget Me Not Gayla this week supports research at the UC Neuroscience Institute what kind of research well some that might have you soon feeding your own head we have details in our medical Edge what if you could take what's in here and use it to make what's in here work better well that's exactly what Dr Robert korian a neuroschistosomiasis on this journey is stressful so 6 months before my wife passed away my neurologist looked me in the eye he said John you have to understand that the caregiver often dies before the one they're caring for Dr korian has been studying Alzheimer's and Dementia or memory loss in patients for years the goal of his research is not just to look at medications which sometimes work if they are taken early to actually make people more alert but don't actually slow down the progression yet of this disease his goal or his Focus has been working in prevention and there are a number of things U that are promising in that regard in addition to finding that substances in blueberries and grapes may help slow early memory decline he says his most promising findings right now are in a type of diet that severely restricts carbohydrates such as bread and pasta it is what's called a ketogenic diet we've done it with uh older adults with memory Decline and uh in 6 weeks we showed Improvement in memory function Dr Koran says he is now continuing this research in loving memory of those such as the Van Kirk family they know what it is he says to live with a long goodbye and if you were someone you love would like to participate in any of those prevention trials they always need participants and even if your memory is healthy they need participants 51355 A- 2455 is the number to call couple really interesting things we have a Friday night Gayla which supports the kind of research he does the Forget Me Not de is the Phoenix we have a link to that he has been doing like the uh substances in food so he's done chromium supplements that found a difference he got us uh welage grape juice to sponsor something if you're not into drinking wine and things like that you can do it with the grape juice the dark purple and his most recent thing with that ketogenic diet it's high fat low carb but only if you already have memory loss problems so he says it it goes back to the fact that it Alters things in the body that they think might kind of feed the brain how about the minimal stuff that we were talking about that not no the the minimal stuff matters uh we talked just a little bit earlier about it's not it's not that you lose your memory early it's not that you forget you your keys it's that you forget you have keys you know that's what we worry about but what he found is that if you start early in life protecting your heart you will also protect your head and that's where this prevention research is going so we will uh you know I have a good memory it's just short but I want you to know we will continue to follow his research great stuff

- #23 - Dr. Dominic D'Agostino | Ketogenic Diet for Brain Health and Longevity (Part 1): Kind: captions Language: en i actually feel that it's probably not optimal to be on a ketogenic diet all the time i follow a modified version of it that's you know very rich and plant-based you know fiber and things like that so for the average person there are definitely benefits of intermittent ketosis and and i think the advantage of going into ketosis occasionally is that it promotes metabolic flexibility and opens up and really pushes your body to be more fat adapted hi everyone welcome to live longer world i am your host astha and in this podcast i speak with longevity scientists working to slow and reverse aging to find all podcast episodes and other resources go to my website livelongerworld.com to find the link to the show notes for this episode check out the description below i have a very special guest today dr dom d agastino who needs no introduction in the world of ketogenic diets but here's a super brief one he is an associate professor with his research focusing on metabolic-based therapies ketogenic diets ketogenic supplements and other metabolic-based drugs make sure to check out his website ketonutrition.org where he educates people like us and other consumers on his research okay now let's dive into the episode hi dom and welcome to the leblanc world podcast great to be here thank you for having me so firstly i want to thank you because you're a huge part of the reason i started practicing ketogenic diets myself and this was about two years ago now i do mostly a modified atkins sort of diet i think similar to what you do because i incorporate a lot of vegetables especially christopher's vegetables in my diet but i feel so good i absolutely love the diet i love the brain clarity benefits and just overall energy and lightness so thank you for spreading the word on it great well yeah thank you for listening to you know whatever information you heard or read or whatever and uh advancing sort of the the message behind here i think not a ketogenic diet is not for everybody but i think uh it is important to reduce the amount of sugar and processed carbohydrates that we're consuming and uh i'm actually a fan of a higher plant-based you know higher veggie incorporating veggies into the diet actually the the first part the first blog that i ever did on keto nutrition if you go way back the title of it is implementing a plant-based ketogenic diet because i get so many questions about that and uh i personally felt that there was a lot of benefits that people can derive by maybe reducing meat and incorporating more plants and that so i actually i made that the blog the first blog that kicked off our our uh website you know blog that was the first blog ever so way back it was like four or five years ago yeah yeah and that's certainly possible i mean i'm i'm vegetarian actually i don't eat any meat so it's totally possible and we'll dive all into that and a bunch of questions that you get asked on it but i think i want to start with just the history of ketogenic diets because most people you know they may have heard of keto and it's a popular diet it's often synonymous with just a weight loss diet but i think people don't realize that you know it actually started um as research for neurodegenerative diseases or for neuroprotective against seizures and epilepsy and a huge part of your research is focused on that in fact so maybe you can touch a bit about the connection between uh ketogenic diets and protecting the brain against uh neurological disorders yeah thanks for uh yeah bringing that the history is really important and i didn't i went i was in a dietetics program uh at rutgers university for my undergrad and later majored in in bio2 but uh during my training in nutrition science and dietetics uh we didn't really talk about the ketogenic diet just that it was a bad thing to do to even think about we didn't talk about the clinical use of it uh we did talk about protein sparing modified fats and how people died from doing you know this zero carb you know high protein diet which was just basically drinking collagen they became protein deficient that's kind of another story but the ketogenic diet has its roots at the mayo clinic and it is the 100 year anniversary of the ketogenic diet actually and i just oh we just got our uh our book which kind of commemorates that uh with some of the leaders at johns hopkins dr eric kossoff uh as part part of this dr john rowe who is at barrow neurological institute he's at ucsd now they were they got me interested in the ketogenic diet uh dr eric kossoff's mentor was the late john freeman who really advanced the use of the ketogenic diet and pediatric epilepsy at johns hopkins uh prior to that work was done way back in the 1920s to at the mayo clinic and they designed a diet that was very high in fat up to over 90 fat and the idea was to mimic fasting because we knew through centuries or millennia that fasting was a way to control seizures and if you fasted you had the presence of these uh things in the in the blood in urine called ketone bodies and uh one way to mimic the metabolic physiology that would be associated with being in the state of ketosis was to restrict protein many people don't know the ketogenic diet is a protein restricted diet so to restrict protein and carbohydrates probably the most important uh part of being in ketosis but it's protein restricted and it's just primarily fat the protein is you know titrated to prevent protein malnutrition and uh it's it's low enough to prevent gluconeogenesis so by eating very high fat adequate protein and essentially zero carbohydrates if you were to draw blood off a person eating this diet it would look like they're fasting so insulin would be very low igf-1 would be low mtor things associated with longevity and we could talk about that uh activates it increases nad plus levels too which is kind of interesting um but it elevates beta hydroxybutyrate acetoacetate and also with spontaneous decarboxylation you get breath acetone like a fruity smell and it was the the physiological state of being in aesthetic ketosis which had the anti-seizure effect and uh prior to anti-seizure drugs this was the standard of care for epilepsy and other seizure disorders and then drugs came along in the late 50s and 60s and 70s and largely replaced the and then there was a resurgent in a resurgence in 1996 i believe and it was spearheaded by dr ernet by jim abrams and he was working with dr john um john freeman and his son charlie was put on a ketogenic diet and jim i know jim well and and he had connections in hollywood and meryl streep did a movie about the ketogenic diet called first do no harm and it was on a show that i watched back when i was in college actually studying nutrition at the time uh called dateline nbc and maybe it's still on it was on the nbc network and uh and i found it kind of interesting but it didn't appeal to me so much that i wanted to look into it further but the ketogenic diet was used as uh it was the only thing that worked for charlie to control the seizures and he was on many seizure medications he got off the medication started a diet and it like cured its seizures and what was interesting to me and is that when you go on anti-seizure medication and then go off of the medication you get rebound seizures whereas with a ketogenic diet charlie was on the diet and then came off of it and never got seizures again so it cured his diet there was about 15 of people are super responders which means they have rapid and permanent uh loss of seizures they never get seizures so they have to follow the diet for a period of time and then after a period of time where they don't have seizures they come off of it gradually and then they never have seizures again and then the etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown and it's caused by a variety of different things some people go through puberty and have seizures and there's many different reasons why people have seizures but uh the ketogenic diet tends to work for many different seizure types independent of the etiology so you can have you know absence seizures or temporal lobe seizures and you know tonic clonic what we call ground male seizures lennox gastow syndrome gervais syndrome rhett syndrome like there's a variety of and we study oxygen toxicity seizures which are like super powerful ton of chronic seizures and then you know jumping fast forwarding we tried it for that and it was a remarkably effective for that so i became very interested scientifically as to the mechanism like how how are ketones how are being in a state of therapeutic ketosis how does it have a neuroprotective effect and that um i got talked into this area of research when i was studying drugs and then transitioned to more dietary or supplement we developed exogenous ketones too to do that and that was about 2008 or 9 and that changed the trajectory of my career from drug based research to more nutrition and supplement research well that's exactly what what i was going to ask you next what is the mechanism by which these ketone bodies might be anti-seizure or she's a seizure protective yeah that's an area of intense investigation and the thick book that i just showed you there's many chapters in there from top tier researchers at you know ivy league at harvard and yale and duke and johns hopkins and mayo clinic that have written chapters about the mechanism um what the belief is that the well the general consensus now it wasn't maybe back when i started studying this but it's very clear that it's multifactorial so the ketogenic diet works through many mechanisms working in synergy and it tends to work when ketogenic or when anti-epileptic drugs fail and even multiple drugs they may work in the beginning but they they fail many drugs fail about a third of the patients are completely drug refractory and you can put them on a ketogenic diet and more than two-thirds of them respond very favorably and some of them respond remarkably well super responders so we kind of had the understanding that is working through a mechanism independent of what any drug was working through so what we study in our lab is variety of different mechanisms we look at the the thing that got my attention was a reduction and i saw this in uh in cultured neurons hippocampal neurons and cortex neurons and also in hippocampal brain slices which i i did my phd as a patch clamp electrophysiologist maybe people listening to this may not know what patch clamping is but it's uh you take an electrode and you uh it's a microelectrode and you can basically seal onto a neuron in the brain or in culture and you create like a giga ohm seal and then it's kind of it's more of a biophysics technique and then you can measure action potentials and and membrane potential and firing frequency and determine what channels are being activated and things like that so uh doing a variety of techniques we demonstrated that reactive oxygen species uh go down in particular superoxide anion and i was using a method using dihydroethydium to to measure that and it was a remarkable reduction in um and in neurons in culture we could throw a variety of different toxins at them including high pressure oxygen and oxygen is toxic at a certain level and then the neurons seem to maintain their membrane potential and firing frequency there was a a a pretty sharp reduction in oxygen free radicals when in the presence of ketones beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate and i thought this was very important and um and very relevant to the work i was doing in oxygen toxicity seizures which is the limitation for navy seal divers also for hyperbaric oxygen it limits hyperbaric oxygen so uh and it was doing it through a way by enhancing mitochondrial function so if you give a metabolic fuel neurons can run off glucose or run off ketones if you're fasting and maybe lactate too so definitely lactate but but generally speaking then your brain runs off glucose like 100 on a standard american diet and then if you stop eating today by this time next week your brain would be using about sixty percent of its cerebral energy metabolism will be derived from beta hydroxybutyrate and seoul acetate so the ketone bodies in circulation and uh and this seems to provide an energetic advantage to the brain under some circumstances in particular seizures and in the presence of of toxins so like oxygen or i was using like glutamate and various things to cause oxidative stress and excitotoxicity and uh so i became very interested in in ketones as a neuroprotective compound an anti-seizure compound so the work in cell cultures got me to write different grants and then convinced the department of defense to study this in a rap model and uh and in a rap model the the the use of previous work by the military did fasting for but you can't get navy seals to fast for days prior to going into a mission so the idea was to mimic the metabolic physiology of fasting by administering a ketogenic compound and and in our case we administered a ketogenic compound 30 minutes prior to a simulation of a high pressure oxygen exposure and in this case it had a remarkable effect at delaying the latency the seizure which we actually do we measure eeg we met diaphragmatic emg and we have you know body temperature we measure many different variables under these conditions in addition to having a video camera system set up to show the behavioral seizures and under these conditions it it was far more effective than any anti-convulsant drug that was ever tried you know by administering these these not all compounds so the first ones we tested didn't have any effect and i started to lose enthusiasm and then we we developed and tested a compound that elevated beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate in a one to one ratio and we can talk about the redox effect that this had and uh and it seemed most important not to elevate beta hydroxybutyrate but to elevate beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate sort of in a certain ratio and uh and it was not totally clear at the time and it's still not totally clear why that's the case but uh experimentally we saw this in different you know animal models my colleagues were sending me papers and you know so i worked with a doctor or a professor at case western dr andrei bernie grabber who chaired the nih-sponsored metabolomics core at case western and he gave me the recipe more or less to synthesize a ketone ester a particular ketone ester that ended up being very efficacious in this animal model of oxygen toxicity and then later we use this particular ketone ester in a variety of different disease states including cancer including angelman syndrome other types of seizure disorders and then we developed ketone electrolyte salts which are the ketone body beta hydroxybutyrate which has interesting effects it's certain activation bdnf and things like that that we're studying but beta hydroxybutyrate bound to like sodium potassium magnesium so an electrolyte that you can consume that tastes good so that was big uh advancement and actually you can elevate ketones and with something that actually tastes good and delivers electrolytes too which are kind of important under some circumstances so like these are the things that i consume on a daily basis and that are commercially available now and then we're using them in similar studies and getting very interesting results with these compounds so uh i mean we have a library of like 60 or 70 different compounds so there's a variety of different ketogenic agents that you can develop including things that are fats like medium chain triglycerides are a type of fat that you can consume and then they go to the liver via hepatic portal circulation they're not packaged into kylo microns like long chain fats and then through beta oxidation in the liver it uh it generates uh acetyl a a lot of acetyl coa and this condenses to osteoacetate and then you form it stimulates the ketogenesis process so you can sort of naturally coax your body into producing ketones through these ketogenic fats and what we find when we combine exogenous ketones with these ketogenic fats it seems to further augment the therapeutic efficacy of these compounds so so there becomes an interesting you know experiments of formulating different compounds for different disorders so we're really in the process of that and then my phd student i just finished a long meeting with her and she's extracting histones and we're looking at you know you know dna methylation and then histone modifications that are driven by a beta hydroxybutyrate so beta hydroxybutyrate can affect histone deacetylase enzymes but beta-hydroxybutyrate can also directly interact with histones through a process called beta-hydroxybutyrolation and similar something happens similar with lactate but the beta-hydroxybutyrate can directly interact with the histone and cause modifications that have a favorable effect in the disease processes that we're studying now that's fascinating loads going on well one question i think that comes up commonly is that okay sure it can be protective against people who have epilepsy for example but if for someone who's healthy you know it's like anyone who's practiced the ketogenic diet they know the mental clarity benefits that you get but people have this notion that you shouldn't somehow be doing this on a consistent long-term basis for example when i told my friend who was a doctor that i'd be practicing this she said no no your brain absolutely needs glucose to run it can't survive without it so you shouldn't be doing this for maybe after your experimentation is done so what research do you have on you know it could possibly be beneficial uh for healthy people as well the in terms of the ketone bodies for the brain specifically yeah i you know even in in the in this book here and in the book by the hopkins group um i think like even in the the introduction it says the ketogenic diet is not a natural diet it's an unnatural state and it shouldn't be followed and it should be thought of as a medical therapy it's a very calculated diet it's the only diet that we know of that's defined by an objective biomarker that you can measure right so like there's like carnivore diet paleo diet all these diets but the ketogenic diet is a very scientific diet a lot of research behind it to achieve therapeutic ketosis involves a pretty significant rearrangement of the macronutrient ratios so the classical ketogenic diet being like upwards of like 85 to 90 percent fat and then just enough protein to prevent malnutrition and essentially zero carbohydrates then you have modified versions of the ketogenic diet one can and i actually feel that it's probably not optimal to be on a ketogenic diet all the time i follow a modified version of it that's you know very rich and plant-based you know fiber and things like that to be more fat adapted over time and we don't i a lot of people use this term very loosely and it's very kind of nebulous and unclear to many people actually what this is uh but i mean yeah you can res you can measure your respiratory quotient and measure fat oxidation you know relative to carbohydrate oxidation and achieve that but i would i would say it's very unnatural to follow a standard american diet and never enter a state of ketosis so you know our history we had very limited food availability so it would probably go through periods of fasting but also very limited availability of carbohydrates especially sugar and processed carbohydrates no one would debate that but it but i think with the combination of limited carbohydrates availability and limited food availability overall one could make the statement that it would be very unnatural to not go in a state of ketosis periodically even throughout a time frame of one month so so something like like a fasting mimicking diet advanced by dr walter longo uh that you know i kind of choose to fast maybe three days every couple months and that gets you into deep ketosis where your ketone levels are above or beyond your glucose levels and when you achieve this and you measure you try to measure insulin it's almost non-detectable igf-1 goes down you're probably activating a lot of autophagy although i mean we're doing this in mice looking at lc3 and other things and i think if you look at the mouse data and you achieve a glucose ketone index of one where glucose bottoms out and then ketones in milli molar concentration get it get up to like three millimolar and a mouse glucose is like six or seven and that drops down to three and then you you know take a sample of the muscle or liver then you have signs of autophagy so you know whether that translates to humans i don't know i don't want to go on the record of saying that because we need to do these studies but uh but you know i'm willing to start doing this before the human studies are done and occasionally do a three-day fast uh after about 48 hours then you really dig in to start liberating a lot of fat and you start getting into ketosis and then insulin becomes very low so uh and i think that could be that can offer you know longevity advantages and no doubt there are like dr walter longo has kind of demonstrated his studies doing a a fasting mimicking diet you can do that and then you have benefits that last for weeks you know after just doing this for five days and similarly i think if you do like a three-day fast i think you can get benefits for months even after that sounds a little bit far-fetched but i'm starting to believe this now and i think it's a good exercise for your psychology i think it gives you a sense of control i think it changes your relationship with food and i think that's a whole other story that we can talk about but uh but i think it's multifactorial the benefits you can derive from fasting periodically i couldn't agree more i've tried them a few times and had the same experience so on the point of i guess doing it more intermittently i think dr eric werdin also had a study where he did this cyclic ketogenic diet and mice i think it was one week on one week off um and it improved memory or something in old mice um do we know whether you know it might be better to just you know eat regularly healthy what you're doing and do say a three-day fast and get into deep ketosis versus if i don't do this three-day fast and i'm just in doing a modified keto diet the whole time do we have any research on what the the pros and cons of that would be not human research no we're kind of interested in your hypotheses yeah uh well i mean if you're asking like what the optimal diet is that's very individual depends on many different factors right and we have to take measurements right what what gets measured gets managed so there are many biomarkers we can talk you know we can talk about that but uh generally speaking like a lower carbohydrate diet 100 grams or lower i think of it as the cornerstone of a diet is protein now protein can be sort of work against you from a longevity perspective but and that needs to be moderated uh but if you control for calories i think a more moderate to higher protein is probably okay as long as your calories are not not not like you're getting surplus amount of calories excess protein so adequate protein to ensure you know muscle and repair and then a lot of healthy fats uh monounsaturated fatty acids omega-3s mcts things like that and then i think of carbohydrates in the form of fiber like cruciferous vegetables uh some berries i have dark chocolate every day and you know it's that but it's all moderate you can do like 50 to 100 grams of carbs a day and actually get into a state of ketosis and then periodically unless you're using ketogenic diet to manage a chronic condition and there's a variety of conditions that are responsive to a ketogenic diet but i think it also comes down to calories and even you know many of the benefits of a ketogenic diet for weight loss type 2 diabetes and things like that really come down to caloric state and a lot of people don't want to hear this but uh but you know from weight loss perspective there's nothing magical about the ketogenic diet from reducing hyperglycemia there's really nothing magical i think you can you can reduce insulin and glucose with a diet that's high in carbohydrates you know be beneficial if you had higher fiber uh and and it would probably be similar to a ketogenic diet but there are benefits to a ketogenic diet on glycemic variability i mean i see this i wear a continuous glucose monitor and independent of calories there's less glycemic fluctuations and i think that could be beneficial uh for appetite control and and insulin stays a bit lower at least postprandially you know uh with that so you know i think i'm i'm not really answering your question but i'm just giving you some some ideas if people are looking for like that optimal diet and if the ketogenic diet is right for them uh i i encourage people to try one one thing that i encourage people to do is to track and you can there's three different ketone bodies there's blood uh i mean there's beta hydroxybutyrate acetoacetate and acetone and that's measured in blood urine and breath respectively so the abbott precision extra or keto mojo device is good for blood uh there's a variety of keto sticks in siemens multistick sg i think we use it also measures like you know ph and specific gravity and things like that and then there's a breath ketone meter that i use there's a variety on the market uh the biosense device is more of like use clinically fda approved device it measures breath acetone and breath acetone is a very good correlate of fat oxidation and seems to be i was interested in breath acetone because it correlates very well with seizure control so when parents have a child or someone has epilepsy i actually tend to only over the last couple years did i or am i recommending breath acetone now because if acetone is elevated you're definitely in a state of ketosis the devices are now very quantitative you don't have to prick your finger you can measure many times throughout the day and you can blow in as many times as you want and it measures it and uh and it's very accurate so um so these devices are it's kind of like my preferred way of measuring ketosis okay amazing well i want to talk a bit about ketogenic diets for longevity and you already mentioned that you see some of the benefits say that mimic fasting or even enter inhibition that you mentioned um one question there is that do you see these benefits even without being calorically restricted is it something about the ketone bodies itself that's perhaps causing um say inhibition of mtar and other benefits that you see for for epilepsy and for seizures and nerve protection and cancer and things like yes so it's a it took me a while to really believe that though you know because my entrance into this the ketogenic diet was actually following the caloric restriction data mark madsen's work comes to mind uh you know i was researching fasting calorie restriction and then i got turned on to the ketogenic diet and i was like well all these benefits are probably coming through caloric restriction and some of them undoubtedly are especially you know weight loss uh it has to be i think atkins used to promote weight loss without having to count calories it's all the magic of the diet does it but no you are inadvertently whether you're trying to do it or not you're inadvertently producing it a calorie deficit when you follow ketogenic diet because probably because it's pretty it's hyper satiating and hypo palatable right so the protein and the fat tend to have a satiating effect on our brains and then it's not the hedonic response that we get from fat and sugar together causes us to eat more so we tend to get surplus semantic calories and that's virtually abolished with the ketogenic diet so but for epilepsy the ketogenic diet works better if it's calorie restricted but does not need to be calorie restricted so with kids actually you can bump up the calories on a kitchen diet to get them to gain weight and you still have pretty good seizure control for that but uh in some kids though you get less seizure control if you are if the calories get too high so and and then also if you get surplus amount of calories with such a high fat diet triglycerides go up and you don't you don't want that so so generally you you just titrate the the calories to meet the calorie needs and just try to prevent growth restriction with kids but with adults you know you can get calories you can get seizure control without with a eu caloric diet you know without without weight loss now with cancer my colleague dr thomas seyfried was very adamant that the ketogenic diet need to be calorie restricted to to really suppress igf-1 mtor you know activate ant kinase and really drive down the insulin induced you know signaling uh glycolysis we started doing some research and calorie restriction is kind of difficult with mice because you have to individually house them and then you give them the little five to six grams of food and then they eat it within an hour and then they fast for 23 hours and they eat it and then even so it becomes more like cow you know it becomes more like time restricted feeding so we just gave the ketogenic diet unrestricted and i developed a ketogenic diet you know that was a little bit more favorable it was had like flaxseed oil mct oil and some other you know a high percentage of mct to get them into ketosis because it's kind of hard to get mice into and then we administered we gave this unrestricted ad libitum and then we implanted you know very highly aggressive metastatic cancer cells and uh we did a pilot study and then after like three weeks pretty much all the mice on a standard diet had like rapidly growing tumors and they died of tumor burden and pretty much all except for one of the ketogenic diet mice were still alive so i was like wow there's something to this and we're not restricting the calories at all and they were eating both groups weighting the same calories well good question uh the the ketogenic diet group were was a little bit lower body weight so so then we did you know this was the pilot and then i had a graduate student at the time now dr angela paul she was like i want to make this my dissertation uh so we you know we got more animals and then we divided the groups and we gave ad-libitum standard rodent chow and alphabetum ketogenic diet we call it the kd2 because it was like a modified uh it was higher in protein actually like 20 protein instead of 10 and uh so that that was that was a big change in the ketogenic diet during the time because 20 is kind of kind of high when we're talking about kitchen not not high for the standard american diet but kind of high for a ketogenic diet but we saw a significant increase in um uh longevity of these mice that had cancer and uh and then we coupled it with hyperbaric oxygen therapy which like is another thing and then they let you know lasted longer and we published a few papers on this but at first the reviewers wanted us and did for good reason they said well we think you're seeing a caloric restriction effect so what we did is we took the standard diet and calorically restricted it to decrease the body weight by 10 i think to match it so we had so the body weight reduction was matched perfectly and and we did with caloric restriction standard diet i think we saw like maybe a 15 decrease in the tumor burden but it wasn't like the 60 percent we saw with the ketogenic diet so this gave us more confidence that at least in this model system which was a pretty good model that had an anti-tumor effect and uh you know the problem with the ketogenic diet calorie restricted in cancer patients is cancer cachexia and weight loss and that was kind of a big issue that we wanted to get around so it does appear that in animal model systems and in human patients that they can get enough calories with a ketogenic diet and you're still getting a tumor suppressing effect um i would say it's taking you know they keep there's no cure for for cancer but it does take the foot off the gas pedal i kind of put it in those terms of cancer growth by suppressing the hormone insulin and then igf-1 and mtor goes down and in in the context of some therapies the standard of care therapies like chemotherapy radiation immune based therapies and maybe even metabolic-based drugs like the pi3 kinase inhibitors which tend to have a counter regulatory effect of increasing insulin if you couple that with a ketogenic diet these drugs work better because it keeps insulin low and then you can you know inhibit that metabolic pathway and you get better effects and have you tried the experiment in healthy mice where you give one group a ketogenic diet without caloric restriction in another group just a regular diet both without caloric restriction and and if the ketogenic diet has any lifespan benefits yeah those studies take about two to three or four years you know uh we talked about doing this and i we have so many projects in the pipeline right now like we're always using mice like we had mice set aside for these longevity studies and like we'll let them live to a year and it'll be like a 40 year old starting to hit it and then we'll see how long but then we get into these other things where we need we need mice to test a particular compound or we need to you know do this or that so what i would like to do is is get a grant to study that and where we have like metformin rapamycin ketogenic diet you know at different types of ketogenic diets like maybe a lower protein ketogenic diet would be interesting to study versus a higher protein ketogenic diet so these are all studies like we really wanted to do and then also the question is can we put mice on these diets and then give them a an agent that would stimulate cancer like various chemicals in the environment or we can expose them their mice that have no hair and you can do like uv radiation they could induce can induce like skin cancer and things like that can we suppress the formation of spontaneous tumors with a a sustained dietary intervention and this is really important question but the federal government you know doesn't fund these things and we need to we need to start doing research because cancer prevention is like you know really key in knocking down cancer rates and if we could develop cancer prevention protocols like if you have if you live in a family where like 80 of people are dying of cancer and they get it you know by the age of 60 or 70 and we know if you could start implementing these things early on in life like in your 30s 40s and 50s then you could really increase your odds at getting cancer or delaying the onset of yeah i would i would love to see that study done i mean if we can have something like a dietary intervention that could be so useful for so many people like you said yeah we're working with different foundations and i think that are have an interest in this you know through a university system it's a little bit difficult you know i am as a professor you're really encouraged to get large federal grants that pay full indirects and overhead things like that but i mean we're we're in touch with groups of people that are interested in funding this and i'm i'm trying to like maybe fundraise to start a pilot study where we can get some encouraging data that might be the basis to do a larger study uh just to look at these things some of this work has been done but not in the methodical way that we want to do it where you have you have mice that have spontaneous tumors and then you have you know we want to make it as relevant as to the real world scenario as we can and actually develop a diet that's like a standard american diet where we actually go to the grocery store like get foods off the shelf and formulate something with a macronutrient ratio maybe that have some of these oxidized seed oils in it and high fructose corn syrup and things like that would be very interesting to see because the standard rodent chow is what we compare things against and that's a pretty healthy diet relatively speaking that would be like a a healthy version of like an american so and that's what we're comparing it to so we think that our data would be more robust if we uh and it may point to the harm that that a standard american diet and different types of foods are having absolutely yeah so one thing you mentioned a couple of times was the insulin signaling pathway um and i believe that might also be one of the mechanisms by which say ketogenic diets could have longevity benefits where just activates that pathway less um i was talking to dr richard miller on my previous podcast who runs the interventions testing program for testing different longevity supplements and he actually uh spoke about ecarbos which is a drug that's given to diabetic people and what it does is that it blunts the peak level of glucose so it's not about just like your moderate levels it's like the peak level of glucose gets blunted um and that actually has quite good lifespan benefits when you combine that with rapamycin in my seesaw the highest lifespan benefits in fact it was for male mice it was 29 um so i'm curious maybe that got me thinking maybe there's some connection here with you know just blunting the glucose levels and ketogenic diets in some ways do the same thing which could be having longevity benefits and activating the insulin signaling pathway or something activating less that's very interesting i would like to know if the effects the life span inducing effects were independent of weight so uh when you look at the data it all kind of comes down for many you know to caloric restriction and weight uh not everything i mean like i said the ketogenic diet eucalypt has amazing nerve protective anti-seizure benefits but i would like to and i think with the rapamycin data i need to dig into that data i've been wanting and the a carbos that you mentioned to see if these effects are independent i think people know to look at that but uh it's a very in doing this work i realize it's very very important to look at the caloric restriction effect because you know there's a lot of studies like on egcg i got very into like turmeric and egcg and all these things which do have benefits but a lot of the benefits was you know when you mix up some of these things in the food it becomes less palatable and the animals just eat less so they tend to they tend to lose a little bit of weight and then you get a robust effect from so uh but i'm very interested in looking at that so i'll look at his work and dig into that and trying to remember the question that you had leading up to this was it i was asking you about uh the insulin signaling pathway and ketogenic diets oh okay yeah insulin so that's how we actually make ketones through suppressing if you're on a ketogenic diet and you're in a state of and or if you're fasting for a week and you're in a state of ketosis and someone injects insulin in you it actually rapidly shuts off ketogenesis so that that's a counter-regulatory effect actually when we're in a state of ketosis with a diet we eliminate some ketones through ketone urea and then as ketone levels get elevated they tend to cause a little bit of a release of insulin and then that sort of turns down not off like kind of like a rheostat it kind of turns down hepatic beta oxidation of fatty acids which then decreases ketogenesis so the mechanism of the ketogenic diet is a big part of it is suppressing insulin igf-1 mtor and then by virtue of insulin glycolysis so glycolysis you know hexakinase and other enzymes are kind of uh you know regulated by insulin so glycolysis tends to go down and then you have a decrease in atp and atp activated potassium channels which can change the neuropharmacology of the brain there's people who study that who are convinced that it's glycolysis inhibition there's actually a drug called 2d oxyglucose which is like considered a ketogenic diet in a drug in a pill and then that's been used for epilepsy uh as as a drug that mimics the ketogenic diet simply by restricting glycolysis so and that's through the insulin in inhibition of insulin pathway um so that that's the fact that two deoxy glucose works and has anti-seizure effect is kind of a good support that the ketogenic diet is working through suppressing insulin signaling yeah that's very fascinating i i hope there are more studies on that but also your point on you know a lot of these studies it might come down to caloric restriction that's a that's a really good point because i'm sure um i'm not sure if you've looked into the rap mice and data if any of the studies actually end up doing that whether maybe some of the effects are due to caloric restriction as well because i believe that's the case was fasting too where people sometimes you know when people say fasting has beneficial effects sometimes it really just comes down to caloric restriction uh and i'm i'm sure maybe fasting has benefits independent of that but uh as far as i know i don't think we have good data on that yeah it's a good question i just interviewed dr uh sachin panda and we had this discussion so uh we're hosting a conference the metabolic health summit you know don't mean to plug it but but he is he's a speaker and we have dr john rowe and rhonda patrick is also the keynote speaker at this event uh so we've had these discussions with with all of them actually the effect of calorie restriction and time restricted feeding so are the benefits of calories are the benefits of time restricted feeding i.e intermittent fasting completely independent of calorie restriction i would say absolutely no you get a lot of benefits when you're eating within a compressed window you inadvertently eat less calories at least most people do and if you couple time-restricted feeding with a lower carbohydrate diet or ketogenic diet then it tends to i think magnify the effects but you know he made some good points when i was asking him this question um there are many benefits that you get with circade like synchronizing your circadian rhythm by eating within a certain time window and uh and many many other benefits independent of calorie restriction that occur with that but i really think that the main benefit of intermittent fasting time restricted feeding is that it becomes a tool for us to reduce our calories to create a calorie deficit is probably the main the main benefit of eating that way yeah no absolutely i'm sure there might be other benefits too and we'll find out more yeah there undoubtedly are but i think it's like you know people a lot of people argue uh calories in calories out or is you know it's sort of that i'm in the camp that calories matter 80 percent but that 20 percent that's independent of calories that's very important too and i think we need to understand that and then i think we need to acknowledge and appreciate that many of these types of diets whether it be a vegetarian diet vegan diet a ketogenic diet or time restricted feeding have remarkable effects at you know reducing reducing and helping to promote calorie restriction it's easy to lose weight generally speaking but sustaining that calorie deficit becomes the problem you know and if you are the type of person who's going to do intermittent fasting then that that can work for the type of person that can restrict carbohydrates then that becomes a sustainable way for you to moderate your calories and this is important to know that's why not everybody there's different methods for different people and i think you have to screen people in our clinical trial we have to do a lot of heavy screening before we get people into the clinical trial to understand their food preferences their lifestyle and things and on the point of calories and composition of food this reminds me of your conversation with uh elaine norton on joe rogan's podcast and i think he was trying to make the point that you know if someone's into bodybuilding and working out a lot uh if they have say one or two pop-tarts it's still fine whereas i think you made the point that a it could be fine but what's necessarily good for bodybuilding isn't necessarily good for health and longevity purposes and i i do think i mean i i i agree with you here more that sure like you can reduce calories probably still eating perpets but what are the benefit like what what are the detrimental effects of that spike in sugar or glucose that you're getting there yeah i mean he brings up a good argument not you know he tends to uh let the people who are most interested in ketogenic diets tend to be a fitness community who do not need to follow a ketogenic diet and so they're kind of like interested more or less in body composition alterations and staying lean and fit and looking a certain way from an aesthetic point of view and there is something to to the idea that body composition is a huge factor in longevity so and i just had this conversation with some i mean you can look at all the different biomarkers but simply taking a picture of yourself you know before a diet and during a diet i can look at pictures of someone sort of that's a heavy person before a diet and see like a time dependent pictures over like 12 weeks and i could predict like the changes that you'll see in their triglycerides or high sensitivity c-reactive protein their insulin and things like that just by looking at pictures you know so so i think i think there's something to this effect it's like you know don't worry about you know losing fat don't worry about what you weigh just pay attention to eating good but but i think it is important to i'm of the opinion that you want to maximize the amount of muscle you have and strength and if you can lose weight and maintain your strength that's really the key because strength and muscle muscle is so important muscle is an endocrine organ that releases myokines and hormones that have longevity effects and it's part of our independence as we age you know age-related sarcopenia and the more muscle and strength we have will correlate to higher bone density so there's so and you have the time to build muscle is now especially for women it's probably more important for women to do strength training now to build that bone density because you want to develop metabolic currency in the form of as much skeletal muscle and bone density as you can build now because that's going to pay big dividends as we age later on so i'm a huge fan i wish i did more research on like weight training and things like that but i want to add that to it's hard to get you know mice to do dead lifts and squats but simply you don't have to do that like simply running on a treadmill and stuff just exercising getting your body moving can have big translatable effects yeah i'm a huge proponent for weight training too but when you say especially for women uh is it that women lose muscle mass faster or i i guess it's harder for women to gain muscle mass i believe but is it are they losing it faster too uh good question i think males and females lose muscle at around the same weight are around the same kind of time scale with males they have a sharp dip in their testosterone like in their 40s and then that the lowering of testosterone can lead to like a more rapid muscle loss and with women i have to i haven't really delved into that literature that much but it but i do know generally speaking you know it's it's super important for both males and females but i i think of bone density because in men you don't really hear too much about you know osteopenia and you know and bone loss but in females you do and and you know we're and females are told to just hey take a calcium supplement and then i'll you know build your bones but no it's it's actually the it's actually putting stress on the bone doing weight-bearing exercises and the bigger muscles the larger muscles we have that actually puts tension on the bone as we lift things so bigger muscles correlate not all the time but most of the time to higher bone density so doing weight-bearing exercises and ensuring you know your vitamin d levels are sufficient and you're getting sufficient calcium and the soil is pretty depleted in calcium so just i saw a whole lecture on this how we should be taking calcium supplements and uh i actually i take a beta-hydroxybutyrate supplement that's kind of you know bound with calcium so it's like oh after looking at that but uh we live on a farm and i've been meaning to test the soil to see the calcium levels on that but i think if you know you get your nutrition on and you supplement and you're lifting weights you're building the bone density that's pretty much all we can do there's a lot of drugs that are being studied to increase bone density too but these will probably have side effects nasa is looking at this because in zero gravity you know astronauts lose a lot of bone density and that's a big project within nasa actually to test these drugs and then you know i think they have translation to humans too i think eventually a lot of women will be put onto drugs to increase bone density but i think they could make out much better just lifting weights [Laughter] i agree i i feel like sometimes a lot of the answers come down to just exercise more and left which is funny hey everyone if you enjoyed today's episode then help me out and share it with a friend or two if you want to stay tuned for upcoming podcast episodes and find all the previous ones sign up on my website lastly you can also find me on twitter where my handle is at live longer world that's it for now stay in good health and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @invinciblesummer4114 [6 likes]: This is one of the most under-subscribed channels on Youtube. Amazing channel, please keep up the amazing work!
  2. @Pirate_Clippy [1 likes]: There was a woman that died on a vegan diet because of protein deficiency and her story went viral. I thought the people laughing at her were just as gross as this Dominic guy.  

I don't trust someone that chuckles and rolls his eyes at people dying on a diet he disagrees with. Eye roll exactly here 4:29
  3. @Pirate_Clippy [1 likes]: This guy is too condescending and contemptuous to people that died on The Protein-Sparing Modified Fast (PSMF) diet at 4:11 HE EVEN ROLLED HIS EYES like, 'they died too something soo stupid'

I don't like carnivore but don't be self important about it, especially to dead people. Don't be like the stereotype of the hated vegan.
  4. @arireisner [1 likes]: Great interview and information! Hopefully Dr. D'Agostino will get funding for further research into utilizing a modified keto diet as part of a cancer prevention lifestyle implemented from younger adult ages.
  5. @elec3calengr: What are the benefits of keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀 to memory and learning for students👩‍🎓

- Dr. Dominic D'Agostino on Developing a Well-Designed Ketogenic Diet and Harnessing Its Benefits: Kind: captions Language: en [Dr. D'Agostino]: But I think where ketones&nbsp; shine is using exogenous ketones as a means to&nbsp;&nbsp; preserve performance resilience in extreme&nbsp; environments. There are so many different&nbsp;&nbsp; factors that need to come into play. When&nbsp; you're choosing to do a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; including monitoring people really need&nbsp; to track nutrients, track calories. Some people put, you know, they eat a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, but they put the same amount of food on the&nbsp;&nbsp; plate. And the caloric density of the ketogenic&nbsp; diet is like 50% higher. So you can't eat.&nbsp;&nbsp; So typically, you know, we have auto feedback&nbsp; mechanisms that will tell us when we're satiated&nbsp;&nbsp; full, but for some people they don't work well. So they do need to count calories&nbsp; and macronutrients and track&nbsp;&nbsp; at least initially. So they have some&nbsp; idea of how many calories we're eating. [Dr. Patrick]: Hey, everyone. I'm&nbsp; sitting here with Dr. Dom D'Agostino,&nbsp;&nbsp; who is an associate professor at&nbsp; the University of South Florida.&nbsp;&nbsp; He's also a research scientist at the&nbsp; Institute for Human and Machine Cognition.&nbsp;&nbsp; His research lab focuses on metabolic&nbsp; therapies, including ketogenic diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements among others. I'm super excited&nbsp; to have you back on the podcast, Dom. It's been&nbsp;&nbsp; six and a half years or so, it's been quite&nbsp; some time since we had a conversation. And&nbsp;&nbsp; since then, keto, as it's called, for sure, in&nbsp; the popular world, has really...it's exploded&nbsp;&nbsp; in popularity. I feel like with that explosion&nbsp; in popularity, it's lost a little bit of...it's&nbsp;&nbsp; become a little bit more of a brand in the popular&nbsp; mind and less of a distinct metabolic state. And so I'm excited to have you here&nbsp; to talk about the science...to give&nbsp;&nbsp; us a refresher about the science of&nbsp; ketogenesis, ketosis, ketogenic diets,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements, and all those things. And&nbsp; as someone that has been researching it over&nbsp;&nbsp; the years who's been practicing ketogenic&nbsp; diets personally for also many years,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe we can kind of just start with&nbsp; a refresher, what ketogenesis is. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think that gets lost&nbsp; in, you know, all the noise because it has been&nbsp;&nbsp; commoditized, so to speak, and commercialized&nbsp; in ways that are not always very good. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet is unique from a dietary therapy&nbsp; point of view in that it's the only diet that we&nbsp;&nbsp; know of that is defined by an objective biomarker.&nbsp; So, that's ketones, and you measure that in your&nbsp;&nbsp; blood, in your urine, and also in your breath,&nbsp; right? So there's different ways to do that. If you are not in a state of hyperketonemia,&nbsp; elevated ketones, you're technically not on a&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet. And what most people don't&nbsp; really appreciate is that to really get&nbsp;&nbsp; higher levels of ketones that are therapeutically&nbsp; linked to what it's used to treat, which is like&nbsp;&nbsp; neurological disorder, seizures, and&nbsp; things like that, you really have to&nbsp;&nbsp; increase the fat...drop the carbohydrates&nbsp; especially but moderate the protein and&nbsp;&nbsp; really consume a really high-fat diet. And that's&nbsp; not always sort of appreciated in the mainstream. And a clinical diet is probably not&nbsp; the best choice for a lot of people,&nbsp;&nbsp; a clinical ketogenic diet. But there are&nbsp; variations of the diet from a four to one, which&nbsp;&nbsp; is a classical ketogenic diet, which is 90% fat&nbsp; and one part protein and carbohydrates. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the way on the other end of the spectrum,&nbsp; there's the modified ketogenic diet or modified&nbsp;&nbsp; Atkins, or low glycemic index therapy or LGIT.&nbsp; And that's more of a one-to-one ketogenic diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's personally kind of what I follow, and&nbsp; I think you can construct the diet in a way&nbsp;&nbsp; that produces a mild state of ketosis. I&nbsp; think that could be a good lifestyle diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's far different than the classical&nbsp; ketogenic diet, which was used for pediatric&nbsp;&nbsp; epilepsy. But they both have, you know,&nbsp; therapeutic effects that we can delve into. [Dr. Patrick]: Can you give us an&nbsp; example of that type of diet and also&nbsp;&nbsp; what is defined as being in either mild ketosis&nbsp; to actually, you know, basically identify you as&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of ketosis from a ketogenic&nbsp; diet or even from other...we can talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; other ways. Obviously, we've had a lot of&nbsp; people in the podcast talking about fasting. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, a ketogenic diet&nbsp; produces ketosis by suppressing insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? And I think of it as almost like insulin&nbsp; suppression therapy. So, when you fast, you&nbsp;&nbsp; suppress the hormone insulin, you deplete liver&nbsp; glycogen, and then that accelerates beta-oxidation&nbsp;&nbsp; of fatty acids. And it's the oxidation of&nbsp; fatty acids in the liver or the over-oxidation&nbsp;&nbsp; of fatty acids that accelerates production&nbsp; of acetyl-CoA, and then that condenses to&nbsp;&nbsp; acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyrate. So that's&nbsp; accelerated at a maximal state with fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you can mimic that state of fasting with a&nbsp; classical ketogenic diet, which is like 90% to 80%&nbsp;&nbsp; fat with a level of carbohydrate&nbsp; that almost has no effect on insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; really. So in many ways, it mimics fasting&nbsp; in that you have a low insulin, low IGF-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit...suppression of the&nbsp; mTOR because protein is moderated too. And then that diet is used classically for&nbsp; epilepsy. That's the four to one ketogenic diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; In extreme cases, they use a five to one ketogenic&nbsp; diet. And then if you move down the spectrum, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 to 1, 2 to 1, and then modified Atkins, which is&nbsp; like a 1.5 to 1 ketogenic diet to a low glycemic&nbsp;&nbsp; index diet. So what that would mean as far as to&nbsp; give an example for me. So yesterday I counted my&nbsp;&nbsp; macros and I had 200 grams of protein, 150 grams&nbsp; of fat, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So, 200&nbsp;&nbsp; grams of protein compared to a combination of 150&nbsp; grams of fat and 50 grams or 150 grams of protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; sorry, and 50 grams of carbohydrates. So that&nbsp; would be a one-to-one. So I have 200 grams of fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; 150 grams of protein, and 50 grams of carbs,&nbsp; right? So it's 200 grams and 200 grams.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, that's how it's constructed in the&nbsp; world of epilepsy or dietary therapies by grams,&nbsp;&nbsp; not percentages. So, that's a one-to-one ketogenic&nbsp; diet, and that sounds extremely high in fat,&nbsp;&nbsp; right, 200 grams of fat and 150 grams of&nbsp; protein. But that's actually the very liberal,&nbsp;&nbsp; more loose version of the ketogenic&nbsp; diet that produces a very mild state of&nbsp;&nbsp; elevated ketones. Whereas a 4 to 1 ketogenic diet&nbsp; would be like 400 grams of fat to like, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; 90 grams of protein and 10 grams of carbohydrates,&nbsp; right? So that would be very high in fat. Interestingly, the research over the years have&nbsp; shown that they both have anti-seizure effects,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we're getting a better appreciation for&nbsp; a more liberal version of the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that is not so protein-restricted and not&nbsp; so extremely carbohydrate-restricted than&nbsp;&nbsp; something like a low glycemic index diet,&nbsp; which can produce little or no ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can still have an anti-seizure effect and still&nbsp; have benefits, even independent of high ketones.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's kind of interesting to me because&nbsp; it was always thought of that you needed to&nbsp;&nbsp; get really high ketones to achieve a therapeutic&nbsp; effect, but it looks like you could probably get&nbsp;&nbsp; many benefits from low ketones. But you're also&nbsp; suppressing insulin and suppressing a lot of other&nbsp;&nbsp; pathways that are, you know, therapeutic in&nbsp; some way, they're altering, I should say,&nbsp;&nbsp; different pathways. I don't know if I&nbsp; answered your question. I'm just trying to... There's variations of the ketogenic diet,&nbsp; and I think that over the last 10 years...I&nbsp;&nbsp; guess it's longer than that. I think in 2008, Dr.&nbsp; Eric Kossoff from Johns Hopkins, he worked with&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. John Freeman, the late John Freeman, and&nbsp; developed a modified Atkins diet or modified&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet for adult epilepsy. And then it was&nbsp; published that the diet can work for adults too&nbsp;&nbsp; back in 2007 or '08, I think around that time.&nbsp; So, we have many variations of the ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet even used clinically. And then when people&nbsp; talk about the ketogenic diet in the mainstream,&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be anything. I mean, typically, it&nbsp; means carbohydrate, you know, restriction, and it&nbsp;&nbsp; could be a carnivore diet. And we can talk about&nbsp; that. And there are many different variations. But clinically, what you have is a five to one,&nbsp; which is very extreme high fat, four to one,&nbsp;&nbsp; three to one, two to one, and then a modified&nbsp; ketogenic diet or low glycemic index diet.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all of them are therapeutic in one&nbsp; way or another, and they're used for a&nbsp;&nbsp; variety of different neurological disorders,&nbsp; seizure disorders, metabolic disorders. Some&nbsp;&nbsp; are more efficacious for others, it depends&nbsp; on the individual, it depends on compliance,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the family, there's a lot to be considered&nbsp; when it comes to implementing these approaches. [Dr. Patrick]: For a person who has not done&nbsp; the ketogenic diet before, what would be a&nbsp;&nbsp; good starting point? Like, you know, would you&nbsp; want to start with something that's one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; more like four or five to one? You know, because,&nbsp; from my own personal experience, and, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to be doing another ketogenic diet&nbsp; very soon, I just haven't gotten my biomarkers&nbsp;&nbsp; measured, it was very challenging for me, even&nbsp; someone that does a lot of intermittent fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; to get into ketosis and to really stay in it. And&nbsp; also what levels if someone's measuring. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; can talk about, you know, biomarkers and&nbsp; measuring things but like, you know, what would&nbsp;&nbsp; be considered a mild state of ketosis if you're&nbsp; wanting to go by ketone levels, for example. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So, very good question.&nbsp; It's very context-dependent. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are using the ketogenic diet to manage&nbsp; a metabolic or a metabolically linked disorder&nbsp;&nbsp; or a brain disorder like epilepsy, right, you&nbsp; probably want to start with a clinical ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet and be under the supervision of a registered&nbsp; dietitian and a neurological team. So this is&nbsp;&nbsp; what they use in epilepsy. And there used to be&nbsp; an induction phase where they would fast you,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that actually helps facilitate metabolic&nbsp; switching, which is the transition into ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; from being primarily a glucose oxidizer to&nbsp; a fat and ketone utilizer. So you can speed&nbsp;&nbsp; that with fasting. But then you have...most&nbsp; people are doing it as a lifestyle approach. So, in our clinical trial that we're&nbsp; doing using... In non-diabetic people,&nbsp;&nbsp; they tend to be a little bit on the heavier&nbsp; side, but they don't have type 2 diabetes,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're using it to optimize their metabolic&nbsp; parameters and glycemic variability. We transition&nbsp;&nbsp; them into a ketogenic diet over four to six&nbsp; weeks. So, we titrate the carbohydrates down.&nbsp;&nbsp; And what we have found or my colleague has found,&nbsp; Dr. Allison Hull, she's at the Florida Medical&nbsp;&nbsp; Clinic and has a wellness program, that compliance&nbsp; and adherence to the diet and ultimately the&nbsp;&nbsp; results are better. If you take someone who's&nbsp; eating 300 grams of carbohydrates a day, that's&nbsp;&nbsp; standard, you know, American diet, and you drop&nbsp; them down to, you know, 100, and then the 75, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then 50 at about the four to six-week point, and&nbsp; you get a very nice improvement in many different&nbsp;&nbsp; subjective and objective, you know, biomarkers,&nbsp; they feel better, signs of mood are increased,&nbsp;&nbsp; anxiety using the GAD-7 test, the&nbsp; PHQ-9, SSQ. Sleep actually improves. If you were to abruptly start the ketogenic diet,&nbsp; you're more likely to get side effects and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; more likely to get things like sleep disruption,&nbsp; lipid abnormalities, elevated triglycerides,&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a quick spike in LDL. This can occur if&nbsp; you rapidly start the ketogenic diet, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of not calorie restricting. When&nbsp; you calorie-restrict a ketogenic diet, it sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; mitigates many of the things that are negatively&nbsp; associated with high fat diets. So the transition&nbsp;&nbsp; is a lot easier if you calorie-restrict with a&nbsp; ketogenic diet. So that needs to be appreciated. For a lifestyle, I would recommend, if you're&nbsp; not on a carbohydrate-restricted diet, to ease&nbsp;&nbsp; into it and titrate it over time if you're&nbsp; not in a rush, right? So, for me personally,&nbsp;&nbsp; I follow what would be considered a very&nbsp; modified supplemented ketogenic diet that&nbsp;&nbsp; would be more along the lines of a low&nbsp; glycemic index diet. So I have about...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, 10% to some days 20% of my diet is&nbsp; actually carbohydrates but in the form of fibrous&nbsp;&nbsp; vegetables, right, essentially non-glycemic&nbsp; carbohydrates, so a lot of leafy greens.&nbsp;&nbsp; The carbohydrates that make up my ketogenic&nbsp; diet are on the...like typically have about one&nbsp;&nbsp; third to almost half of it is fiber and has very&nbsp; little impact or actually can improve glycemic&nbsp;&nbsp; variability or reduce it in that it&nbsp; moderates the digestion of protein and helps&nbsp;&nbsp; delay gastric absorption. So, the&nbsp; nutrients and things that I'm eating&nbsp;&nbsp; actually get into circulation in a protracted&nbsp; way. So the fiber helps to slow digestion. And so fat and fiber together are really important&nbsp; for the ketogenic diet, and that's not something&nbsp;&nbsp; classically that's accepted or considered. But as&nbsp; we learn more about ketogenic diets, we have an&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciation for the types of fats that are in the&nbsp; diet and actually incorporating fiber, not only to&nbsp;&nbsp; improve digestion and protein assimilation,&nbsp; but to enhance and preserve the gut microbiome,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is to be appreciated. So there was a&nbsp; lack of that understanding 20 or 30 years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it came into the conversation about 10 years&nbsp; ago. And now it's actually become a major focus&nbsp;&nbsp; of a lot of these dietary interventions, low&nbsp; carb and ketogenic diets. We need to appreciate&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber as a part of improving the diversity&nbsp; and maintaining the gut microbiome. [Dr. Patrick]: You've just answered&nbsp; one of the main questions I had about,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, being on a modified ketogenic diet&nbsp; and somehow intelligently designing a diet&nbsp;&nbsp; that include more fiber, you know, your thoughts&nbsp; on how fiber would be important. And it's really&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting to hear you say that because, you&nbsp; know, the other thing is that, you know, fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are making butyrate in the gut when you're&nbsp; or your bacteria is, you know, making it, the&nbsp;&nbsp; microbiome inside your gut. And that is fueling&nbsp; the colonocytes, right, giving them energy. When I was doing the ketogenic diet, I did&nbsp; find that...I ended up just naturally fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; more because it is so difficult. Like things I&nbsp; could eat, it was like, "Well, I can't eat..."&nbsp;&nbsp; I would snack on some macadamias. And after a&nbsp; certain point, it was like, "Well, this is like&nbsp;&nbsp; too much, the ratios of the protein in the..."&nbsp; So I'd have to like not eat, and then, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I found that I was basically just doing a lot of&nbsp; dietary restriction alongside the ketogenic diet. But I also found that when I would add, like,&nbsp; dark leafy greens, the portions really made&nbsp;&nbsp; a difference for me. Like, for example, cooked&nbsp; spinach, like, you don't think about it but, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're cooking it, it's like a&nbsp; lot more spinach than you would think&nbsp;&nbsp; it is. And so, like, a little serving of&nbsp; it looks small, but it's actually quite&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit. And so I noticed the cooks...if&nbsp; I had like a portion of cooked spinach,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, it wouldn't totally take me out of&nbsp; ketosis, but it wasn't getting me into that&nbsp;&nbsp; higher level. So, you know, I would go from&nbsp; like 3 millimolar down to, you know, 1. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you were cooking your&nbsp; spinach. Yeah. If you take raw leafy greens,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the cell walls intact, but&nbsp; when you cook green vegetables,&nbsp;&nbsp; the heat ruptures the cell wall. So you make&nbsp; the carbohydrates a little more accessible,&nbsp;&nbsp; even if it's green leafy vegetables. So that's&nbsp; going to impact... Believe it or not, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of a ketogenic diet, it&nbsp; makes a difference. If you have greens&nbsp;&nbsp; that are raw, the glycemic impact is essentially&nbsp; nothing, but if you cook your greens,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, it does make it proportionately much&nbsp; smaller, so you're more likely to eat more,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it also makes the carbohydrates accessible&nbsp; because the heat is rupturing the cell wall. So&nbsp;&nbsp; similar to like juicing or a smoothie or something&nbsp; like that, right? Although with the smoothie, you&nbsp;&nbsp; got the fiber and stuff in with it too. So, that's&nbsp; a big consideration that people need to consider. [Dr. Patrick]: Greater. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. But volume. But&nbsp; with a salad like a salad that would...an&nbsp;&nbsp; example of a salad on a modified ketogenic&nbsp; diet or modified Atkins diet would be,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, fatty fish like salmon, leafy&nbsp; greens like arugula, maybe some spinach and&nbsp;&nbsp; romaine lettuce and stuff, and extra virgin&nbsp; olive oil, lots of that. And I tend to mix it&nbsp;&nbsp; with MCT oil, so a combination of extra virgin&nbsp; MCT, we can get into that, as a ketogenic fat. Nuts are great, but I don't go too&nbsp; crazy with nuts but a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; walnuts. So you have fatty fish, a little bit&nbsp; of leafy greens, and a very fatty ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; dressing that's made, you know, with MCT&nbsp; and olive oil and herbs and things like that&nbsp;&nbsp; would fit in well with a ketogenic diet. So&nbsp; you get monounsaturated fats, right, and you're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting polyunsaturated fats and MCTs, which are&nbsp; saturated but go to a different...they do not&nbsp;&nbsp; disrupt the gut microbiome in ways that other&nbsp; types of fatty acids do. And that's the kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; nutrition that would be no effect on a continuous&nbsp; glucose monitor. So your glycemic response would&nbsp;&nbsp; be like nothing, and your ketones would likely&nbsp; go up because of the macronutrient ratio but also&nbsp;&nbsp; because of the MCTs that are in it too. So that's&nbsp; a very normal kind of typical diet that I eat. [Dr. Patrick]: So most of your&nbsp; greens or most of your carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; are eaten raw for the most part.&nbsp; You generally not cook them. [Dr. D'Agostino]: We do broccoli a lot and&nbsp; asparagus, so I lightly steam it or cook it,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don't make it to the point where it's&nbsp; like mushy. So I lightly steam vegetables like&nbsp;&nbsp; cauliflower, broccoli, asparagus. I always have a&nbsp; salad with my meal. With a ketogenic diet... When&nbsp;&nbsp; you wear a continuous glucose monitor, you can&nbsp; observe that the order in which you eat your food&nbsp;&nbsp; will impact the glycemic response. And if&nbsp; you're attenuating the glycemic response&nbsp;&nbsp; by eating foods in a certain order, a certain&nbsp; combination, that's also reducing the insulin.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, you need to continually have a suppression of&nbsp; insulin signaling to maintain a state of ketosis. So, if you're in a state of fasting ketosis or&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet, and you inject a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of insulin, you'll see your ketones go down,&nbsp; there'll be a delayed response. That's because&nbsp;&nbsp; the reduction in insulin plays a&nbsp; big role. When you increase insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; it dramatically increases glycolysis,&nbsp; you know, translocation of the&nbsp;&nbsp; GLUT transporters to the membrane and&nbsp; things like that. So, you could do that. Exogenous ketones can actually increase&nbsp; insulin if it's too much, and we can talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about the different variations of that and why&nbsp; that could be problematic in some conditions.&nbsp;&nbsp; But, you know, taking a big hit of protein&nbsp; like drinking whey protein will kick you&nbsp;&nbsp; out of ketosis because you're going to get the&nbsp; insulin response from the essential amino acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; and branched-chain amino acids too can increase&nbsp; that. So it's really important to incorporate&nbsp;&nbsp; fat and fiber with the meal especially up front,&nbsp; yeah, to attenuate any kind of insulin response. [Dr. Patrick]: Right. That's an&nbsp; interesting [crosstalk 00:20:33]. [Dr. D'Agostino]: And you learn these things&nbsp; as you go. There's a learning curve to the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet. I went right into the classical&nbsp; ketogenic diet. I bought the book, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; "The Ketogenic Diet for Pediatric Epilepsy" and&nbsp; now it's "The Ketogenic Diet for Epilepsy and&nbsp;&nbsp; Other Neurological Disorders," same author,&nbsp; Dr. Eric Kossoff, Dr. Mackenzie Cervenka&nbsp;&nbsp; from Johns Hopkins, and the team there. They&nbsp; advocate for a variety of different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets and then adjusting it to the&nbsp; patient and their circumstances too is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be important in the world of epilepsy. So, it&nbsp; remains the only widely accepted application of&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet at this time is really epilepsy&nbsp; and metabolic disorders like glucose transporter&nbsp;&nbsp; type 1 deficiency syndrome, PDH deficiency,&nbsp; and things like that. And interestingly,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are inborn errors of metabolism that are&nbsp; contraindicated with a ketogenic diet like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, carnitine transferase activity, CPT1,&nbsp; you know, whether it be primary or secondary&nbsp;&nbsp; too. So it could be deadly. A ketogenic diet&nbsp; could potentially kill you if you have carnitine,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, transferase deficiency. So that's&nbsp; a whole another topic we could discuss. [Dr. Patrick]: You bring up an interesting&nbsp; point with the contraindications because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm interested in a few of those aspects, so&nbsp; for one, perhaps other genetic variants that&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe aren't as rare. So, for example,&nbsp; you know, APOE4 allele, which, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a quarter of the population has one of those&nbsp; alleles. Like how is it known how people with that&nbsp;&nbsp; polymorphism respond to ketogenic&nbsp; diets? And also you mentioned, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; briefly about people that sort of race into&nbsp; the ketogenic diet without any sort of slowly&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrate restriction and how it can elevate&nbsp; some biomarkers like triglycerides, for example.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'd love to talk about like what biomarkers do you&nbsp; think are good to monitor and to see if someone is&nbsp;&nbsp; favorably or unfavorably responding to a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, and at what point would you...? Like how&nbsp;&nbsp; many times would you do it before you sort of give&nbsp; up and sort of modify the diet or change maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; types of fat? You mentioned the types&nbsp; of fat or, you know, things like that. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think it's important. A&nbsp; lot of people jump into the ketogenic diet. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, just from a standard diet...&nbsp; It's important to test the water.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're not using it for epilepsy or another&nbsp; disorder, you want to titrate the carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; down and track and monitor along the way.&nbsp; You maybe do like cut your carbs in half&nbsp;&nbsp; or by two-thirds or whatever, and then at the&nbsp; four or six-week mark, get blood work again&nbsp;&nbsp; and look at your glucose response, check&nbsp; for hypoglycemia, things like that. So APOE4, you know, that's about one&nbsp; quarter, right, of the population.&nbsp;&nbsp; I get this question a lot, and I don't think it's&nbsp; ideal. Even the books on ketogenic diets say that&nbsp;&nbsp; it's an unnatural diet and it's not healthy and&nbsp; it's not sustainable. So these are from the people&nbsp;&nbsp; who researched the ketogenic diet who published&nbsp; the most on the ketogenic diet who are in the&nbsp;&nbsp; trenches using this diet as a medical therapy&nbsp; for like known conditions that are responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet. So with that said, you know,&nbsp; dietary teams that manage patients for up to 10&nbsp;&nbsp; years, 20, and even I had some correspondence&nbsp; with the team that are measuring people and&nbsp;&nbsp; cardiovascular parameters too, their heart health&nbsp; for 30 years. So, in patients, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; with inborn errors of metabolism that need to&nbsp; be on, like, a classical type ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; for like three decades, and they're still&nbsp; doing...all their blood work looks great.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I think that's a good example that the diet&nbsp; is not going to kill you. It would have done&nbsp;&nbsp; that a long time ago in these patients that are on&nbsp; like a four to one or three to one ketogenic diet. But I think it's important&nbsp; to... In the context of APOE4,&nbsp;&nbsp; extremely high fat is probably not ideal. So you&nbsp; want to take probably a more moderate approach&nbsp;&nbsp; and just restrict carbohydrates. I think&nbsp; it's really important to get lots of fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of phytonutrients. We know the data on&nbsp; fiber is just really, really good. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; no arguing. And people argue against fiber, but I&nbsp; think the data for fiber is really good, not just&nbsp;&nbsp; for the microbiome, for the phytonutrients, the&nbsp; micronutrients. As, you know, there's been a lack&nbsp;&nbsp; of appreciation for micronutrients and ketogenic&nbsp; diets, and that has caused problems like selenium&nbsp;&nbsp; deficiency, which led to cardiomyopathy,&nbsp; and there's case reports where people&nbsp;&nbsp; have literally...I think one or two where people&nbsp; have literally died from cardiomyopathy because&nbsp;&nbsp; of selenium deficiency associated with the&nbsp; ketogenic diet. So you want to make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you supplement appropriately, but you don't&nbsp; have to supplement if you formulate the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet appropriately with the right&nbsp; types of foods, but it's not always possible. But for APOE...and getting back to your APOE. So a&nbsp; diet that's moderate in fat, moderate in protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think of carbohydrates&nbsp; as fiber, so plant-based fiber,&nbsp;&nbsp; moderate protein, and then fats.&nbsp; The types of fats are important. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; monounsaturated fatty acids as opposed&nbsp; to a long chain like saturated fats.&nbsp;&nbsp; Medium-chain triglycerides are probably&nbsp; helpful. There is a study that was done&nbsp;&nbsp; using a product that is caprylic triglyceride,&nbsp; which is MCT. At the time it was called AC-1202&nbsp;&nbsp; by Accera. It was a product that was designed&nbsp; for Alzheimer's disease as an alternative&nbsp;&nbsp; energy substrate that would be given. And the&nbsp; results of the study showed that improvements in&nbsp;&nbsp; mild cognitive impairment were associated with&nbsp; ketones. So there was a correlation with that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they did not see the correlation people&nbsp; with APOE4, which was kind of interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I think a larger study probably&nbsp; would have shown like a difference. But I think the take-home message is that a diet&nbsp; that's very...like super-restrictive and high in&nbsp;&nbsp; fat is probably not ideal for APOE4 patients, and&nbsp; adding ketones in the form of exogenous ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; could probably be ideal. There was a case&nbsp; report on a patient that I am familiar with&nbsp;&nbsp; that...I'm familiar with the wife of the patient&nbsp; that had passed away, but he was maintained&nbsp;&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet and then later on ketone&nbsp; esters and exogenous ketones and was...did&nbsp;&nbsp; quite well in this diet for a long time.&nbsp; And it wasn't a restrictive ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he did much better with ketone supplementation&nbsp; as it means to improve his cognition and different&nbsp;&nbsp; behavioral parameters too. So I think that&nbsp; would probably be the better way to go. I'm very cautious in speculating and giving&nbsp; medical advice. I'm not a medical doctor.&nbsp;&nbsp; I am a professor and I'm professing that I think&nbsp; that a more moderate style Mediterranean-like&nbsp;&nbsp; low-carb/ketogenic diet with supplementation&nbsp; in the form of things like omega-3 fatty acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; MCT oils. The fatty acids comprising the diet&nbsp; should be more along the lines of monounsaturated&nbsp;&nbsp; fats and not so much heavy saturated fats,&nbsp; which in the context of APOE4 is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; not a good thing to chronically maintain a&nbsp; state of ketosis with superhigh saturated fat. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. So maybe more avocados, more&nbsp; of the nuts, and olive oil, salmon, which is a&nbsp;&nbsp; good type of polyunsaturated fatty acid. I mean,&nbsp; that's the kind of diet that I was doing and will&nbsp;&nbsp; try again. And we'll talk a little bit&nbsp; more about why I'm so interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets. I don't have epilepsy,&nbsp; and I'm certainly not someone that eats a&nbsp;&nbsp; standard American diet either. There are so many&nbsp; interesting effects being in a state of ketosis&nbsp;&nbsp; and having the ketone bodies elevated,&nbsp; and that to me are very interesting and,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I think possibly beneficial&nbsp; for healthspan, for cognition, and so... With the supplemented ketones that you keep&nbsp; mentioning like with respect to, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; having a diet you follow, which is more of&nbsp; the low glycemic index, one to one ratio,&nbsp;&nbsp; with supplemented ketones, it's another really&nbsp; big area that's exploded over the past few years.&nbsp;&nbsp; Can you talk a little bit about, for&nbsp; people that aren't familiar, like&nbsp;&nbsp; supplemental ketones? There's different types of&nbsp; supplemental ketones. You mentioned ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; salts, and then even MCT oils or powders. So,&nbsp; maybe we can kind of jump into that a little bit. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think the question&nbsp; is, like, why would you even want to&nbsp;&nbsp; short circuit the state...? You know, why would&nbsp; you want to circumvent the dietary intervention&nbsp;&nbsp; that produces ketosis, i.e., the ketogenic diet?&nbsp; Why would you want to circumvent that? I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; the reasons are kind of obvious, and just throw&nbsp; ketones into the mix. Like what's going to&nbsp;&nbsp; happen physiologically? There are people who are&nbsp; unwilling or unable to do the ketogenic diet. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that was the motivation behind developing and&nbsp; testing and ultimately publishing a number of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, articles and studies on exogenous&nbsp; ketones. And there are different formulations&nbsp;&nbsp; and not all types of exogenous ketones&nbsp; or formulations of combinations&nbsp;&nbsp; are applicable to different disorders, right? Some&nbsp; conditions are more responsive to ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; whereas some are more responsive to ketone salts&nbsp; or formulations of MCT and ketone salts, right? When I first got into this research in 2008 or&nbsp; '09, I believe, I contacted a number of people&nbsp;&nbsp; who remain to be icons in this field. So, Dr.&nbsp; Richard Veach, I like to always, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; acknowledge him as being a pioneer in developing&nbsp; the rationale and developing ketone esters, you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, and the rationale for using them and writing&nbsp; a number of reviews that actually motivated me&nbsp;&nbsp; to pursue this path. Dr. Henry Bruning Grabber&nbsp; [SP], George Cahill. Dr. Theodore VanItallie.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, they're all sort of friends and&nbsp; collaborators, and they published on this. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was really focused on the ketogenic diet. But&nbsp; when you're writing a grant, a federal grant,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you're trying to sell this approach as&nbsp; a means to, you know, reduce seizures or&nbsp;&nbsp; enhance warfighter performance, resilience,&nbsp; and things like that, the high-fat diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is still looked upon as something that is very&nbsp; negative. So, the question was, can you develop&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet in a pill? And essentially, that&nbsp; was sort of the path we took with ketone esters. So the ketogenic diet, it was my understanding&nbsp; that the body at the time that you need to have&nbsp;&nbsp; adaptations over time that would change&nbsp; your physiology that would change your&nbsp;&nbsp; brain neuropharmacology that would then have, you&nbsp; know, an anti-seizure effect, and that happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; By changing your systems physiology, you're&nbsp; changing your brain neuropharmacology and&nbsp;&nbsp; your brain metabolism. So your brain is switching&nbsp; from using glucose, and pretty much only glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; to using glucose and ketones. It never switches&nbsp; completely off of glucose and ketones. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the homeostatic mechanisms that maintain your&nbsp; blood glucose are very powerful, so your glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty much stays normal, but insulin&nbsp; goes down. So that's a thing that we see. The effects of the ketogenic diet are...and sorry,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a long-winded version, but I want&nbsp; to kind of provide a framework. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was educated on the role of ketones as a&nbsp; metabolite and also later as a signaling molecule&nbsp;&nbsp; as a drug-like mediator of the ketogenic diet.&nbsp; So, we produce these endogenous metabolites,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they not only serve as alternative energy&nbsp; for the brain and the heart and other tissues,&nbsp;&nbsp; but then they have signaling effects that mediate&nbsp; many of the beneficial effects associated with&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of therapeutic ketosis.&nbsp; So that's things like elevating adenosine,&nbsp;&nbsp; activating various ketone receptors, GPR109A&nbsp; receptor, for example, anti-inflammatory pathways. I was really interested in the oxidative&nbsp; stress associated with high-pressure oxygen.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we measured like superoxide anion production&nbsp; using ethidium molecule like the fluorescence and&nbsp;&nbsp; showed that mitochondrial ROS production goes down&nbsp; with a beta-hydroxybutyrate and ketone molecules.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there was all these things that were&nbsp; happening as a consequence of the hyperketonemia.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, undoubtedly, there's things that happen&nbsp; with the ketogenic diet that are therapeutic&nbsp;&nbsp; and very beneficial that don't happen with&nbsp; exogenous ketones but there's a lot of overlap. And then later, as we develop ketone&nbsp; esters and ketone salts and used MCTs,&nbsp;&nbsp; we saw that if we administer these things&nbsp; to animals that are not on a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; we saw remarkable anti-seizure effects,&nbsp; anti-cancer effects, we saw changing&nbsp;&nbsp; the brain neuropharmacology, meaning that the&nbsp; GABAergic tone went up. So, GABA is made from&nbsp;&nbsp; glutamate via an enzyme called glutamic acid&nbsp; decarboxylase. So we have glutamate as the most&nbsp;&nbsp; ubiquitous neurotransmitter in the system in our&nbsp; body. And that's an excitatory neurotransmitter&nbsp;&nbsp; that activates the AMPA receptors and NMDA&nbsp; receptors. And then glutamate via the conversion&nbsp;&nbsp; to GABA through glutamic acid decarboxylase is&nbsp; a brain stabilizing, calming neurotransmitter. And I've even measured my own neurotransmitters&nbsp; and showed that GABA is like twice as higher&nbsp;&nbsp; than what would be expected, my GABA to glutamate&nbsp; ratio, right? In animal models, we see this too.&nbsp;&nbsp; We did an animal model of Angelman&nbsp; syndrome, which is responsive&nbsp;&nbsp; to...we knew from case reports that the seizures&nbsp; could be silenced with the ketogenic diet. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; had an animal model of Angelman syndrome,&nbsp; and we administered ketone ester with a&nbsp;&nbsp; standard diet and saw an increase in GAD65&nbsp; and 67 and essentially an increase in GABA.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then that resulted in what we saw, increase&nbsp; in learning memory, we saw, you know, anti-anxiety&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. And the increasing GABAergic tone likely&nbsp; contributes to the anti-seizure effect of that. And many anti-seizure drugs like Vigabatrin&nbsp; and other drugs work through GABA. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works through many different&nbsp; mechanisms in synergy, and one of them is GABA.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we're sort of interested in it&nbsp; from that perspective. So you can&nbsp;&nbsp; replicate and mimic many of the effects&nbsp; that I'm interested in from a neurological&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective, neuroprotective with&nbsp; simply administering exogenous ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; to animals at least on a standard diet.&nbsp; So this has actually spawned many... The pre-clinical animal model data was&nbsp; so compelling that it has inspired,&nbsp;&nbsp; not from our lab, from other investigators, you&nbsp; know, looking at this too, a dozens of clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials that are ongoing right now. If you just&nbsp; go to clinicaltrials.gov and google and just or&nbsp;&nbsp; just type in ketone supplement, I think you get&nbsp; like 30 or 40 clinical trials that are looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at ketone supplements. And just a few years&nbsp; ago, there was none, right? So, there's a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of other people instead of us looking at this idea&nbsp; of...I guess you could call it a ketogenic diet . But I think of exogenous ketones are&nbsp; calorie-containing molecules that are essentially&nbsp;&nbsp; in some ways found in nature, some&nbsp; of them are, some of them aren't.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they do elevate a bioidentical ketone&nbsp; bodies in the blood and in tissues. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; in many ways, they're not so much like&nbsp; a drug. It's like creatine monohydrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So you can take...creatine is found&nbsp; in meat and it's found in other things.&nbsp;&nbsp; We can take exogenous creatine, and it has not&nbsp; only effect on skeletal muscle but on the brain.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think we're getting an appreciation&nbsp; for creatine as like a nootropic even. I look at ketones as being kind of the next&nbsp; creatine, but it's going to take a while&nbsp;&nbsp; for the research. I think there's like 700 or more&nbsp; trials or studies on creatine, you know, showing&nbsp;&nbsp; the efficacy and the positive effect, whereas&nbsp; maybe there's maybe like 50 to 100 with ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's expanding very rapidly. It's very nascent&nbsp; literature, but the nascent literature has spawned&nbsp;&nbsp; many other labs, you know, outside of our lab&nbsp; and labs that were doing it well before our lab.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I became so interested in this idea&nbsp; that it...I just changed my whole research&nbsp;&nbsp; direction away from drugs to look at diet&nbsp; and supplements. Sorry, that was long-winded. [Dr. Patrick]: No, it's fantastic, so much&nbsp; information. You mentioned that, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in different contexts, these different types&nbsp; of ketone supplements can have, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; varying effects or be used for different&nbsp; things. If you're just looking at&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone...you know, beta-hydroxybutyrate levels&nbsp; as an endpoint, what would be the difference&nbsp;&nbsp; in taking a ketone ester versus a ketone salt? How&nbsp; long would you see an increase in the, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate levels is how transient?&nbsp; Is it side effects-wise, you know, with these&nbsp;&nbsp; different...? And the formulations as well. Like&nbsp; there's all kinds of formulations that you see. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So, you can get an elevation&nbsp; of ketones for one hour or six to eight hours&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the formulation and depending upon if&nbsp; you took the ketone supplement with...on an empty&nbsp;&nbsp; stomach or taken it with food or combined, for&nbsp; example, a ketone ester with a ketone electrolyte&nbsp;&nbsp; salt, right? If you take ketone salts and you&nbsp; combine it with medium-chain triglycerides,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fat delays gastric absorption and pushes the&nbsp; pharmacokinetic curve, if you will, to the right.&nbsp;&nbsp; And this is important. You get a little bit slower&nbsp; elevation of blood ketones, and then you have&nbsp;&nbsp; a significant sustainment of hyperketonemia&nbsp; over time and the decrease in the spike.&nbsp;&nbsp; So a very rapid spike in ketones&nbsp; contributes to a release in insulin. So, if you consume a ketone ester at a large&nbsp; dose on an empty stomach, you have a very large&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate&nbsp; too depending on the formulation. And it's that&nbsp;&nbsp; rate of change, the relative rate of&nbsp; change of metabolites, similar to like&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have a very rapid, you know, relative&nbsp; spike in leucine, it's going to kick on&nbsp;&nbsp; skeletal muscle protein synthesis, but if&nbsp; it's a gradual spike, maybe it won't kick on&nbsp;&nbsp; the metabolic machinery associated with skeletal&nbsp; muscle protein synthesis. The rapid elevation of&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones can produce a counter-regulatory&nbsp; effect, which is a release in insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that can shut down your&nbsp; own natural ketone production.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, the way to go about doing it is to formulate&nbsp; something that causes a predictable but gradual&nbsp;&nbsp; rise in ketones and sustains that for a period&nbsp; of time and has a predictable decrease over time. So the way to do that simply is to take...the&nbsp; way that I do it on a daily basis is&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate that's bound to electrolyte&nbsp; sodium that has sodium, potassium, calcium,&nbsp;&nbsp; magnesium in that formulation, so balanced&nbsp; electrolytes, more or less like the electrolyte&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements that are on the market. So, LMNT is&nbsp; one. I think maybe Liquid IV or Gatorade or even&nbsp;&nbsp; these things. So, the higher sodium, you know,&nbsp; but you want to match it with some potassium,&nbsp;&nbsp; calcium, magnesium. And then the electrolytes in&nbsp; themselves will actually delay gastric absorption&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit. So salt does that. And if you&nbsp; combine that with MCT too, that delay it.&nbsp;&nbsp; The salts can actually delay gastric&nbsp; absorption, so it's not so much of a rapid rise. If you take a beta-hydroxybutyrate ester,&nbsp; you have 1,3-butanediol typically is bound&nbsp;&nbsp; to beta-hydroxybutyrate. When you consume that,&nbsp; the beta-hydroxybutyrate is quickly liberated,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it spikes your glucose or your ketones&nbsp; up very high. But in regards to glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually, that comes down pretty low. And you had&nbsp; to ask me that question. Why does glucose drop,&nbsp;&nbsp; so down into hypoglycemic ranges with a&nbsp; single large dose like 30 to 50 milliliters&nbsp;&nbsp; of like a pure ketone ester,&nbsp; something like that, right? Yeah. So, in the beginning, I thought it was&nbsp; insulin, and it is insulin. So the threshold&nbsp;&nbsp; for me at least...I measure insulin quite often in&nbsp; response to this, and what I find is that if you&nbsp;&nbsp; take a ketone supplement and it boosts you 1 to&nbsp; 2 millimolar like a delta, a change, an increase,&nbsp;&nbsp; then the elevation of insulin is almost&nbsp; imperceptible according to like the assays&nbsp;&nbsp; that we're using. But if you were to consume&nbsp; a ketone ester and get up into the three,&nbsp;&nbsp; four, and five range, then that produces&nbsp; an elevation of insulin equivalent to&nbsp;&nbsp; eating...you know, drinking like 2 to 4 ounces&nbsp; of OJ or like 10 grapes or like a small orange,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So, for me, it goes from like 3 to 6&nbsp; or 8 or 10, right, insulin, my blood insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; levels. And it's equivalent to maybe eating&nbsp; about 30 or 40 grams of protein. So you would&nbsp;&nbsp; get that amount. Whereas if you consume, you know,&nbsp; Ketostart or another exogenous ketone supplement,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you consume it like 10 grams of pure BHB, and&nbsp; you get that elevation of about 1.5 millimolar... [Dr. Patrick]: Is that a full packet of Ketostart? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It's kind of like&nbsp; double...almost it's like double&nbsp;&nbsp; dosed in a way. So I usually&nbsp; do half a packet and then... [Dr. Patrick]: Which is I'm&nbsp; drinking right now, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yep. So, consuming a full&nbsp; packet typically I get about 1.5 millimolar,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I feel the effect. But I've actually consumed&nbsp; two packets, and I start to get a bump in insulin,&nbsp;&nbsp; but one packet, no. And the bump in insulin&nbsp; is relatively small probably because&nbsp;&nbsp; the mineral load is delaying, you know, the&nbsp; absorption into the system a little bit.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I think that that's really important because&nbsp; we know like insulin suppression is also important&nbsp;&nbsp; for the anti-seizure effects. So we think that a&nbsp; reduction in glycolysis is therapeutically part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the scenario of the anti-seizure effect of&nbsp; the ketogenic diet because 2-deoxy glucose has&nbsp;&nbsp; a pretty strong anti-seizure effect. And that&nbsp; is being advocated and used clinically in some&nbsp;&nbsp; studies as the ketogenic diet in a drug, so&nbsp; a glycolytic inhibitor, 2-deoxy glucose. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you consume this drug and it's&nbsp; like 25 milligrams per kilogram,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you go higher than that, then it becomes&nbsp; cardiotoxic. So it's not an ideal approach,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it inhibits the glycolytic pathway in a way&nbsp; that sort of mimics effects of the ketogenic diet. So when we increase insulin, insulin stimulates&nbsp; glycolysis, and I think that that could be&nbsp;&nbsp; a negative thing in the context of maybe cancer or&nbsp; seizures or other things that we're interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutically managing. There's the ketogenic&nbsp; diet and exogenous ketones, and they're not&nbsp;&nbsp; mutually exclusive. But I actually think they're&nbsp; synergistically, you know, when they're combined&nbsp;&nbsp; together. So, if you follow a more liberal version&nbsp; of the ketogenic diet like a modified Atkins diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or modified ketogenic diet or low glycemic index&nbsp; therapy, which is like a one-to-one ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet, and then supplement ketones on top of that,&nbsp; then I think what you have in my opinion is an&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized ketogenic diet for a lifestyle. This&nbsp; needs to be studied and validated in clinical&nbsp;&nbsp; trials. But I think it would also be optimal&nbsp; for epilepsy, for cancer, for managing type&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 diabetes, and also for weight loss. So the&nbsp; ketones have a satiating effect on the brain. So the ketones are alternative energy substrate,&nbsp; and when your brain is metabolizing ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it actually experiences low glucose,&nbsp; it doesn't go into an energetic crisis. So&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not signaling that you need to eat.&nbsp; And I think that's really interesting.&nbsp;&nbsp; There have been cases where you could&nbsp; produce a hypoglycemic shock that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; fatal...otherwise fatal. But if your ketones are&nbsp; elevated, you're asymptomatic for hypoglycemia.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's a remarkable example of the effects&nbsp; of ketones on preserving, maintaining brain&nbsp;&nbsp; energy metabolism, and that has real-world&nbsp; effects in the context of everyday living. And if you go on a diet, you inadvertently need to&nbsp; go into a calorie deficit. So calories do matter&nbsp;&nbsp; for one thing, and you have to achieve&nbsp; and maintain a protracted calorie deficit&nbsp;&nbsp; to lose weight and to some extent, sustain that&nbsp; weight for a period of time. Then you can go back&nbsp;&nbsp; to a more eucaloric ketogenic diet or eucaloric&nbsp; diet. It will necessitate like low glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; low insulin, and you're going to get&nbsp; hungry, but if your ketones are elevated,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's where ketones shine. They really shine in&nbsp; the context of calorie restriction or an energy&nbsp;&nbsp; deficit because you have a better fuel flow to the&nbsp; brain in that context, right? So if you're on a&nbsp;&nbsp; low-calorie diet that's producing a state of&nbsp; hypoglycemia, but your ketones are not elevated,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's going to be a painful&nbsp; diet to adhere to and sustain. [Dr. Patrick]: Right. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Not fun. [Dr. Patrick]: No. And it's funny. Like,&nbsp; I absolutely noticed that when I was doing&nbsp;&nbsp; my ketogenic diet. Like I said, I was doing a lot&nbsp; more intermittent fasting, and it was a lot easier&nbsp;&nbsp; to do. I mean, you do feel...I felt satiated.&nbsp; And this kind of gets into another topic,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I did want to kind of ask you about the&nbsp; difference between...you mentioned the diester&nbsp;&nbsp; for ketone esters, but there's also monoester,&nbsp; right? Is there a difference in terms of efficacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, if you're just kind of wanting to elevate&nbsp; your ketone levels? And again, it seems as though&nbsp;&nbsp; I prefer... I've tried all these different types&nbsp; of ketone supplements, and I personally am not&nbsp;&nbsp; a huge fan of the really quick spike and then&nbsp; like...like to me, it's kind of crashing because&nbsp;&nbsp; my glucose levels get so low, and then when the&nbsp; ketones wear off, it's like, "Where's my energy?" [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you have, yeah,&nbsp; hypoglycemia and hypoketonemia,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you might also be kicking yourself out&nbsp; of ketosis. So it could be a dose thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; The 1,3-butanediol beta-hydroxybutyrate monoester,&nbsp;&nbsp; that was developed by...in part by Dr. Richard&nbsp; Veach. That was one of the first ketone esters&nbsp;&nbsp; that we actually...you know, I became interested&nbsp; in, and it did not have anti-seizure effects.&nbsp;&nbsp; I didn't lose enthusiasm because I knew there was&nbsp; so many other molecules that could be developed. We worked on a couple different molecules. And&nbsp; the next one was the diester. Actually, first,&nbsp;&nbsp; we had the monoester. 1,3-butanediol-acetoacetate&nbsp; monoester had very strong anti-seizure effects.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we could do more of a transesterification&nbsp; reaction, it's just more or less a stoichiometric&nbsp;&nbsp; reaction where you just add more ketones,&nbsp; in this case, acetoacetate 2-1-3-butanediol.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's 1,3-butanediol, which gets metabolized&nbsp; in the liver completely pretty much to&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate. That molecule with a&nbsp; reaction, we can add to acetoacetate molecules. And, you know, both of these things, the&nbsp; monoester and the diester, they taste nasty,&nbsp;&nbsp; they taste like gas. But they have&nbsp; very distinctly different effects&nbsp;&nbsp; at least in the context of the&nbsp; anti-seizure effects. So when we developed&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketone diester, and we used that in our&nbsp; animal model of tonic-clonic seizures, which was,&nbsp;&nbsp; in this case, high-pressure oxygen, but we then&nbsp; tested it in various other seizure models too,&nbsp;&nbsp; it had a very strong anti-seizure neuroprotective&nbsp; effect. And then if we use 1,3-butanediol or any&nbsp;&nbsp; other ketone, it didn't really have&nbsp; that profound anti-seizure effect. [Dr. Patrick]: GABA. Is there like a&nbsp; difference in the GABA [crosstalk 00:51:19]? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's an interesting, you&nbsp; know, theory, but one of the things that kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of stood out was elevating acetoacetate seemed to&nbsp; be really important. And some of the animal model&nbsp;&nbsp; work... It was brought to my attention by people&nbsp; who had been studying this for longer than me.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of them was Dr. John Rowe. He&nbsp; was looking at beta-hydroxybutyrate&nbsp;&nbsp; and acetoacetate saying, you know, there's&nbsp; really good literature with acetoacetate and&nbsp;&nbsp; acetone too having an anti-seizure&nbsp; effect. The 1,3-butanediol-acetoacetate&nbsp;&nbsp; diester elevates beta-hydroxybutyrate and&nbsp; acetoacetate more or less on a one-to-one ratio. So we did blood work. We measured blood,&nbsp; and we sent it out to mass spec[trometry].&nbsp;&nbsp; And there's kind of like a nice...there's&nbsp; a quick spike up in acetoacetate&nbsp;&nbsp; and beta-hydroxybutyrate from the 1,3-butanediol,&nbsp; and that happens over hours. And we had a 600%&nbsp;&nbsp; increase in the latency to seizure, which&nbsp; means that animals could go 600% longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we published that. And then later, we actually&nbsp; combined the ketone ester with MCT and saw a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of a boost, you know. The MCT seemed to&nbsp; further elevate ketones and extend the sustainment&nbsp;&nbsp; of ketosis. So that has been the ester that we&nbsp; focus mostly on in our studies at least initially. But then we started tinkering with the ketone&nbsp; salts and putting ketone salts and mixing that&nbsp;&nbsp; with MCT. So, ketone salts alone or mixed with&nbsp; MCT seem to have a lot of favorable effects on&nbsp;&nbsp; glycemic regulation, anti-anxiety effects. You&nbsp; know, they also have an anti-seizure effect,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe not as strong as the ketone esters, which&nbsp; are just more powerful on a per gram basis. But&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally would not... I have access to these&nbsp; things. Even if ketone esters tasted great,&nbsp;&nbsp; I would not be consuming them day in&nbsp; and day out. Just for the same reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think it's good to spike glucose&nbsp; throughout the day. I don't think it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really favorable to throw a lot of energy in the&nbsp; system in a way, especially if ketones get high,&nbsp;&nbsp; you do get a metabolic acidosis that you can...&nbsp; We see pH drop in our animals. So we measure like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, our pH levels and blood gases and things&nbsp; like that, and we see that the pH level will drop&nbsp;&nbsp; typically when the ketones get above about 3&nbsp; millimolar. So that's probably not a good thing. So, I'm of the opinion personally and&nbsp; experimentally by...you know, in the idea of&nbsp;&nbsp; keeping exogenous ketones within like an elevation&nbsp; of 1 to 3 millimolar. I think it's pretty optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; unless you're managing like a very serious form of&nbsp; epilepsy, or you have glucose transporter type 1&nbsp;&nbsp; deficiency syndrome or some other inborn error&nbsp; metabolism where having higher ketones can be&nbsp;&nbsp; favorable because you have a decrease in&nbsp; other metabolic pathways or transporters&nbsp;&nbsp; like in the case of glucose&nbsp; transporters deficiency. [Dr. Patrick]: It sounds like though...&nbsp;&nbsp; For my own personal anecdote when&nbsp; I was trying the ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, at first, it was like, "Oh, maybe more&nbsp; is better. I want to get, you know, at least&nbsp;&nbsp; above 3 millimolar." You know, I got like 3.5 with&nbsp; consuming about 30 mils of, I believe the 1-3... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Monoester. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, that formulation. Like&nbsp; I said, you know, 30 mils, that's a lot. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's people that might be doing that&nbsp; like every couple of hours even, and it sounds&nbsp;&nbsp; like that could potentially be a dangerous&nbsp; thing to do, especially if they're getting&nbsp;&nbsp; in that range where there could be a pH&nbsp; change. And if they're not measuring it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, no one's going to&nbsp; know. So, it's something... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I don't think we know, and&nbsp; I think it's like... If you have like type 2&nbsp;&nbsp; diabetes, if you have Alzheimer's disease, you&nbsp; know, cancer, I think it's better to spread out&nbsp;&nbsp; the dose too. So, I think from my perspective,&nbsp; I'd rather take something that's also delivering&nbsp;&nbsp; electrolytes that my body can use&nbsp; and also that tastes good. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the 1,3-butanediol is also a consideration,&nbsp; right, because the liver has to work harder,&nbsp;&nbsp; so it uses the alcohol, the dehydrogenase&nbsp; pathway. And I noticed, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; playing around with these things over time&nbsp; just 1,3-butanediol, which the ketone esters,&nbsp;&nbsp; if I consume that at a certain dose&nbsp; for two weeks and then get blood work,&nbsp;&nbsp; my liver enzymes are elevated. They're&nbsp; still within normal range, but they creep&nbsp;&nbsp; up into that upper range of normal consuming,&nbsp; for example, like 1 gram per kilogram per day.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's the amount that's needed to sustain&nbsp; hyperketonemia equivalent to a ketogenic diet. I feel intuitively that it's probably better&nbsp; to take a more natural form of ketones where&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just ionically bound to a monovalent&nbsp; or divalent cation like electrolytes,&nbsp;&nbsp; which our body tend to deplete anyway when you're&nbsp; on a state of ketosis. So, I use the product&nbsp;&nbsp; LMNT. But once we got the ketone formulation&nbsp; kind of figured out, you can deliver&nbsp;&nbsp; the same electrolytes that are bound to ketones.&nbsp; So I think it's a good adjuvant or a good&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement to add to a low-carb&nbsp; diet to ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: How often do you&nbsp;&nbsp; do...? Is this a daily electrolyte sort&nbsp; of supplemental thing that's...? Okay. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. And I just use maybe like&nbsp; a small dose in the morning and I combine it with&nbsp;&nbsp; like creatine, acetyl-L-carnitine, and a couple&nbsp; other like taurine. There's some supplements that&nbsp;&nbsp; I think are really beneficial with the ketogenic&nbsp; diet. They can help boost ketosis. And then, when&nbsp;&nbsp; you're on a ketogenic diet, you're oxidizing so&nbsp; much fat, you tend to be deficient in carnitine,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we see this like in kids that are on...so&nbsp; I think carnitine is like really important.&nbsp;&nbsp; The selenium, some studies may show&nbsp; up that that's really important,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think that's more of the type&nbsp; of foods that you're consuming. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, a standard&nbsp; multivitamin too also would be... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, multivitamin, but I&nbsp; think you can get a lot of nutrition from,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, a lot of eggs and sardines and fish and&nbsp; oysters and things like that that are very rich&nbsp;&nbsp; and some things that may be depleted in other&nbsp; people at least clinically. So I take a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of ketone salts in the morning, and then&nbsp; later in the day like midday as a pick me up,&nbsp;&nbsp; like I'll do the other two-thirds of a packet,&nbsp; you know. I feel it [crosstalk 00:58:09]. [Dr. Patrick]: Any other supplements that&nbsp; you take or that, you know, encourage? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. You know, from listening&nbsp; to you a lot, the omega-3s, DHA, EPA, carnitine&nbsp;&nbsp; because that's really important kind of aspect.&nbsp; If I wasn't taking ketone salts, I would be taking&nbsp;&nbsp; more electrolytes, but I&nbsp; take magnesium, "Magnesium&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 and 8". And also BiOptimizers makes&nbsp; a magnesium breakthrough product,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is like magnesium in like five&nbsp; different forms or six different forms. So&nbsp;&nbsp; I've measured my blood levels of magnesium,&nbsp; and it goes up pretty high with that. I take vitamin D, which was actually low even&nbsp; though I get tons of sun and I was supplementing&nbsp;&nbsp; 4,000 to 8,000 IUs a day. And I got a blood&nbsp; test done, and I was on the lower end of normal,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was really confusing. So I got another&nbsp; blood test that confirmed, the other blood test&nbsp;&nbsp; that I was on a low end of normal. So I got&nbsp; prescription vitamin D, which is vitamin D2.&nbsp;&nbsp; But then I ran out of that, and I was using&nbsp; another vitamin D supplement from another&nbsp;&nbsp; maker. I think it was Mindbodygreen. I&nbsp; was supplementing with that. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; got another vitamin D test after and I stayed&nbsp; elevated in the upper range of normal. So maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; I was using a well-known vitamin D formulation,&nbsp; but it was like from Walgreens or CVS. And I was&nbsp;&nbsp; taking 8,000 IUs a day, and I was still&nbsp; in the low end of normal even though I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; getting a lot of sun exposure. So this was&nbsp; probably one of the most weirdest things. [Dr. Patrick:]: It could have&nbsp; been a polymorphism or... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I was thinking about that. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: ...you know, because there&nbsp; are polymorphisms that some people require,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, in some cases, two to three times&nbsp; the normal dose to actually just bring&nbsp;&nbsp; you up to like a normal level of&nbsp; like 30 to 48 nanograms per mil.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the other would be that there's been a variety&nbsp; of studies now over the years showing if you&nbsp;&nbsp; just randomly take different vitamin D supplements&nbsp; off the shelves like Walgreens, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; in grocery stores, that the actual concentration&nbsp; of vitamin D3 in each supplement varies so widely&nbsp;&nbsp; that you'll often get a supplement that says&nbsp; it's, you know, 4,000 IU, but it's more like 400&nbsp;&nbsp; IU. And it's really a big problem, honestly. So it&nbsp; is good to like kind of find some go-to reliable&nbsp;&nbsp; brands. Maybe third-party sites have tested&nbsp; the concentration of the vitamin D3. I know&nbsp;&nbsp; Labdoor does one, and then ConsumerLab,&nbsp; they actually go around and test the actual&nbsp;&nbsp; concentration of whatever active ingredient, in&nbsp; this case, vitamin D3 in a variety of pretty,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, readily available supplements.&nbsp; That could have been it as well, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It really shocked me because,&nbsp; I mean, I'm out...we're in Florida. I'm outside,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, working on the farm,&nbsp; shirt off a lot, and I double dose&nbsp;&nbsp; on...I'm pushing like the upper limit&nbsp; I thought of vitamin D supplement... [Dr. Patrick]: You have enough magnesium&nbsp; obviously because magnesium is important. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, get a ton. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Have you done a genetic test? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I did&nbsp; 23andMe like back in 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I have all the raw data,&nbsp; and I haven't put it into... [Dr. Patrick]: [crosstalk 01:01:16] because we do&nbsp; a lot of the vitamin D3 SNPs. There's quite a few,&nbsp;&nbsp; and, you know, there's several that&nbsp; affect your ability to convert...&nbsp;&nbsp; There's several steps in vitamin D3&nbsp; metabolism but particularly vitamin D3... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I actually&nbsp; becoming fascinated with vitamin D. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, vitamin D3 converting&nbsp; into to 25-hydroxy vitamin D, which is what&nbsp;&nbsp; is the major circulating form which is what you're&nbsp; getting measured when you're getting a blood test.&nbsp;&nbsp; There's SNPs that affect that. And I've&nbsp; had several friends and I've seen...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, I looked at the data, but&nbsp; I've had several friends that&nbsp;&nbsp; have had to take like up to 30,000&nbsp; IUs a day because they have a SNP. [Dr. D'Agostino]: And explain&nbsp; to me why prescription is D2. [Dr. Patrick]: I don't know&nbsp; why it is. And to be honest... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Okay. Yeah. I asked my doctor&nbsp; and she didn't know. She was like, "I have no..." [Dr. Patrick]: ...I'm not terribly&nbsp; thrilled. Maybe it's a cost thing&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're getting it from like&nbsp; plant like mushrooms or something.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know there's been a couple of studies over&nbsp; the years. I don't quite understand, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; the mechanism and I don't know if it's known&nbsp; or how much has been studied. There's some&nbsp;&nbsp; preliminary data, and I haven't checked back, I&nbsp; don't know how much of this has been confirmed.&nbsp;&nbsp; Supplementation with vitamin D2 seemed to&nbsp; like inhibit some of the effects of vitamin D&nbsp;&nbsp; in muscle. So I was kind of like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "That's kind of concerning." And I know a lot&nbsp; of vegetarians like to take vitamin D2 because,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, they want something that's plant-based,&nbsp; but you can actually get vitamin D3 from lichen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Oh, really? [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, they produce vitamin D3.&nbsp; Yeah, like stuff that grows on rocks and trees. [Dr. D'Agostino]: You can eat it. You can boil&nbsp; it. And, you know, it's good nutrition. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: You can eat it. Yeah. There are&nbsp; companies that...like I know Thorne makes one,&nbsp;&nbsp; a vitamin D3 for vegetarians&nbsp; and stuff from lichen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: In skin wise, if you have&nbsp; more olive skin or... So I form keloids. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; this was a big...if I get a cut, I form keloids&nbsp; like African Americans do with dark skin. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was thinking that there's something, you know,&nbsp; biochemically in my skin, although I don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; like an over-production of melanin, but I have&nbsp; aspects of that, of having darker skin, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; like in forming keloids. So I'm thinking there's&nbsp; something in my skin, I'm not synthesizing it. [Dr. Patrick]: That's interesting. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I mean, I tan if I'm outside. I&nbsp; mean, it's winter now. Yeah, usually, I'm pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; dark. Yeah. There have like to supplement and&nbsp; double the amount of dose that's recommended&nbsp;&nbsp; and to be outside all the time and to have low&nbsp; levels. Like I got the call and said, "Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; we need to get you on a vitamin D supplement." I&nbsp; was like, "No, that's not right. Order another."&nbsp;&nbsp; And I got it and it was, like, low like super,&nbsp; like, right, at the cutoff. But I did take 50,000&nbsp;&nbsp; IUs of vitamin D2 is the prescription, and three&nbsp; or four weeks of that, you just take one per week,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was on the upper range of normal slightly&nbsp; above. Then I stopped and it went back down&nbsp;&nbsp; to normal, but I was supplementing...I&nbsp; changed to a different brand. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: And you've been able to&nbsp; maintain levels? What dose do you take? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think it's like&nbsp; back to 5,000, yeah, 5,000 IUs. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Maybe it was the... Yeah.&nbsp; Look at your SNPs. That would be like&nbsp;&nbsp; my [inaudible 01:04:30] SNP. But then&nbsp; absolutely could be the actual supplement brand. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Is there anything&nbsp; acutely or chronically that you could&nbsp;&nbsp; have that would use...would deplete&nbsp; vitamin D? So that was another thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; I researched it but really couldn't find&nbsp; too much. I figure you would know this. [Dr. Patrick]: There's some&nbsp; evidence that like, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; being in a state of like inflammation and,&nbsp; you know, like illness like which you're not. [Dr. D'Agostino]: My hs-CRP is, like, usually&nbsp; non-detectable or 0.1. And everything else,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, micronutrient status is really good. [Dr. Patrick]: I think it mostly comes&nbsp; down to the metabolism of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; forming the 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 and then also&nbsp; the brand of supplement. And then there's another&nbsp;&nbsp; thing about doing, like, a weekly dose versus&nbsp; daily. If you're doing a weekly dose that's&nbsp;&nbsp; really, really high, so if you're doing like&nbsp; 20,000, 50,000 IU a week, you're much less likely&nbsp;&nbsp; to have that huge variation in the concentration&nbsp; of the vitamin D supplement like for some reason.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems to be absorbed a little bit better&nbsp; too. But I don't know how much, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; how negligible that is in terms of what you're&nbsp; experiencing. I would say the SNPs is probably&nbsp;&nbsp; the big elephant in the room. So, super&nbsp; interesting. But I'm going to get back to... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Sure, the answer. [Dr. Patrick]: We're talking about acetoacetate&nbsp; and beta-hydroxybutyrate. I was interested in,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you kind of already sort of answered some&nbsp; of that question, if there's varying effects&nbsp;&nbsp; of these two...I'm calling them ketones. I&nbsp; think acetoacetates or ketone technically,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate's ketone body, you don't&nbsp; really hear that as much, but anti-seizure.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's one. Acetoacetate seems to really be&nbsp; important for that. Are there any other known...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Distinct effects of the two. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. There are. Well, we know&nbsp; like beta-hydroxybutyrate has epigenetic effects&nbsp;&nbsp; as far as activating, you know, histone&nbsp; deacetylase inhibition. And also there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something called beta- hydroxybutyrylation,&nbsp; similar to lag [SP]. So beta-hydroxybutyrate&nbsp;&nbsp; can directly interact with the histone&nbsp; to cause epigenetic modifications, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it has become the theme of my Ph.D. students&nbsp; dissertation to look at Kabuki syndrome,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a rare genetic disease, where the&nbsp; ketogenic diet in the lab of Hans Bjornsson&nbsp;&nbsp; at Johns Hopkins demonstrated that the ketogenic&nbsp; diet silenced these neurological abnormalities&nbsp;&nbsp; associated with this Kabuki syndrome, which is&nbsp; a rare genetic disorder, it causes seizures too.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we want to see if we can recapitulate&nbsp; this with ketone therapy using ketones as&nbsp;&nbsp; an...and metabolite to alter epigenetic effects.&nbsp; And so we have those studies going on right now. So, there's ketone induced epigenetic&nbsp; effects specific to beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe acetoacetate, but we don't know.&nbsp; Acetoacetate on the other hand has effects&nbsp;&nbsp; at least in muscular dystrophy in regards&nbsp; to increasing skeletal muscle regeneration,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it does it through an ERK-MEK cyclin D,&nbsp; I think, mechanism. So it's a very unique&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanism that was kind of new to me.&nbsp; But a pretty good publication came out&nbsp;&nbsp; using...showing that acetoacetate&nbsp; stimulates...so beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; I was going to go down the path, and acetoacetate&nbsp; too maybe have anti-catabolic effects. [Dr. Patrick]: Let's talk about that. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. The research that&nbsp; we've done uses an ester that elevates both&nbsp;&nbsp; of them and shown that it works in a model of&nbsp; cachexia. And we know that acetoacetate has&nbsp;&nbsp; an enhancement, as I said, proliferation or muscle&nbsp; regeneration, and beta-hydroxybutyrate as a fuel&nbsp;&nbsp; undoubtedly has anti-catabolic effects. And&nbsp; we know that when we administer, even in human&nbsp;&nbsp; studies, if we IV administer beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp; there's a sharp decrease in alanine, and also a&nbsp;&nbsp; preservation of branched-chain amino acids like&nbsp; leucine is elevated, and it prevents a drop.&nbsp;&nbsp; So alanine is like your main gluconeogenic amino&nbsp; acid that is liberated under conditions of stress,&nbsp;&nbsp; high cortisol, high gluconeogenesis, glucagon,&nbsp; things like that. We are going to liberate&nbsp;&nbsp; alanine as a gluconeogenic amino acid. It&nbsp; goes to the liver, we make glucose. And&nbsp;&nbsp; elevating ketones seems to reduce that. That&nbsp; could play into the anti-catabolic effects. [Dr. Patrick]: What are your thoughts&nbsp; on...? I'm interested in your thoughts on&nbsp;&nbsp; the anti-catabolic effects of ketones in various&nbsp; context of...I mean, I guess in human development&nbsp;&nbsp; or even, you know, with respect to humans that&nbsp; have different lifestyles. So, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; people that are physically active,&nbsp; more young, athletic versus people that&nbsp;&nbsp; are older and are battling sarcopenia, you know,&nbsp; versus people that are just sedentary. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone has...they have different protein&nbsp; requirements, you know, between these groups.&nbsp;&nbsp; How can ketogenic diets or&nbsp; perhaps supplementing with ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements sort of...? Can they have&nbsp; an effect on muscle mass in some way? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think so, and I think&nbsp; skeletal muscle... And maybe I'm a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; biased because I've always been super interested&nbsp; in strength training and weightlifting and things&nbsp;&nbsp; like that. But muscle mass is probably the&nbsp; most important factor for healthy aging. And&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing on building as much muscle as possible&nbsp; I think is super important in preserving that&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle with time. So, ketogenic diets are&nbsp; probably not optimal for adding as much&nbsp;&nbsp; size and strength as possible, right? But I do&nbsp; think they are important for preserving muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; while improving metabolic parameters like&nbsp; glycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and things like that.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do think the ideal strategy in the context&nbsp; of a calorie deficit to preserve muscle&nbsp;&nbsp; under that sort of condition, right? And it&nbsp; does it by a number of different pathways. So, I think the elevation of ketones one of the&nbsp; functions is to prevent muscle loss during periods&nbsp;&nbsp; of fasting, right? So with limited glucose&nbsp; availability or limited food availability,&nbsp;&nbsp; we start liberating fatty acids for fuel, and&nbsp; then the body makes ketones, and then the ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; provide energy flow to the brain, which has very&nbsp; high demands for glucose. If we didn't produce&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones, we would liberate a lot of alanine and&nbsp; other gluconeogenic amino acids from skeletal&nbsp;&nbsp; muscle, and we would quickly waste away and die.&nbsp; The fact that we're able to make ketones from&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty acids as a water-soluble fat molecule that&nbsp; could cross the blood-brain barrier, that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; becomes our safeguard to catabolic processes that&nbsp; would allow us...cause us to waste away, right? And we are sort of wasting away in&nbsp; the context of a weight loss diet&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the context of intermittent fasting. So&nbsp; then the ketones come into play when we're in&nbsp;&nbsp; a calorie deficit like I said, but also when we're&nbsp; doing time-restricted feeding, I think the ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; provide an anti-catabolic effect. But from our&nbsp; perspective, we're super interested in ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; preventing age-related sarcopenia, skeletal&nbsp; muscle wasting associated with cancer cachexia.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think that's important. And&nbsp; they're doing it I think not only&nbsp;&nbsp; providing in the context of a disease phenotype or&nbsp; a chronic aging phenotype, the alternative energy&nbsp;&nbsp; function is there, but the&nbsp; anti-inflammatory effects, I think. So with cachexia, for example, you have a high&nbsp; elevation of like IL-1 beta, TNF alpha, which used&nbsp;&nbsp; to be called cachexin I think as inflammatory&nbsp; media. So, the ketones then work through&nbsp;&nbsp; anti-inflammatory pathways that can mitigate the&nbsp; inflammation-induced muscle wasting associate. So&nbsp;&nbsp; we did a study with lipopolysaccharide, LPS. So&nbsp; LPS causes massive, you know, muscle wasting and&nbsp;&nbsp; sarcopenia with time. And in that model too, the&nbsp; ketones are protective in some ways by inhibiting&nbsp;&nbsp; some of the anti-inflammatory...inhibiting&nbsp; the inflammatory effects of LPS. [Dr. Patrick]: Do you think that...? People&nbsp; that aren't, for example, in a constant state&nbsp;&nbsp; of ketosis because they're on a ketogenic&nbsp; diet, but perhaps they would like to take,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, a supplement, ketone salt. Do&nbsp; you think that's something that...like the&nbsp;&nbsp; chronic elevation or the constant constituent&nbsp; elevation of these ketones that's important or&nbsp;&nbsp; little bumps throughout the&nbsp; day, you know, or something? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's a good question. So I&nbsp; get that a lot. And I think chronic ketosis is&nbsp;&nbsp; probably not natural or not ideal for most people&nbsp; unless you're managing a chronic disorder that's&nbsp;&nbsp; responsive to chronic ketosis like epilepsy and&nbsp; other metabolic disorders. But I'm a big believer&nbsp;&nbsp; in relative changes. So, even with intermittent&nbsp; fasting like I think I'm fasting today,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe I just had some ketone supplements but&nbsp; like yesterday I did. So I only do intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting probably two, maybe three times a week&nbsp; at the most because, if I did it every day,&nbsp;&nbsp; I feel that I lose some of the benefits&nbsp; of it, I also lose too much weight. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't get enough calories. I end up eating&nbsp; too many calories at the end of the day. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the body works good. You know, relative&nbsp; changes are really good to the body. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you get a lot more...I personally get a lot&nbsp; more benefits doing intermittent fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; if I use it more intermittently, you know,&nbsp; right? I feel the benefits a little bit more. So I think the same is true with ketosis. And&nbsp; I think Dr. Valter Longo has a great idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea that... I actually gave it a lot&nbsp; of thought. So it was good to see that he&nbsp;&nbsp; came out, you know, with this idea of the&nbsp; fasting-mimicking diet being implemented for&nbsp;&nbsp; just a one week or five day&nbsp; period, right, per month,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that can have long-lasting metabolic&nbsp; benefits even throughout, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; weeks to even a month or more after you do that as&nbsp; far as resetting insulin sensitivity and improving&nbsp;&nbsp; different metabolic biomarkers. So I think chronic&nbsp; ketosis is probably not ideal for most situations&nbsp;&nbsp; unless you're doing...you're trying to get your&nbsp; insulin managed, you're trying to lose weight and&nbsp;&nbsp; maintain that weight loss over time, and you've&nbsp; had difficulty doing it with other types of diets. But I think there's so many different factors that&nbsp; need to come into play when you're choosing to do&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet, including monitoring. People&nbsp; really need to track nutrients, track calories.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some people put...you know, they eat a ketogenic&nbsp; diet is like 50% higher. So you can't eat... So, typically, you know, we have auto feedback&nbsp; full, but for some people, they don't work&nbsp; well. So they do need to count calories and&nbsp;&nbsp; macronutrients and track at least initially so&nbsp; they have some idea of how many calories we're&nbsp;&nbsp; eating. I know, until I started tracking calories,&nbsp; I had no idea how many calories I was eating.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I thought I was eating more like 3,000, but&nbsp; it was more like 4,200 pretty much every day. [Dr. Patrick]: I want to talk about these&nbsp; cyclical ketogenic diets, but before I go there,&nbsp;&nbsp; since we're talking about muscle and the&nbsp; anti-catabolic effects of ketones on muscle, I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; also sort of interested in exercise performance&nbsp; as well like anaerobic exercise versus aerobic&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise if you are either on a ketogenic diet at&nbsp; that...you know, or doing some sort of modified&nbsp;&nbsp; or cyclical form of it, whatever it&nbsp; is, versus supplementation as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, like how being in ketosis affects, you&nbsp; know, some aerobic versus anaerobic exercise. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I get asked that question&nbsp; more than any other question, I think.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, in animal models, when you put them on&nbsp; a ketogenic diet...I think one of the first&nbsp;&nbsp; studies we did published at the Alzheimer's&nbsp; Institute at USF, the Byrd Alzheimer's,&nbsp;&nbsp; we didn't see a big robust effect on amyloid-β&nbsp; and tau. But we started the intervention&nbsp;&nbsp; after the pathology kicks in in these mouse&nbsp; models, so double and triple knockout. Although&nbsp;&nbsp; I think Dr. Veach and Dr. Mark Mattson, maybe&nbsp; they did ketone ester or started earlier in&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic intervention. But in our study,&nbsp; we didn't see any like major changes in&nbsp;&nbsp; tau or amyloid, but the mice like ran faster. They&nbsp; ran like 30% longer and faster on the treadmill,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it was like remarkable. And I remember one&nbsp; of the PIs on the project, a very experienced&nbsp;&nbsp; Alzheimer's researcher was like, "Yeah,&nbsp; we've never seen anything like this."&nbsp;&nbsp; So that was an MCT supplemented ketogenic diet.&nbsp; We've done some research with ketone esters too. So performance, you know, in animal models, we&nbsp; see it in humans, the data is messy and it's hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sense of it. So my general opinion...my&nbsp; speculation is that ketones probably have a small&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on exercise performance in the context of&nbsp; aerobic performance. And in regards to strength&nbsp;&nbsp; performance, my ideas about that have been&nbsp; changing over the last couple weeks because&nbsp;&nbsp; we're giving ketone supplements to some CrossFit&nbsp; athletes, and they're breaking PRs. But I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it could be potentially a placebo effect. Since&nbsp; everyone...excluding one person out of dozens of&nbsp;&nbsp; people, I think there's maybe something more.&nbsp; But I think ketones with caffeine, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone salts with caffeine are a pretty powerful&nbsp; ergogenic aid. So I would loosely say that that's&nbsp;&nbsp; probably a performance-enhancing supplement, the&nbsp; combination of ketones caffeine and electrolytes. But I think where ketone shine is using exogenous&nbsp; ketones as a means to preserve performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; resilience in extreme environments. So that's in&nbsp; the context of hyperoxia. So that's what I study.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, of course, when you're not having a seizure&nbsp; and your neurological function is maintained and&nbsp;&nbsp; preserved in the context of extreme hyperoxia like&nbsp; three or four or five atmospheres of high-pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; oxygen, that's going to be advantageous. But on&nbsp; the other end of the spectrum is hypoxia, right?&nbsp;&nbsp; So a lot of people who are mountain climbing,&nbsp; running, cycling at hypoxia. We know&nbsp;&nbsp; if we put athletes on a treadmill or bike in&nbsp; a hypoxic environment and give them glucose,&nbsp;&nbsp; that the performance-enhancing effects of glucose&nbsp; are not observed in hypoxia, which is kind of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, interesting. Whereas it's also shown&nbsp; that there may be an inhibition under hypoxic&nbsp;&nbsp; environments of pyruvate dehydrogenase. There&nbsp; might be some PDH deficiency or some snag or&nbsp;&nbsp; bottleneck in the metabolic pathway associated&nbsp; with glycolytic energy production under hypoxia. And you would think that hypoxia...you know,&nbsp; chronically, it activates like HIF-1 alpha, and&nbsp;&nbsp; you have increase in glycolysis and transporters&nbsp; and things like that. But in the context of,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, exercise performance under hypoxia,&nbsp; carbohydrate supplements don't seem to help.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whereas there seems to be...and it was&nbsp; brought to my attention in a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; reviews and also serving on grant committees&nbsp; and stuff like that. There seems to be a&nbsp;&nbsp; good rationale for the use of ketones for&nbsp; fueling performance in a hypoxic environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that could be very strategic and beneficial&nbsp; in like a military setting or like a space,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, setting or altitude, you know, setting. My general feeling is that ketones have a small&nbsp; effect at increasing athletic performance. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there's only a few things that actually are&nbsp; powerful ergogenic aids. So we have caffeine.&nbsp;&nbsp; We have creatine monohydrate typically.&nbsp; There's other forms of creatine.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, beta-alanine kind of works&nbsp; pretty good. And a few other odds and ends,&nbsp;&nbsp; but, you know, there's just a pretty short list&nbsp; of ergogenic, you know, supplements out there.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do think that with time as we understand dosing&nbsp; and the application of specific types of ketones&nbsp;&nbsp; in certain settings that ketones will be added&nbsp; to that list, but I'm not sure it'll be in the&nbsp;&nbsp; top tier list. But I do think it would be in&nbsp; the top tier list under extreme environments. [Dr. Patrick]: What about swimmers or surfers? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think&nbsp; being in a state of ketosis could&nbsp;&nbsp; be beneficial from the context of like&nbsp; brain injury, inflammation, and maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; just, you know, the stress of being out,&nbsp; you know, in certain extreme environments,&nbsp;&nbsp; or when we're exercising too, we're overproducing&nbsp; oxygen-free radicals. And these impart an adaptive&nbsp;&nbsp; response to the muscle too. So there could be a&nbsp; benefit to increase oxidative stress. I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; real benefit of ketones are not...I'm talking&nbsp; about this in their response, and I think your&nbsp;&nbsp; question is in the response to an acute setting&nbsp; like consume ketones, go exercise, what happens. [Dr. Patrick]: Or be on a ketogenic diet. Yeah. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, where I think&nbsp; exogenous ketones will help...and when I&nbsp;&nbsp; was talking that they would be added to the&nbsp; shortlist of ergogenic aids is used chronically&nbsp;&nbsp; as an adaptive response. So when we exercise,&nbsp; a lot of bad things happen, if we pull blood,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's inflammation reactive oxygen&nbsp; species, things like that. If we use exogenous&nbsp;&nbsp; ketones chronically over time, I think it will&nbsp; help to facilitate the adaptive response to&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise over time, so suppressing inflammation or&nbsp; chronic inflammation, which would sort of enhance&nbsp;&nbsp; or augment adaptive responses to exercise over&nbsp; time. I think there's a good rationale for that,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the science is not there yet. But science is&nbsp; being done now. So like rodent studies are being&nbsp;&nbsp; done. I'm aware of a couple human clinical trials&nbsp; that are studying this. So, [crosstalk 01:23:16]. [Dr. Patrick]: And what about like doing a&nbsp; maximum effort like you're doing some kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; sprint? You know, because you do need... If you're&nbsp; going into a state where your mitochondria can't&nbsp;&nbsp; work hard enough to produce energy, you need&nbsp; glucose, right? If you take one of those big&nbsp;&nbsp; boluses of ketone ester, you drop your glucose,&nbsp; what's that going to do for your sprinting? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's a good point. So, one of&nbsp; the criticisms of the ketogenic diet was that it&nbsp;&nbsp; inhibits the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex. So,&nbsp; whenever we're doing carbohydrate restriction,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're limiting glucose availability but also&nbsp; lowering insulin. And by lowering insulin&nbsp;&nbsp; especially, that inhibits glycolytic enzymes&nbsp; like hexokinase. The transporter for glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; gets internalized into the cell if...you know,&nbsp; the glycolytic flux is essentially decreased. But&nbsp;&nbsp; I think if you follow a ketogenic diet where you&nbsp; intermittently add small amounts of carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; in, you can keep that PDH from being reduced. I've&nbsp; seen data to indicate that severe carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; restriction could decrease the production and the&nbsp; activity of PDH. This is actually what happens&nbsp;&nbsp; with Alzheimer's disease too. So, with Alzheimer's&nbsp; disease, it's pathophysiologically linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; impaired glucose metabolism. So if you&nbsp; do an FDG PET scan, the PET scan shows&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose hypometabolism in the brain scan. Ketones&nbsp; as an alternative energy substrate makes sense. In the context of, you know, athletes, you're kind&nbsp; of doing that with chronic ketosis. It decreases&nbsp;&nbsp; the glycolytic pathway, but your muscles and your&nbsp; heart and other tissues actually use fatty acids&nbsp;&nbsp; for a source of energy, the brain, not so much,&nbsp; right? And also, when you're on a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you're feeding ketones to the brain. So&nbsp; the brain's kind of like a different story.&nbsp;&nbsp; But I do think that it gets overblown. I&nbsp; think, you know, very severe carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; restriction will decrease PDH, and then&nbsp; that will impair exercise performance&nbsp;&nbsp; with maximum exertion anaerobic. It's really&nbsp; important that if you do a low carbohydrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have to train under those conditions.&nbsp; Do you know what I mean? You can't implement&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet or low carb and then train and&nbsp; expect to maintain the same performance. You have&nbsp;&nbsp; to put your body into that state of ketosis and&nbsp; then train very hard to induce those adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; to make it possible for your body to perform&nbsp; and maintain your performance in the context of&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin suppression and low glucose availability.&nbsp; So those adaptive processes will then&nbsp;&nbsp; come to benefit you come game time or performance&nbsp; time where you can then titrate the carbohydrates&nbsp;&nbsp; back in in small amounts. So this is&nbsp; just called metabolic flexibility, right? So, train low when your glucose is low and&nbsp; your insulin is low in a semi-fasted state,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that will induce metabolic adaptations, i.e.,&nbsp; metabolic flexibility that will then benefit you&nbsp;&nbsp; in the context of the actual event where&nbsp; you can add and titrate carbohydrates back&nbsp;&nbsp; in or mix fuels. Really, you want to be able to&nbsp; optimally use glucose, you know, fatty acids,&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate, ketone bodies,&nbsp; lactate too, which is an important fuel. One of the things that I used to take when&nbsp; I was mountain biking was Cytomax, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; alpha-L-polylactate, which is like lactate as an&nbsp; energy zone. My original interest in academia as a&nbsp;&nbsp; postdoctoral fellow was actually using lactate for&nbsp; brain injury like stroke and hypoxia. And I was&nbsp;&nbsp; tinkering around with that in a hippocampal brain&nbsp; slice preparation doing different measurements on&nbsp;&nbsp; that, and somehow I just got steered towards&nbsp; ketones. But I always wanted to revisit the&nbsp;&nbsp; lactate thing because, yeah, I think there's a&nbsp; lot that can be done in formulating more of a&nbsp;&nbsp; comprehensive multi-fuel delivery system for the&nbsp; brain. And lactate's been a bit under-appreciated&nbsp;&nbsp; and kind of stigmatized and criticized,&nbsp; but I think it's got a lot of potential. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Really, good info, Dom. You&nbsp; know, I've been reading some meta-analyses over&nbsp;&nbsp; the years about training in a fasted state versus&nbsp; fed state and how, you know, if you eat before,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, you go for a run or something, that,&nbsp; you know, a lot of the mitochondrial adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; can be blunted somewhat. And, of course, a lot of&nbsp; those studies are using high refined carbohydrate&nbsp;&nbsp; like some toast with jam, you know, where... And&nbsp; I've always wondered like, you know, what... And&nbsp;&nbsp; there is like sort of a cut-off where if&nbsp; you're training in a fasted state for longer&nbsp;&nbsp; than an hour, you're going to have performance&nbsp; drop off, right? I've often wondered like if&nbsp;&nbsp; these studies were done using a more modified&nbsp; Atkins diet or some form of a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; those mitochondrial adaptations that are being&nbsp; blunted somewhat with, you know, a high refined&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrate fuel intake prior to exercise,&nbsp; I'd wondered, maybe that wouldn't happen. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I think it comes down&nbsp; to like nutrient sensing, right? I mean, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole thing going back to autophagy and like,&nbsp; you know...and just entering a state of ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; that if we're in a state where like AMP kinase is&nbsp; high, like M2 is low, you know, insulin is low,&nbsp;&nbsp; that whole pathway is low, when you exercise&nbsp; in that state, it may not optimize performance,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it will optimize the adaptations that could&nbsp; serve you later on for performance. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes time to... You might want to train&nbsp; sort of in a fasted state to induce adaptations&nbsp;&nbsp; and then tinker around with different fuel sources&nbsp; periodically to see if you could further augment&nbsp;&nbsp; your performance, you know. That's why we need&nbsp; to really periodize our training under certain...&nbsp;&nbsp; There's, you know, training to force adaptations&nbsp; and then there's sort of game day nutrition,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is going to be a little bit&nbsp; different than training nutrition&nbsp;&nbsp; if we want to force that...you know,&nbsp; if we want to maximize our performance. But one thing you don't want to do is actually&nbsp; radically switch your dietary approach or&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement approach just prior to...you know,&nbsp; you don't want to train for an event and be like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, I want to start slamming, you know, MCTs&nbsp; and ketone esters and stuff on game day." No,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to experiment with it very methodically,&nbsp; you know, before you do that. I do believe that&nbsp;&nbsp; the health benefits are really important&nbsp; when it comes to exercise, you know, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then...not only the health benefits, but I&nbsp; think you're going to get more adaptation&nbsp;&nbsp; in regard to...maybe not so much for powerlifting&nbsp; and strength training and things like that,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think for aerobic performance and&nbsp; just cardiovascular benefits and just&nbsp;&nbsp; actually benefiting at the level of the skeletal&nbsp; muscle and the nervous system too benefits. [Dr. Patrick]: So speaking of the nervous system,&nbsp; this is one area where in my opinion ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diets really shine. What has thoroughly&nbsp; convinced me is, you know, just the overwhelming&nbsp;&nbsp; evidence that you've talked about with the effects&nbsp; on the brain and epilepsy and other types of brain&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders but also some of the preclinical studies&nbsp; that have come out of our mutual friend Dr. Eric&nbsp;&nbsp; Verdin, and I know John Ramsey also did some&nbsp; publications where they fed mice. In the case&nbsp;&nbsp; of Dr. Verdin's study, midlife, they started a&nbsp; cyclical ketogenic diet. And I'd love to get your&nbsp;&nbsp; thoughts on why...he said the reason they did&nbsp; it was because the mice were overeating, which&nbsp;&nbsp; I found to be interesting because I've always&nbsp; been satiated on a ketogenic diet. But anyways. [Dr. D'Agostino]: A lot of&nbsp; nuance Eric [crosstalk 01:31:32]. [Dr. Patrick]: Yes. Let's get into that.&nbsp; But also the thing that was so striking,&nbsp;&nbsp; and you know much more about the details of these&nbsp; studies than I do, but the effects. I mean, their&nbsp;&nbsp; health span was improved. So their median lifespan&nbsp; was improved. They were dying less earlier, but&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum lifespan I guess wasn't affected. But the&nbsp; effects on the brain and cognition like he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, that these...the older mice&nbsp; had better cognition than younger mice.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when he said that, I mean, I&nbsp; was, you know, like that's really. [Dr. D'Agostino]:&nbsp;&nbsp; Things are magnified in rodents. So I'll say&nbsp; as far...and especially [crosstalk 01:32:10] [Dr. Patrick]: Yes. So my question is, do you&nbsp; think this is going to translate to humans? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Rodent model studies&nbsp; are in very, very informative, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanistically, not always predictive. Some of&nbsp; the nuances is that there's different strains&nbsp;&nbsp; of rodents that will overeat ketogenic diets. Like&nbsp; early studies before, some colleagues were feeding&nbsp;&nbsp; it and said, "This is not gonna work. They're&nbsp; hoarding the food. They're eating. They're getting&nbsp;&nbsp; blown up." There's like this is obesogenic, you&nbsp; know. So the high fat... There's a lot of high-fat&nbsp;&nbsp; diet research that detractors of ketogenic diet&nbsp; will point to and say, "This diet is...you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; causes all these bad things." But that's a&nbsp; westernized obesogenic high-fat diet. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what Dr. Verdin used and Ramsey...so they did&nbsp; actually the study that I really wanted to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they probably did it better than I could&nbsp; ever do. They have really great molecular&nbsp;&nbsp; tools and everything, and they did it in a very&nbsp; clever way. From my understanding, they did...&nbsp;&nbsp; And the results were to be expected. You know,&nbsp; I think the results are what I would expect. So my understanding is that they did the cyclic&nbsp; ketogenic diet because, yeah, they didn't want&nbsp;&nbsp; them to gain weight, which could negate. So, I&nbsp; have to look to see what animal model they used,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the C57BL/6 mice will eat a ton of the&nbsp; ketogenic diet food, and they don't gain weight.&nbsp;&nbsp; Whereas other...depending upon the strain. And&nbsp; then we have the VMDk mice that we use for our&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer research, and they tend to... It corrects&nbsp; their eating behavior, meaning that if you give&nbsp;&nbsp; them a standard diet, ad libitum, they just gain&nbsp; weight like a couch potato. But a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; they will lose weight and everything improves. So&nbsp; they're like the other end. The C57BL/6 are kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of like athlete mice, I think, where the other&nbsp; models are more like sedentary mice. They are not&nbsp;&nbsp; as active. But what we found... I have to&nbsp; look exactly at the feeding protocol. But when&nbsp;&nbsp; we did a little bit of calorie restriction...our&nbsp; calorie restriction is just putting, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; 5 or 6 grams of food into it every day,&nbsp; and then they eat it within an hour,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then they essentially fast for 23 hours. [Dr. Patrick]: [crosstalk 01:34:30]. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So it's kind of more like...&nbsp; But you have to individually house the animals,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, you know, sometimes if you house them&nbsp; together, they'll start, like, fighting and eating&nbsp;&nbsp; each other because they're kind of hungry. But&nbsp; one thing that we saw very consistently early on&nbsp;&nbsp; is that a mild amount of calorie restriction makes&nbsp; these mice like super mice. Like they become...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, they're thinking faster. They are really&nbsp; thriving in the context of a calorie deficit,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think that goes back to human evolution&nbsp; too. So, we survive today because we undoubtedly&nbsp;&nbsp; experience food scarcity and limited food&nbsp; availability, and in the context of being hungry,&nbsp;&nbsp; that enhanced our cognition and even exercise&nbsp; performance to be able to acquire resources,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? So the same thing I think is&nbsp; happening in their mice, and it could be... I have to look at the weights of the mice, but&nbsp; a lot of it's kind of like weight dependent and&nbsp;&nbsp; producing that energy deficit. But you just get&nbsp; a whole plethora of things to happen in regards&nbsp;&nbsp; to suppressing age-related chronic diseases&nbsp; with just a little bit of dietary restriction&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to unmask this probably because,&nbsp; with a standard rodent chow-fed ad libitum,&nbsp;&nbsp; they overeat, and it just basically fuels&nbsp; metabolic derangement that contributes to&nbsp;&nbsp; early-onset age-related chronic diseases and&nbsp; also the formation of spontaneous tumors.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think in their studies maybe with both&nbsp; or at least one...maybe both studies showed&nbsp;&nbsp; a suppression of spontaneous tumors too.&nbsp; So, this has major implications, I think. We're very interested in actually taking animal&nbsp; models that have inducible tumors, for example,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, various genes that will kick on at&nbsp; 200 days and then form spontaneous tumors or a&nbsp;&nbsp; melanoma model where you subject to UV radiation.&nbsp; And if they're fed a ketogenic diet, can you&nbsp;&nbsp; suppress that? People don't do these studies&nbsp; because the NIH doesn't really fund like cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; prevention research. I feel like these are the&nbsp; most important studies that need to be done. You&nbsp;&nbsp; put a variety of different rodent strains under&nbsp; different conditions that are known to like induce&nbsp;&nbsp; tumors, and you feed them, you know, a low carb&nbsp; diet or ketogenic diet that you could actually&nbsp;&nbsp; feasibly maintain and do. And you see if you could&nbsp; suppress these spontaneous tumors. But that's what&nbsp;&nbsp; they did in this experiment, and they showed, like&nbsp; you said, an enhancement of cognitive and learning&nbsp;&nbsp; ability relative. The older mice learned better&nbsp; than the younger mice [inaudible 01:37:09]. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I know in John Ramsey's&nbsp;&nbsp; publication. Dr. Verdin mentioned also in the&nbsp; podcast when we had him on a few years ago that&nbsp;&nbsp; they had a time-restricted feeding aspect&nbsp; to it because they were feeding the animals&nbsp;&nbsp; proportions of very specific proportions.&nbsp; They were only given their food, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; when the people...the scientists were going&nbsp; there into the house and giving them the food.&nbsp;&nbsp; So they had this sort of dietary restriction&nbsp; component to it. Whereas Verdin's they were ad&nbsp;&nbsp; libitum. They were cyclic. They were going on the&nbsp; cyclic ketogenic diet. And Ramsey's data was more&nbsp;&nbsp; pronounced, like you mentioned, the combination&nbsp; of the dietary restriction plus ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; seems to be like secret sauce in a&nbsp; way. But, you know, to me, it was... And again, like you said, you know, the animal&nbsp; rodent research isn't necessarily predictive of&nbsp;&nbsp; what's going to be, you know, occurring in humans,&nbsp; but it certainly is promising in my opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp; It got me very interested in it and, you know,&nbsp; I've got nerve degenerative diseases on both&nbsp;&nbsp; sides of my family, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's.&nbsp; So I'm very interested in, you know, any types of&nbsp;&nbsp; lifestyle... And I also have genetic factors there&nbsp; at play as well. I'm certainly very interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; any sort of lifestyle factors that can mitigate&nbsp; that genetic risk, which as we know there are many&nbsp;&nbsp; things that you can do in your lifestyle that can&nbsp; help. Doing some sort of modified ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; cyclical maybe, you know, because it is for me&nbsp; hard to sustainably do it all the time, you know. [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's where intermittent&nbsp; fasting kind of comes in too because people&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to tinker around with their... I mean,&nbsp; the foods that we eat are super important just&nbsp;&nbsp; like eliminating processed sugar, carbs, things&nbsp; like that. That's going to move the needle, like,&nbsp;&nbsp; quite a bit. But there are some people that I know&nbsp; like family member and [inaudible 01:39:08] There&nbsp;&nbsp; are just some people who are not going&nbsp; to count carbs even to do that. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is just not going to happen. But eating&nbsp; within a predetermined time window is pretty easy&nbsp;&nbsp; for...that's like a good introduction. Once you&nbsp; start doing that, then you start realizing how&nbsp;&nbsp; good you feel in this mild state of ketosis. And&nbsp; then you start maybe...that becomes the entry&nbsp;&nbsp; point to where you start manipulating your&nbsp; food and your macros and things like that. [Dr. Patrick]: So what happened with me totally&nbsp; in that very order. I mean, I'd practice a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of time-restricted eating and started to&nbsp; notice in the mornings with stuff. It was like&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm just so much sharper and my anxiety was a&nbsp; little bit lower, you know, believe it or not,&nbsp;&nbsp; while I was not eating. So I decided to experiment&nbsp; with ketogenic diet, and while I did do it,&nbsp;&nbsp; as you mentioned earlier in this podcast, one of&nbsp; the most pronounced things I noticed, and this is&nbsp;&nbsp; totally subjective, was my anxiety level was so&nbsp; much lower. I mean, very noticeably. I'm somewhat&nbsp;&nbsp; of an...I mean, I've got some anxiety, you&nbsp; know, that can kind of kick in, and that was... [Dr. D'Agostino]: High performers&nbsp; are like that though. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; like pretty much [crosstalk 01:40:17] personality.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah, sure. And then you leverage that&nbsp; into productivity. Yeah, I think. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I felt like&nbsp; it was very noticeable for me&nbsp;&nbsp; with the anxiety. And then, you know, it's&nbsp; like that feeds into if it's affecting anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; what else in the brain is it affecting, you know,&nbsp; cognition wise? You know, if you're anxious,&nbsp;&nbsp; it does sort of limit cognition in a way. It can&nbsp; kind of like, you know, distract you and so... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And you did this back like in&nbsp; grad school you started doing this? I started&nbsp;&nbsp; doing it. Like before big talks, I would chew&nbsp; on a propranolol and hold it to get like a&nbsp;&nbsp; beta-blocker. I like needed this when I was like&nbsp; in grad school I think in my early...And then I&nbsp;&nbsp; realized as I think I got into my postdoc&nbsp; and I started tinkering with intermittent&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting at first and then just carb, I was&nbsp; like, "Wow, this is how I feel," you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially when I kind of dieted and brought my&nbsp; weight down a little bit, it's like, "Wow, I just&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like super calm." It's like, "I can't even&nbsp; get anxious under certain conditions." So, it... [Dr. Patrick]: Well, I didn't do a ketogenic diet. [Dr. D'Agostino] ...like a&nbsp; nootropic, it almost too. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Well, I didn't do the&nbsp; ketogenic diet until of recent. Like this was like&nbsp;&nbsp; last summer. But caloric restriction, I used to&nbsp; do a lot of that combined with exercise as well.&nbsp;&nbsp; So I was kind of like...I was getting in&nbsp; ketosis, you know, without having to do... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Exercising ketosis. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. I mean, I was running...this&nbsp; was like even before grad school but like early&nbsp;&nbsp; in grad school. I was running like 10 miles&nbsp; a day, and I was doing that like four to five&nbsp;&nbsp; times a week. So I was running [inaudible&nbsp; 01:41:47]. I had gone almost to an extreme&nbsp;&nbsp; too where it was like I changed my menstrual&nbsp; cycle where I wasn't getting it, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; because I was very active. I was doing a lot&nbsp; of caloric restriction. I felt great. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; I really did. That was actually a long time&nbsp; ago, and it wasn't until like sort of...my&nbsp;&nbsp; time-restricted eating when I had Sachin&nbsp; [SP] on the podcast back in 2015, I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's when I really got hardcore about trying&nbsp; to like time my timing with my food intake and&nbsp;&nbsp; following that really, you know, obsessively&nbsp; for the last, you know... has it been like&nbsp;&nbsp; six or seven years? That's really helped.&nbsp; But the ketogenic diet was also unique. I&nbsp;&nbsp; do want to sort of incorporate that into my...&nbsp; I want to do some kind of cyclical version of&nbsp;&nbsp; it. I really want to and I want to, you know,&nbsp; measure my biomarkers and all that, which I... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And do them together. [Dr. Patrick]: And do them together. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So you're still&nbsp; going to do intermittent fasting. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. And do them&nbsp; together, you know, as well. [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's the key. Like&nbsp; people think it's one or the other, whatever,&nbsp;&nbsp; but low carb intermittent fasting, so just a&nbsp; modified. Low carb intermittent fasting probably&nbsp;&nbsp; has more benefits than chronic ketosis, eating&nbsp; like throughout the day I think for a normal&nbsp;&nbsp; healthy person. And maybe even therapeutically for&nbsp; managing...because I'm communicating with adults&nbsp;&nbsp; that have epilepsy and they're following ketogenic&nbsp; diet. They breakthrough seizures. But then they&nbsp;&nbsp; take the same diet, same calories, and then do&nbsp; an intermittent... And this is not promoted in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world of epilepsy, but when they take their&nbsp; ketogenic diet where they're having breakthrough&nbsp;&nbsp; seizures and they implement time-restricted&nbsp; feeding, then they get seizure control again. And I think the people in the trenches know this.&nbsp; Like the neurological teams and dietitians, they&nbsp;&nbsp; realize, "Hey, well, if you can do this." It's not&nbsp; part of the medical literature, but they know this&nbsp;&nbsp; intuitively just because of the information&nbsp; people are putting out, all the information&nbsp;&nbsp; on intermittent fasting. You know, Mark Mattson&nbsp; has been studying this stuff since the '90s, and&nbsp;&nbsp; I first stumbled upon his stuff in grad school.&nbsp; And I always kept his papers with me. I was like&nbsp;&nbsp; showing people. I was like, "Look at this. Why&nbsp; don't people looking at this research? It's like&nbsp;&nbsp; so important." I haven't read his book yet, but&nbsp; he has a new book out to it. [crosstalk 01:44:01]. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah, he does. Yeah, we have... [Dr. D'Agostino]: He inspired me. I think that's&nbsp; how I got inspired into the ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was looking at the calorie&nbsp; restriction and then fasting,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that led me to ketones. But&nbsp; it was Mattson actually that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; sparked my fire, and then that led&nbsp; me to some of the ketone researchers. [Dr. Patrick]: I asked Mark this question when&nbsp; he was on the podcast, and I'll kind of ask it&nbsp;&nbsp; to you in reverse. And that is...you've&nbsp; already sort of touched on it, but like&nbsp;&nbsp; what do you think the overlap between being on&nbsp; a ketogenic diet...a modified ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is with intermittent fasting, whether&nbsp; we're talking about these epigenetic&nbsp;&nbsp; changes with beta-hydroxybutyrate being an&nbsp; epigenetic modulator, a signaling molecule,&nbsp;&nbsp; autophagy's one that I'm&nbsp; very interested in as well? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Two things in my mind,&nbsp; insulin and insulin signaling like IGF-1,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, activation of AMP kinase, IGF-1, mTOR,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also the ketones as a drug-like mediator on&nbsp; not only alternative energy substrate but also as&nbsp;&nbsp; a drug-like mediator for all these different&nbsp; things like suppression of inflammation,&nbsp;&nbsp; activating epigenetic effects, and things&nbsp; like BDNF, which I think I... You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; Mattson's work actually showed that many of the&nbsp; benefits of intermittent fasting were associated&nbsp;&nbsp; with beta-hydroxybutyrate-induced growth factor&nbsp; effects on like BDNF and things like that. So I&nbsp;&nbsp; see there's the hormonal effects of intermittent&nbsp; fasting are replicated with the ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then the hyperketonemia that's associated&nbsp; with intermittent fasting in the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; then have their own effects through&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that's two main things, but there's a whole...it's&nbsp; pleiotropic, right? So the ketogenic diet. I've given talks to pharmaceutical companies&nbsp; where I go there and they say, "Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's key in on the mechanisms that we can sort&nbsp; of drugify," right? But the end summary slide&nbsp;&nbsp; is like a dozen or more mechanisms, and there's&nbsp; probably many more that are all sort of working in&nbsp;&nbsp; synergy. And I think that becomes the reason why&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works when drugs fail because&nbsp;&nbsp; you have drugs work through a GABAergic mechanism,&nbsp; these drugs work through suppressing glutamate.&nbsp;&nbsp; You have a variety of anti-epileptic drugs&nbsp; that work through different pathways, but&nbsp;&nbsp; combinations of them used in high dose&nbsp; often work initially then they fail,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then patients are put on a ketogenic diet&nbsp; and it works. So the ketogenic diet is working&nbsp;&nbsp; through a mechanism independent of what we&nbsp; know these pharmaceutical drugs are working.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that becomes...you know, the complexity&nbsp; of metabolism is very...it's like daunting,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? And to key in on something that's&nbsp; really having... And it could be depending... The etiology of epilepsy is largely unknown, and&nbsp; the ketogenic diet seems to work through all these&nbsp;&nbsp; different types of epilepsy, whether it's like&nbsp; tonic-clonic, there's Dravet syndrome, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; different metabolic disorders, absence seizures.&nbsp; And the ketogenic diet seems to work across all&nbsp;&nbsp; these different seizure types probably because&nbsp; working through all these different mechanisms. [Dr. Patrick]: What do you&nbsp; think about a ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; for the treatment of neurodegenerative disorders&nbsp; like Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease? [Dr. D'Agostino]: I think there are different&nbsp; subtypes of Alzheimer's disease. Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think the etiology of Alzheimer's is complex,&nbsp; and there is probably a metabolic phenotype that&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. Bredesen talks about like in his book. And I&nbsp; think that phenotype would be very responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet where, I don't know, you would&nbsp; potentially screen for these patients by doing an&nbsp;&nbsp; FTG-PET scan. And if you see, you know, there's&nbsp; like brain atrophy, but if you see a dim PET scan,&nbsp;&nbsp; then a metabolic intervention may be&nbsp; a good, you know, approach for that. But I can tell you just by communicating&nbsp; with hundreds of patients over the years,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet works remarkably well for&nbsp; some patients and has no effect on others.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think it's ever hurt or decreased&nbsp; anyone's cognitive, you know, capacity or&nbsp;&nbsp; anything that I'm aware of. I get biased feedback&nbsp; and people are telling me that it's working,&nbsp;&nbsp; but, you know, I've seen it not work too. Dr. Mary&nbsp; Newport was one of the people that really inspired&nbsp;&nbsp; me in the beginning. I actually brought her to&nbsp; University of South Florida, and she actually&nbsp;&nbsp; gave a lecture. She used to lecture for some of&nbsp; my classes. And at the time...the early times she&nbsp;&nbsp; would bring her husband, Steve. So I don't know&nbsp; if you know that there was a case report written&nbsp;&nbsp; on the use of beta-hydroxybutyrate ester as a&nbsp; therapy. And this case report was her husband. And I witnessed that her husband...she had many&nbsp; more years, well, you know, years maybe like&nbsp;&nbsp; five or six years just from an outsider looking&nbsp; in. It seemed like she had that amount of time&nbsp;&nbsp; extra with her husband to spend because of&nbsp; the ketogenic intervention. The early part,&nbsp;&nbsp; it was just coconut oil, and then she realized&nbsp; that coconut oil had medium-chain triglycerides&nbsp;&nbsp; and then found the patent by Accera,&nbsp; AC-1202. And the active ingredient was&nbsp;&nbsp; caprylic triglycerides. So she went out and bought&nbsp; MCTs and then had an effect, but then learned&nbsp;&nbsp; about the ketone ester and the ketogenic diet and&nbsp; was administering that, and that was helping him. When 2009 she was a guest speaker in my class&nbsp; and then we went out to eat, and her husband was&nbsp;&nbsp; shaking with Parkinson's disease-like symptoms,&nbsp; he had Alzheimer's disease. And then he had a vial&nbsp;&nbsp; of MCT and coconut oil. And when he consumed&nbsp; that, within about 15 to 20 minutes the tremor&nbsp;&nbsp; stopped and he became animated and was commenting&nbsp; on our conversation. So when I saw this in 2009,&nbsp;&nbsp; I realized that he was not really...it wasn't the&nbsp; food he was eating. He consumed that supplement,&nbsp;&nbsp; it elevated MCTs in his blood, which&nbsp; can also cross the blood-brain barrier&nbsp;&nbsp; but produce a state of hyperketonemia, and that&nbsp; acutely stopped the tremors he was having and&nbsp;&nbsp; he became more animated. And that was... Being in contact with her and seeing this and&nbsp; witnessing it and also seeing his clock test&nbsp;&nbsp; and Mini-Mental Status Exam or State Exam&nbsp;&nbsp; convinced me to go in that direction for&nbsp; my research. So there's no doubt he was&nbsp;&nbsp; a metabolic phenotype, but he was also APOE4&nbsp; positive, so which is very interesting, right,&nbsp;&nbsp; because we talked about, you know, different&nbsp; dietary interventions. So there was no doubt. In the study of Accera in AC-1202, the APOE4&nbsp; phenotypes were the ones that were not responsive&nbsp;&nbsp; to hyperketonemia, but he's APOE4...and he&nbsp; was responsive, and I saw it with my own eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that motivated me. Actually, the first&nbsp; study that we did was an Alzheimer's mouse study&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Alzheimer's Center. And then I developed&nbsp; the ketone ester because the funding agency&nbsp;&nbsp; did not want to look at the diet per se. So we&nbsp; focus on the ester later in the seizure studies. [Dr. Patrick]: It seems like, you know, in&nbsp; particular with some of these neurodegenerative&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders like Parkinson's disease, I mean,&nbsp; you mentioned the tremor that, you know, the&nbsp;&nbsp; standard care of treatment, you know, like&nbsp; carbidopa-levodopa [SP], there's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; terrible side effects with time. And if there&nbsp; was another possible either adjunct treatment or&nbsp;&nbsp; alternative in some way or something, that it&nbsp; should really be explored more. For example, if&nbsp;&nbsp; you could. I mean, ketogenic diets are so widely&nbsp; accepted now for epilepsy. Like what about some of&nbsp;&nbsp; these other brain disorders? Is there any movement&nbsp; in research to kind of push to our understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; of whether or not ketosis is going to be&nbsp; beneficial for other types of brain disorders?. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. It's so much&nbsp; easier to do a ketone supplement as&nbsp;&nbsp; opposed to a ketogenic diet for a...randomized&nbsp; controlled clinical trial is very hard with&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet, right? But with a supplement,&nbsp; you can have a control, you can do things. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think those studies are happening, and we&nbsp; know that, you know, just by virtue of the&nbsp;&nbsp; ketogenic diet altering brain metabolism, brain&nbsp; pharmacology, we know...I mean, I observe early&nbsp;&nbsp; on that this is going to be important for many&nbsp; different neurological disorders and cancer too. So, that's why we got steered towards, you know...&nbsp; So I didn't want to initially, you know, study&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer, but the data was so compelling that we&nbsp; should at least test this. And it became a whole&nbsp;&nbsp; another track in my research, you know, that we're&nbsp; doing in the lab. I think we are, but it's slower&nbsp;&nbsp; to go in that direction. And we really do need&nbsp; clinical trials before we can start prescribing&nbsp;&nbsp; these things to people, the ketogenic diets or&nbsp; the supplements. I mean, that's happening now. But there's groups of people&nbsp; getting together...you&nbsp;&nbsp; know, there's a group that I'm involved in&nbsp; that's associated with metabolic psychiatry,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they are looking at dietary interventions&nbsp; for a broad range of psychiatric disorders. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be depression, that could be bipolar.&nbsp; Even eating disorders like anorexia is under the&nbsp;&nbsp; umbrella of a psychiatric disorder. So there's a&nbsp; lot of potential interventions there. And there's&nbsp;&nbsp; clinical trials, but the data is not there yet&nbsp; to, you know, be able to prescribe this to that. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, people are out there&nbsp; experimenting with ketogenic diets. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone supplements that you can buy on Amazon.&nbsp; There's a certain element of, you know, there are&nbsp;&nbsp; families out there that are wanting to&nbsp; try different lifestyle, dietary changes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Talking to their physician about them&nbsp; is, you know, obviously recommended,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I mean, they're doing it, they're trying them.&nbsp; And I can tell you like so my mother has...she has&nbsp;&nbsp; the different types of tremors, essential tremor,&nbsp; she's got orthostatic tremor, she also gets&nbsp;&nbsp; migraines. And she did do the ketogenic diet with&nbsp; me. Somewhat she like cheated a lot more than I&nbsp;&nbsp; did. But I also have given her ketone supplements,&nbsp; and it's noticeable. And it's the reason why she&nbsp;&nbsp; even tried to...was wanting to try the ketogenic&nbsp; diet because she's very much addicted to refined&nbsp;&nbsp; carbohydrates. But it, I mean, noticeably stops&nbsp; her essential tremor and somewhat her orthostatic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is her legs when she stands still, but&nbsp; noticeably the essential tremor and the migraines. And this is totally anecdotal. So I'd love to&nbsp; hear your thoughts on it. She will take a ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplement. Ester has worked for her and ketone&nbsp; salts. So she's done the Ketostart, and it totally&nbsp;&nbsp; takes away her migraine, which is phenomenal&nbsp; because I'm not a big fan of the migraine&nbsp;&nbsp; medicine that she used to take. But she gets&nbsp; migraines that are debilitating. Like she can't... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Oh, yeah, good&nbsp; rationale for migraines. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah, I get, I mean, a lot of&nbsp; emails about that. I try...because&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a researcher, I go in the other direction and&nbsp; try not to oversell it as much as I can because... [Dr. Patrick]: Totally. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah, I mean, that's just not&nbsp; very academic. So, I get so much feedback and I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; so excited. I want to cut and paste things and&nbsp; put it on social media about responses because&nbsp;&nbsp; people even send blood work or test results or&nbsp; their doctor. But I'm very cautious to do that&nbsp;&nbsp; because I know the power of placebo, I know the&nbsp; power but... I know what I saw years ago. The&nbsp;&nbsp; stopping of tremors and becoming animated was not&nbsp; placebo because the patient at the time didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; really know that he was...what he was taking,&nbsp; really. I mean, he was pretty far advanced. But in regards to migraines, a Ph.D. student by&nbsp; the name of Dr. Elena Gross. So we wrote a review&nbsp;&nbsp; together, which kind of highlighted many of the&nbsp; benefits associated with migraines. So she was a&nbsp;&nbsp; person who had crushing migraines and discovered&nbsp; that the ketogenic diet and then later ketone&nbsp;&nbsp; supplements could recapitulate that and actually&nbsp; help to manage her chronic migraines that she had.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it was likely just like the ketogenic diet&nbsp; for epilepsy is working through multi-modal&nbsp;&nbsp; mechanisms, so by probably increased&nbsp; GABAergic tone, increase brain blood flow. Some people get migraines because of like an&nbsp; increase in blood flow in some people because of&nbsp;&nbsp; vasoconstriction. And we know that the ketogenic&nbsp; diet and exogenous ketones increase adenosine.&nbsp;&nbsp; And from our metabolomic data, adenosine, I&nbsp; was not really interested in it at the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; was like many fold higher&nbsp; relative...it was a thing that was&nbsp;&nbsp; really hot on our metabolomics data. I was like,&nbsp; "Oh, this is very interesting." So, I recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; adenosine as a very powerful vasodilator&nbsp; for cardiovascular, you know, physiology. So, when you fast or even when you go&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet, when you fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; blood flow to the brain can increase by 30%.&nbsp; So it's an acute. You can acutely elevate it&nbsp;&nbsp; and probably through this adenosinergic&nbsp; mechanism. So there's adenosine,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's probably dramatic effects&nbsp; on brain blood flow, on, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; neurotransmitter systems, energy systems. And&nbsp; also neural inflammation can trigger a seizure. I don't like to go to anecdotal evidence but I&nbsp; have...a lot of people will contact me that have&nbsp;&nbsp; like herpes simplex or shingles or different&nbsp; things where the virus like attacks their body,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the first sign that they get is like a&nbsp; crushing headache. And then they get like&nbsp;&nbsp; full-body inflammation, and then they&nbsp; get like sores if it's like shingles&nbsp;&nbsp; or something like that. And they'll&nbsp; start fasting or they'll acutely use&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone esters or ketone salts. Actually, they've&nbsp; been using...I've been recommending it and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like, "Okay, please, give me...you know,&nbsp; give me feedback." And I've been giving them&nbsp;&nbsp; recommendations or not recommendations. I've been&nbsp; suggesting this as a potential way to mitigate the&nbsp;&nbsp; inflammatory cascade, and the feedback has been&nbsp; pretty remarkable that they can basically stop,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, an episode from...you know,&nbsp; like shingles or herpes simplex. And the same thing happens. They get crushing&nbsp; headaches, and then usually, that's a sign that&nbsp;&nbsp; the virus is starting to shed, and it produces,&nbsp; you know, changes in the brain. Systemic&nbsp;&nbsp; inflammation contributes to neuroinflammation,&nbsp; which contributes to the headache, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; usually you get the cascade kind of after&nbsp; that. So, it has worked through a variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of different people, and people get headaches for&nbsp; different reasons. So I think it's kind of like&nbsp;&nbsp; Alzheimer's where you're going to get...you know,&nbsp; a certain phenotype will be more responsive to... And I probably should mention&nbsp; that there's products on Amazon&nbsp;&nbsp; that people are using, ketone salts, where&nbsp; they take it and it gives them a headache.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think I've taken some of these because, you&nbsp; know, I try to test as many things as possible,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there are supplements out there,&nbsp; quite popular ones, where I consume it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then I just get like a headache...almost&nbsp; like a caffeine headache or something like that&nbsp;&nbsp; after that. That's a very reliable sign that&nbsp; there's something wrong with that supplement. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're getting headaches from supplements,&nbsp; and I've gotten quite a few emails about this,&nbsp;&nbsp; so I know there's listeners out there listening&nbsp; to this, I would say change the ketone supplement&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're taking. And it could be the&nbsp; electrolytes, it could be contaminants,&nbsp;&nbsp; purity, potency, tolerability, gut issues. If&nbsp; it disrupts your gut, that could contribute&nbsp;&nbsp; to a headache. But I am firmly of the opinion that&nbsp; ketogenic diet and fasting. Fasting was also used&nbsp;&nbsp; for headaches. So ketogenic diets, fasting, and&nbsp; exogenous ketones can be used to manage migraines. [Dr. Patrick]: The other area that kind of is&nbsp; interesting and leads into the carnivore thing,&nbsp;&nbsp; we mentioned it earlier, and it&nbsp; is an interest of mine as well,&nbsp;&nbsp; is autoimmune disease. And I know there's been&nbsp; some preliminary evidence...well, last I checked.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe there's been more since then. So I haven't&nbsp; done a ton of reading on that, but with ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diets actually helping with autoimmune disease.&nbsp; I know there's been also a lot of work with&nbsp;&nbsp; intermittent fasting, fasting-mimicking diets&nbsp; helping with autoimmune disease. And so there,&nbsp;&nbsp; again, might be some overlap with ketosis&nbsp; from either a ketogenic diet or fasting&nbsp;&nbsp; helping with a variety of types of autoimmune&nbsp; disorders. I mean, I know you're not...you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not going to say ketogenic diets are&nbsp; going to help with autoimmune disease.&nbsp;&nbsp; It seems like a promising area&nbsp; to continue to research as well. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. There's a couple... I&nbsp; was just teaching one of my classes. Yeah. So&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a couple studies on MS and other, of&nbsp; course, GI-associated autoimmune, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; disorders. And I'm not an immunologist. I mean,&nbsp; we do some work, you know, in measuring, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; immune factors like cytokines and chemokines and&nbsp; things like that. I can say that we know that&nbsp;&nbsp; dietary interventions...nutritional interventions&nbsp; can be powerful modulators of the immune system.&nbsp;&nbsp; And in some cases, a hypersensitive&nbsp; immune system will contribute to&nbsp;&nbsp; increased intestinal permeability. So intestinal&nbsp; hyper-reactivity is an immune response,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that intestinal hyper-reactivity will always&nbsp; lead to intestinal permeability, which can lead to&nbsp;&nbsp; impairing...you know, exacerbating an autoimmune&nbsp; condition. So I think dietary interventions are&nbsp;&nbsp; working through that way too and maybe suppressing&nbsp; some of the inflammatory mediators, IL-6,&nbsp;&nbsp; IL-1beta, TNF alpha, things like that. So, the&nbsp; ketogenic diet interesting can also augment the&nbsp;&nbsp; immune system in ways that makes it hyper-vigilant&nbsp; and being able to detect things like cancer cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? The ketogenic diet enhances the anti-cancer&nbsp; immunity of people that are following it. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, really? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. So, a&nbsp; colleague of mine, Dr. Adrienne Scheck,&nbsp;&nbsp; did research with a glioblastoma cell&nbsp; line showing enhanced cancer-specific&nbsp;&nbsp; immune regulation, you know, with a dietary&nbsp; intervention. She was also using radiation.&nbsp;&nbsp; And also I think it needs to be appreciated&nbsp; that there's a lot of people who are against&nbsp;&nbsp; the standard of care, but I think the standard&nbsp; of care in the context of the ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; is a much more synergistic approach. So, when&nbsp; you give radiation, when you give chemotherapy,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's stimulating autophagy and it's&nbsp; stimulating tumor lysis syndrome.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you're actually like breaking down...you have&nbsp; bits of tumor that are entering circulation. And it's not really talked about. I always think&nbsp; about it in this way, when you give someone chemo,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's killing cancer cells, and then you're&nbsp; stimulating autophagy and tumor lysis syndrome,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then that's stimulating the immune system.&nbsp; So, you know, I think chemotherapy, in general,&nbsp;&nbsp; is carcinogenic, it's bad, but it's also&nbsp; stimulating the immune system to then&nbsp;&nbsp; attack the cancer cell. In the context of a&nbsp; ketogenic diet, that a ketogenic diet, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; if it's calorie restricting, is stimulating&nbsp; cancer, it's putting metabolic stress on cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; cells and actually stimulating autophagy sort&nbsp; of in cancer cells, is stimulating cancer cell&nbsp;&nbsp; death. And it makes the tumor more sensitive&nbsp; to chemotherapy and radiation. So you have&nbsp;&nbsp; more tumor die off and you're also protecting&nbsp; the normal healthy cells. And it's augmenting&nbsp;&nbsp; the immune system in a way that's actually&nbsp; stimulating it more to attack the cancer. So what I'm saying here is probably you&nbsp; can't go to any publication, but we just&nbsp;&nbsp; know from tumor biology that, you know, when&nbsp; you stimulate...when you kill cancer cells,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, through any means, you can have this&nbsp; process called tumor lysis syndrome, which could&nbsp;&nbsp; kill the patient if you do it too abruptly,&nbsp; right? But that's why we're very, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; adamant in advocating a more gradual approach,&nbsp; which would be like ketogenic diets, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolic drugs, and also hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp; therapy, or something that we studied. But it needs to be acknowledged and recognized&nbsp; that chemotherapy and radiation also work by&nbsp;&nbsp; stimulating the immune system, and it works&nbsp; better in the context of a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; which makes the immune system more&nbsp; hypervigilant to be able to recognize&nbsp;&nbsp; and attack the cancer cells. So, there's a&nbsp; lot of research being done on that now. And,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, I know the Moffitt Cancer Center, which&nbsp; is by USF, is very interested in immune-based&nbsp;&nbsp; therapies and using ketogenic diets to enhance&nbsp; like PD-L1 inhibitors like checkpoint inhibitors. A paper just came out in a pretty high-impact&nbsp; journal, I forget the name of the journal. But&nbsp;&nbsp; it showed that PD-L1 inhibitors were greatly&nbsp; augmented in the context of the ketogenic&nbsp;&nbsp; diet. And even metabolic drugs like the PI3 kinase&nbsp; inhibitors are remarkably effective and promising,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they have a counter-regulatory effect at&nbsp; increasing insulin. So when we take these things,&nbsp;&nbsp; they can target tumor metabolism, but there's&nbsp; also an increase in insulin. And in the context&nbsp;&nbsp; of insulin suppression with a ketogenic diet,&nbsp; that can unmask and augment and greatly enhance&nbsp;&nbsp; PI3 kinase inhibitors. So Dr. Lou Cantley is&nbsp; really spearheading some of that work. And I've&nbsp;&nbsp; been in contact with a few of the patients&nbsp; in that that are doing like really well.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they're using a ketogenic diet to enhance,&nbsp; you know, the efficacy of that treatment. [Dr. Patrick]: I know glioma.&nbsp; Gliomas are one type of cancer&nbsp;&nbsp; to seem to be responsible [crosstalk&nbsp; 02:06:05] evidence suggest, right? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. That was my first interest&nbsp; in...because I started doing hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp;&nbsp; and I saw some...I saw, like, cancer cells&nbsp; exploding under hyperbaric oxygen. So this&nbsp;&nbsp; got me very interested in cancer, it was that. And&nbsp; I didn't know why they were exploding. And we had&nbsp;&nbsp; a dye that was looking at superoxide&nbsp; production in the cytosol and also in&nbsp;&nbsp; the mitochondria. So what I would see&nbsp; is that the mitochondria would light up&nbsp;&nbsp; really quick. We were doing optical sections&nbsp; with a laser scanning confocal microscope,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can see that superoxide production was&nbsp; ramping up like super-high and super-fast when&nbsp;&nbsp; we hit it with oxygen. And then I would see&nbsp; the mitochondria disappear and then like the&nbsp;&nbsp; cells would rupture. So they're exploding. So&nbsp; we're giving high-pressure oxygen, and the tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; cells were taking that oxygen, and because the&nbsp; cancer cells have defective mitochondria, they&nbsp;&nbsp; put out proportionally more superoxide&nbsp; anion, which then can be converted to,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, hydrogen peroxide and more reactive&nbsp; intermediates like hydroxyl radical. And then&nbsp;&nbsp; that damages membrane lipids and then you get&nbsp; rupturing of the cells. So I was like seeing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I was like, "This is very interesting."&nbsp; And what it was telling me is that...I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; know why it was happening but later found&nbsp; out about the Warburg effect where you have&nbsp;&nbsp; an altered metabolism. Like some people say the&nbsp; Warburg effect is the cancer cell sort of changing&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolism for its own benefit to redirect&nbsp; nutrients and biomolecules to the biosynthetic&nbsp;&nbsp; anabolic production of...you know, for the&nbsp; expanding biomass of the tumor. So that's why. And other people like Warburg said it was damaged&nbsp; respiration leads to compensatory fermentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the sugar cell consumes more glucose. But it&nbsp; was sort of looking at this effect which got me&nbsp;&nbsp; very interested in cancer in ways to target&nbsp; sort of cancer cells and then manipulate the&nbsp;&nbsp; substrates. So, that actually was the precursor&nbsp; to our cancer work with ketones because I was&nbsp;&nbsp; using hyperbaric oxygen, and then under different&nbsp; conditions, I started growing cancer cells and&nbsp;&nbsp; feeding them glucose and ketones. And then I&nbsp; would take away the glucose and keep the ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the cancer cells would die. And then I&nbsp; would have glucose, and when I added ketones,&nbsp;&nbsp; it would decrease proliferation. So this is&nbsp; before I ever published anything, but it was&nbsp;&nbsp; like...it got the wheels turning, and I was like,&nbsp; "There's something that needs to be studied here." So I had a few different med students replicate&nbsp; each other. So they could replicate it. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that gave me some confidence. And then a&nbsp; Ph.D. student came along, Dr. Angela Poff,&nbsp;&nbsp; who's hosting Metabolic Health Summit with...&nbsp; So she's now a research associate and does&nbsp;&nbsp; research among other things. And then she&nbsp; actually moved this to the animal model,&nbsp;&nbsp; which was ketogenic diet and hyperbaric oxygen&nbsp; and then later ketone supplementation. And that&nbsp;&nbsp; was a synergistic combination. So, the modified&nbsp; ketogenic diet we used was we took out the lard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we put like a large percentage of the fat.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe 40% was MCTs and then we also&nbsp; used omega-3 fats with flaxseed oil. At the time, I was very interested in MUFAs&nbsp; and PUFAs. We looked at what ketogenic diet&nbsp;&nbsp; researchers were using. I was like, "Well,&nbsp; let's make our own." So, we did like 20%&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of like 10%, you know, protein. We&nbsp; did like 20% or more protein, 20% to 25%.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then we replaced the fats with essentially&nbsp; MCT, flaxseed oil, and then we put some fiber&nbsp;&nbsp; in there too. And then that became the diet we&nbsp; actually use for the Alzheimer's research, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then we use this diet for our cancer research. And&nbsp; our effects were pretty robust, and I often think,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, was it because we were using, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; a diet high in like, you know, omega-3 oils&nbsp; and we just... We also had higher protein,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I think was a little bit beneficial. But&nbsp; we had high ketones. So we did different diets&nbsp;&nbsp; and this diet especially with the MCTs gave us&nbsp; higher ketones and seemed to work really well. [Dr. Patrick]: Wow, super-interesting. What&nbsp; about, you know, the different...? There's&nbsp;&nbsp; different types of cancer, and I know we were&nbsp; discussing this a little bit earlier, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; the potential for some types of cancer at least&nbsp; in rodent studies to, you know, maybe metabolize&nbsp;&nbsp; some ketones and use them in a positive way to&nbsp; benefit the cancer cell. Is that something...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: There's no doubt they do.&nbsp; So there's a little bit of... Cancers are more&nbsp;&nbsp; heterogeneous than we'd sort of like to believe. I&nbsp; think the field at large believes that, and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; why we have all these different cancer therapies.&nbsp; There are some cancers that are very responsive to&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet. But when I think of&nbsp; the ketogenic diet as a cancer therapy,&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't think of it as...I don't think of the&nbsp; hyperketonemia treating the cancer cells. The&nbsp;&nbsp; therapeutic efficacy of the ketogenic diet is&nbsp; through insulin suppression and suppressing the&nbsp;&nbsp; insulin pathway, limiting glucose availability,&nbsp; and also to some extent elevating ketones. We know&nbsp;&nbsp; this because, if we put exogenous ketones into a&nbsp; standard diet, we can extend the life of animals&nbsp;&nbsp; that have metastatic cancer. So we've published&nbsp; that in the "International Journal of Cancer." But&nbsp;&nbsp; what was happening was when you put the ketones&nbsp; in the standard diet food, they probably eat a&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit less, and it's also lowering blood&nbsp; glucose and changing metabolic physiology.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it may not be... And then the reviewers&nbsp; rightly asked, they said, "Well, go do a&nbsp;&nbsp; calorie restriction group." So we took a&nbsp; standard diet and calorie-restricted like 25%,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we saw an increase in survival,&nbsp; but it was nowhere near the increase in&nbsp;&nbsp; survival from adding the ketones to the&nbsp; standard diet. So we did that control. So to get back to your question,&nbsp; yeah, I think, you know, brain tumors,&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive, you know, solid tumors, endometrial&nbsp; cancers, maybe certain GI cancers, maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; lung cancer, you know, are responsive.&nbsp; The cancers that are associated with&nbsp;&nbsp; metabolic derangement are probably responsive,&nbsp; also cancers that are more aggressive or more&nbsp;&nbsp; glycolytic. So they're more likely to&nbsp; respond. And brain cancers are a good&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer to study because you get seizures&nbsp; with brain cancers and because the tools, the&nbsp;&nbsp; treatments are so limited. Like glioblastoma we&nbsp; just know that standard of care does not work. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to use something. A dietary approach can&nbsp; then potentially make the existing drugs work or&nbsp;&nbsp; augment the many different factors that could make&nbsp; the brain cancer more responsive to the tumor. But there are different mutations. There's one&nbsp; for melanoma, BRAF V600E mutation, I believe,&nbsp;&nbsp; which changes the tumor metabolism in a way that&nbsp; can actually maybe cause acetoacetate to be used&nbsp;&nbsp; as fuel. Some cancers may respond to ketones in&nbsp; ways that are different than other cancer cells&nbsp;&nbsp; like the brain tumor cells that we've studied in&nbsp; the lab. So, in particular, there's a melanoma&nbsp;&nbsp; cell line at least that has BRAF V600E mutation, I&nbsp; believe. And those cancer cells have been shown to&nbsp;&nbsp; use acetoacetate as potentially an energy source&nbsp; but also for biosynthetic reactions. And I suspect&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a variety of different cancer cells&nbsp; that can use ketones, not only as a biosynthetic&nbsp;&nbsp; molecule, but maybe even for energy too. But&nbsp; I think largely, cancer cells that are more&nbsp;&nbsp; aggressive have reverted back to a glycolytic&nbsp; phenotype where they're primarily relying&nbsp;&nbsp; on fermentable fuels, and that includes&nbsp; glucose and glutamine are the two fuels. And cancer cells that are more glycolytic and&nbsp; very sort of damaged in their respiration due&nbsp;&nbsp; to the hypoxia of expanding tumor mass. So, as a&nbsp; tumor grows, it outstrips its ability to supply&nbsp;&nbsp; blood flow and oxygen to the tumor. So it&nbsp; becomes hypoxic, and that further damages&nbsp;&nbsp; the mitochondria. So it causes the tumor to&nbsp; be more glycolytic and less of the oxidative&nbsp;&nbsp; phosphorylation pathway. So, literally, this&nbsp; would mean that tumor cells...especially the&nbsp;&nbsp; core of expanding tumor biomass would not be able&nbsp; to use ketones as an energy source because it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; mitochondrial energy, you know, event. So in that&nbsp; way, we think that ketones are not, you know, an&nbsp;&nbsp; ideal fuel for tumors, and in our model systems,&nbsp; you know, it's very clear that they cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; run...in the absence of glucose, tumor cells&nbsp; die, whereas even in the presence of consistent&nbsp;&nbsp; glucose when we add ketones, there seems to&nbsp; be a decrease in proliferation. And we think&nbsp;&nbsp; that could be due to a ketone-induced decrease&nbsp; in hexokinase, which is a glycolytic enzyme.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there's a lot of potential I think for using&nbsp; ketogenic diets as, you know, an adjuvant therapy&nbsp;&nbsp; and then maybe some potential as using exogenous&nbsp; ketones as a means to influence the tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; microenvironment and also to influence essentially&nbsp; the metabolism of the tumor as a whole. [Dr. Patrick]: And also as you&nbsp; mentioned earlier with Dr. Eric,&nbsp;&nbsp; Verdin, and John Ramsey's co-published&nbsp; studies, there was a reduction...I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a possible preventative, you know,&nbsp; mechanism as well with at least...according&nbsp;&nbsp; to animal research, there being a reduction&nbsp; in spontaneous tumors in these rodents seems&nbsp;&nbsp; promising to study, you know, as&nbsp; well if there's any way we can reduce&nbsp;&nbsp; cancer incidents. You know, it's always easier&nbsp; to not get cancer than to try to treat it. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Exactly. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: So, you know, that's also really&nbsp; a sort of interesting and promising field that... [Dr. D'Agostino]: I mean, those results&nbsp; were impressive, so suppressing tumor&nbsp;&nbsp; growth through probably IGF-1 and mTOR and&nbsp; just suppressing...keeping inflammation low,&nbsp;&nbsp; and many other, you know, biomarkers&nbsp; I think it's optimizing to do that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if we take these ketogenic diets and optimize&nbsp; it with specific phytonutrients and we add some&nbsp;&nbsp; fiber in and we add...then it becomes difficult to&nbsp; figure out what's doing what. But I do feel that&nbsp;&nbsp; there's some synergy in optimizing a&nbsp; ketogenic diet with plant, you know, fiber and&nbsp;&nbsp; phytonutrients that we know have anti-carcinogenic&nbsp; effects like curcumin and turmeric and EGCG, and,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, there's groups at the Cancer Institute&nbsp; that spend their whole life studying just a&nbsp;&nbsp; handful of these phytonutrients, and they&nbsp; show that it has remarkable chemo-prevention&nbsp;&nbsp; effects. So we should be incorporating these&nbsp; into the ketogenic diet [crosstalk 02:17:43] [Dr. Patrick]: Which brings us to the all meat,&nbsp; no carbohydrate diet really briefly, I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; the carnivore... There's a lot of people that&nbsp; sort of feel like they've done a ketogenic diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they need to graduate somehow to another&nbsp; level of zero carb. What are your thoughts on...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Well, I'm not sure&nbsp; if it's like...I think it's going back&nbsp;&nbsp; towards kindergarten. There's no doubt that a&nbsp; carnivore diet is beneficial for some people,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I think it's therapeutic in some ways. It&nbsp; is a form of a ketogenic diet. I followed it,&nbsp;&nbsp; actually felt pretty good on it subjectively, but&nbsp; objectively, my biomarkers were...my LDL I think&nbsp;&nbsp; almost doubled on it. And then my triglycerides&nbsp; started to creep up. So this was a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of a concern for me. Like if you have...the fat&nbsp; pathways were a little bit backed up. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you have an inborn error metabolism like&nbsp; carnitine deficiency either primary or secondary,&nbsp;&nbsp; a telltale sign is like an elevation of&nbsp; triglycerides, hypoketonemia, and then you have&nbsp;&nbsp; like, you know, a lot of...a cascade of different&nbsp; things. Like you're just not metabolizing fat&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as you should be. Whereas we know that&nbsp; certain omega-3 fatty acids can actually increase&nbsp;&nbsp; the carnitine, you know, transferase and actually&nbsp; augment fat oxidation, certain fatty acids can. For me personally, I felt good...I felt fine,&nbsp; but my blood work was a little bit concerning.&nbsp;&nbsp; And when I went back to just adding more fish and&nbsp; omega-3 fats and more plants back into my diet,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe it was a fiber, maybe it was phytonutrients,&nbsp; I felt just as good, but I brought my biomarkers,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially my triglycerides came back down again.&nbsp; But I think, you know, it depends on the type of&nbsp;&nbsp; meat that you're eating, the amount of food that&nbsp; you're eating. If you're eating the carnivore diet&nbsp;&nbsp; and creating a calorie deficit while you're doing&nbsp; it, I think it could be beneficial. But I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think it's something that would be sustainable or&nbsp; optimal long-term. So it could be sustainable. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is for a number of people that I know. But&nbsp; I guess the question is, is it optimal? And&nbsp;&nbsp; I have no science. I'm not aware of any science&nbsp; that supports a carnivore diet as optimal&nbsp;&nbsp; for treating anything. Although I've been in&nbsp; communication with people who have benefited&nbsp;&nbsp; greatly from it. So I'm not going to criticize&nbsp; it too harshly. It is a form of a ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. Again, as you mentioned,&nbsp; it's like, well, are these people severely&nbsp;&nbsp; caloric restricting themselves? Are they just&nbsp; getting off of a terrible diet that's...?&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, there's so many factors. And&nbsp; again, it's like, well, you know, to me... [Dr. D'Agostino]: And the lack of fiber. [Dr. Patrick]: Lack of fiber and, you&nbsp; know, the phytonutrients, which... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Which kind of brings it&nbsp; back to the fiber issue too, right? Because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's obvious that we could do well off&nbsp; no fiber at all. So the question is like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, is fiber necessary? I don't think&nbsp; it's necessary, but I think it's optimal. So&nbsp;&nbsp; I think excluding it all together is not doing our&nbsp; bodies any favor. And I think when we add it back&nbsp;&nbsp; in...there's just so much good data on fiber that&nbsp; it's hard to ignore. So that's why, you know... [Dr. Patrick]: What do you think&nbsp; the colonocytes and like getting&nbsp;&nbsp; the butyrate from fiber like what&nbsp; do you think is happening in the gut&nbsp;&nbsp; in someone with a no fiber diet? Like the butyrate&nbsp; is so incredibly important for gut health. [Dr. D'Agostino]: It is. Yeah. And&nbsp; it's a primary fuel for colonocytes. [Dr. Patrick]: It is. [Dr. D'Agostino]: I don't know. I do know that if&nbsp; it caused, like, a massive disruption of the gut&nbsp;&nbsp; microbiome and intestinal permeability, it would&nbsp; show up on blood work as like hs-CRP elevation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mine trended...it actually went up like from 0.1&nbsp; to like point 0.2 or 0.3, but that's like... So I&nbsp;&nbsp; think humans are omnivores, and they're incredibly&nbsp; adaptable to any kind of diet. And I think that&nbsp;&nbsp; dietary diversity might be a good thing. But&nbsp; you have, you know, populations of people&nbsp;&nbsp; like in Africa or other areas where they&nbsp; just eat like one food all the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it could be like some cornmeal or&nbsp; it could be whale blubber in another,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they do perfectly well. They survive,&nbsp; they live a healthy life. It's just&nbsp;&nbsp; staggeringly remarkable that we have the metabolic&nbsp; flexibility and adaptation to eat almost anything. You know, the question is what is optimal? Should&nbsp; we even be eating such a huge diversity of things?&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think that could be beneficial at&nbsp; least. You know, it gives us an array of&nbsp;&nbsp; different things that we can eat and we're&nbsp; grabbing nutrients from different areas. But&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. I am kind of a little bit neutral on the&nbsp; carnivore diet. I think it's beneficial for some,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think it's sub-optimal as a ketogenic diet. [Dr. Patrick]: And as you mentioned, there's&nbsp; just a lack of empirical evidence. Like&nbsp;&nbsp; there's [crosstalk 02:22:49],&nbsp; which again is confounded&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time by many things. But there's&nbsp; really not a lot of research that have&nbsp;&nbsp; been done on...I mean, published and&nbsp; peer-reviewed and, you know, actually... [Dr. D'Agostino]: But there are people&nbsp; doing it and they're thriving on it and&nbsp;&nbsp; they've corrected, you know, various...everything&nbsp; from autoimmune disorders. You know, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; superhigh achievers. You have Shawn Baker,&nbsp; who's just like a physical specimen,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he's just eating nothing but&nbsp; meat and doing very well and has...I&nbsp;&nbsp; don't know. I haven't seen his blood work, but&nbsp; I think it's okay. I mean, he's smart enough. I&nbsp;&nbsp; do think that if you're eating a carnivore diet&nbsp; and you're getting surplus amount of calories,&nbsp;&nbsp; which I kind of did because I added just a few&nbsp; pounds, and I think that negatively affected&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of my blood work. But if you eat a carnivore&nbsp; diet and a calorie deficit, then I think it could&nbsp;&nbsp; be therapeutic and potentially helpful. So it all&nbsp; comes down to calories. People ask me if calories&nbsp;&nbsp; matter. I think they most certainly do, and I&nbsp; think we need to appreciate that because a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of the ketogenic diet community, they said&nbsp; don't count calories, just count carbs or,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, the calories don't matter if you&nbsp; eat this way. But calories absolutely matter. [Dr. Patrick]: You mentioned having&nbsp; a...you do intermittent fasting sort of&nbsp;&nbsp; cyclically. Like how many times a&nbsp; week or how many meals a day? Like,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, is it something&nbsp; that you alternate each week? [Dr. D'Agostino]: My normal pattern is to have&nbsp; like a small ketogenic breakfast and then more&nbsp;&nbsp; or less fast through. Midday I'll have like a&nbsp; ketone supplement or maybe a small coffee but not&nbsp;&nbsp; past 2. And then I eat, we eat dinner typically&nbsp; between like 5 and 6. I probably try not to do&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit later if I'm working late, sometimes&nbsp; it's later. But I consume most of like 80%&nbsp;&nbsp; of my calories between the 6 and 9 p.m. I know&nbsp; 9 sounds kind of late, but we go to bed around,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, 11. But I get the bulk of my calories&nbsp; probably with dinner, which is around like&nbsp;&nbsp; five or sixish. A lot of my protein too. But in&nbsp; the morning I eat a ketogenic breakfast. Lately,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've been eating waffles and making waffles.&nbsp; There's different ketogenic waffle recipes&nbsp;&nbsp; that are really, really good. So I've been&nbsp; experimenting in the kitchen a bit with my wife. [Dr. Patrick]: What about your exercise routine? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I try to do some form&nbsp; of exercise every day. I mean, we have some&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty...we live on a farm, so farm work occupies&nbsp; probably about 10 to 20 hours a week of my time&nbsp;&nbsp; doing...and that's good outdoor activity, getting&nbsp; sun, exercise around the cows. We walk our dogs,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, usually like twice a day. And then I&nbsp; do resistance training no less than twice a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; but sometimes I try to get four times a week if I&nbsp; can. I like to do a lot of bodyweight exercises.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I think when you're traveling and you're&nbsp; pretty busy, like chin-ups, push-ups, dips.&nbsp;&nbsp; A lot of...chin-ups are probably like one of my&nbsp; favorite exercises, pull-ups, chin-ups. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: And then you're&nbsp; doing some hot tub therapy. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Hot tub&nbsp; therapy. Yeah. So your article on&nbsp;&nbsp; sauna and just hyperthermia in general. So I did&nbsp; some experiments measuring my core temperature and&nbsp;&nbsp; showed that I can...getting the hot tub to about&nbsp; 105 to 110, I can get my body temperature up to&nbsp;&nbsp; about 102 within about 15 minutes. And I really&nbsp; believe in looking at the literature, and also&nbsp;&nbsp; after I do this, I then measure...well, I've&nbsp; measured my glucose, and my blood pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; comes down and it seems to be...I'm like my blood&nbsp; pressure is like the lowest it's ever been, it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like 97 over 60 or something or 58 or something.&nbsp; It's really low. And I always trended on the&nbsp;&nbsp; higher end of systolic especially like 130, 140. I&nbsp; think during grad school was like 145 consistently&nbsp;&nbsp; systolic pressure, always ran a little bit&nbsp; higher systolic, although I carried more mass&nbsp;&nbsp; at the time. But the one thing that has really&nbsp; moved the needle in my blood pressure has been,&nbsp;&nbsp; not changing anything and just doing what&nbsp; I'll call heat therapy with the hot tub... [Dr. Patrick]: That's awesome. [Dr. D'Agostino]: ...brought it down 5%&nbsp; to 10%. And I was like measuring like&nbsp;&nbsp; five times a day blood pressure&nbsp; throughout the day because I became...I&nbsp;&nbsp; would love to have a continuous blood&nbsp; pressure monitor. That would be really cool.&nbsp;&nbsp; But my continuous glucose monitor with the&nbsp; Levels Health app is very insightful and&nbsp;&nbsp; gives information, and I can do like a comparison&nbsp; of this meal versus that meal and sauna versus,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, cold. I can mark it, time mark it and&nbsp; do a CGM comparison with [crosstalk 02:27:26] [Dr. Patrick]: What's the best way to measure&nbsp; your actual ketones? Is it blood, breath? [Dr. D'Agostino]: Good question. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: Best versus also most&nbsp; like easy for people as well. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're both kind of important. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Again,&nbsp; like people don't like this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it depends. So that's my answer to a&nbsp; lot of things. So it's context-dependent.&nbsp;&nbsp; The clinicians that are managing epilepsy&nbsp; patients say that urine is great,&nbsp;&nbsp; and they're not going to change from urine, and&nbsp; they're doing...because they don't want to prick&nbsp;&nbsp; the kid's finger too, right? So I did blood.&nbsp; I like using the glucose ketone index. [Dr. Patrick]: What is that? [Dr. D'Agostino]: It's your glucose over ketones&nbsp; in millimolar concentration. So, if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; fasting, it takes me about 72 days...72 hours to&nbsp; get...although the guy fasted for 360 or 80 days.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fasting for 72 hours gets my glucose ketone index&nbsp; to one where my glucose comes down to about 3&nbsp;&nbsp; millimolar and my ketones come up to 3 millimolar.&nbsp; So that would be a glucose ketone index of one.&nbsp;&nbsp; Although I haven't measured LC3 and&nbsp; other components of the autophagosome,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's my belief that achieving and sustaining a&nbsp; glucose ketone index of one for 24 hours will&nbsp;&nbsp; induce and perhaps maximize autophagy. No&nbsp; doubt that you can get more benefits five,&nbsp;&nbsp; seven days, but then at five days and seven days,&nbsp; I see a suppression in testosterone and other&nbsp;&nbsp; things I don't like. So, for me, three days is&nbsp; like the sweet spot. I can achieve a glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; ketone index of one. And then my breath acetone&nbsp; is off the charts. And I think breath acetone&nbsp;&nbsp; is probably your best ketone to measure if&nbsp; you want to lose fat. So, all the carbons&nbsp;&nbsp; of the acetone you're blowing off essentially&nbsp; are from fat. So, when you look at the device&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's reading like 40, it's like you're just&nbsp; like basically exhaling fat carbons from that. Breath acetone is great because with&nbsp; beta-hydroxybutyrate I could be at 2&nbsp;&nbsp; or 3 millimolar and just walk around the house or&nbsp; do some activity, and then I'm back down to like&nbsp;&nbsp; below one. That's because your body is&nbsp; using the beta-hydroxybutyrate as fuel.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you have a calorie deficit, you have&nbsp; high tissue uptake of beta-hydroxybutyrate,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? Whereas my breath acetone seems to be more&nbsp; stable and a better correlate of fat oxidation.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it's also easier. So if you're blowing&nbsp; into a breath acetone meter five times a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a lot of money in strips and a lot of&nbsp; poking your finger. So I use the Readout Health&nbsp;&nbsp; Biosense device. And I don't know. I've blown&nbsp; into mine like 1000 times, and that would be&nbsp;&nbsp; cost-prohibitive from a ketone monitoring&nbsp; perspective and a lot of finger pricks&nbsp;&nbsp; associated with that. And it has a pretty cool&nbsp; app and also a fasting sort of meter in with it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think they collaborate with Zero Fasting. So&nbsp; I think there's some collaboration there, but it&nbsp;&nbsp; can show you if you're doing a fasting and using&nbsp; that. Although it's more of a clinical device,&nbsp;&nbsp; but now it's broken into more mainstream. So it's&nbsp; an FDA-approved class 1 or whatever, physical&nbsp;&nbsp; device...medical device for measuring ketones. And I became interested in acetone because&nbsp; it correlates with seizure control. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; acetone does. So, I recommend it to parents&nbsp; who have kids that are managing and they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want their fingers pricked and the urine&nbsp; ketone strips are not very accurate. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; to answer your question, I think both blood&nbsp; ketone measurements. If you're just starting&nbsp;&nbsp; the ketogenic diet, it may be good to just&nbsp; use urine to say yes you're in ketosis,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not. It's like semi-quantitative. And&nbsp; then spend the money to get a ketone meter.&nbsp;&nbsp; Like the Keto-Mojo device is probably one of the&nbsp; best, and then a breath acetone meter is good&nbsp;&nbsp; for people who are doing fasting and for people&nbsp; that are really interested in like weight loss. [Dr. Patrick]: What about using blood&nbsp; glucose levels as a proxy? Like is there...? [Dr. D'Agostino]: That's like super interesting.&nbsp; Yeah. We had an NIH workshop sort of on this,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I brought this up as a continuous ketone&nbsp; monitoring or continuous glucose monitoring&nbsp;&nbsp; system. And now you have the ketone&nbsp; monitoring system with app. It has Lingo&nbsp;&nbsp; device now, which does like glucose, ketones,&nbsp; lactate, and also alcohol. But a CGM device&nbsp;&nbsp; is like the ultimate device to look at dietary&nbsp; adherence to a ketogenic diet because it should&nbsp;&nbsp; be...the trace should be completely flat, and if&nbsp; there's big excursions, then that person is not on&nbsp;&nbsp; a ketogenic diet. I guess if they're under stress&nbsp; or they're exercising really hard, you might get&nbsp;&nbsp; a blip, but generally speaking like a CGM trace&nbsp; is a very, very good way to tell if someone is&nbsp;&nbsp; adhering to a ketogenic diet. So these things&nbsp; should be used I think, and generally speaking,&nbsp;&nbsp; the community also feels that this needs to be&nbsp; used. But it's an off-label use at this time. [Dr. Patrick]: Is there like a level&nbsp; that's like a range or does it vary?&nbsp;&nbsp; Like would you...if you were to&nbsp; give an estimate guesstimate. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Of what? [Dr. Patrick]: Of blood glucose level to like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: For a ketogenic diet? [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. To say, like, "I'm probably&nbsp; in ketosis because my blood glucose levels are X." [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. Well, I could show you&nbsp; on my... So, what was very interesting when I&nbsp;&nbsp; woke up this morning, I spiked 40 milligrams per&nbsp; deciliter. I've never seen that before like ever.&nbsp;&nbsp; So my CGM trace typically looks like...oh,&nbsp; probably now it's going to be...maybe I'm excited&nbsp;&nbsp; and maybe it's all over the place, but it's going&nbsp; to look like... I added, like, an extra 30 so it&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't go off negative during everything. But&nbsp; right now if you subtract 30 from that number,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's what your CGM trace should look like&nbsp; on a ketogenic diet. You've worn a CGM before. [Dr. Patrick]: Yeah. I need to get a new one. [Dr. D'Agostino]: So I'm 74. Yeah.&nbsp; But when I woke up this morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had a big...I only had maybe like four&nbsp; and a half hours of sleep or something.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it could be that, it could be the&nbsp; different time zone or something like that. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, yeah, totally. That was the&nbsp; first thing I learned from my CGM was...because&nbsp;&nbsp; I started wearing it when my son was like&nbsp; four or five months old. I was waking up&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple times to breastfeed. I mean, so my&nbsp; sleep was insanely disrupted and fragmented,&nbsp;&nbsp; and my blood glucose was just...it was just&nbsp; going out of control. And it was always on&nbsp;&nbsp; the nights when I was like waking up multiple&nbsp; times and not getting enough sleep. And that was,&nbsp;&nbsp; like, one of the biggest things I learned&nbsp; from my CGM that was surprising to me. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Where were your&nbsp; highs? Like how high were your highs?&nbsp;&nbsp; So mine spiked to almost like 130 or 140, and&nbsp; that's unheard of. Like I've never seen that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But that just could be due to the time change&nbsp; and getting about half of the normal sleep&nbsp;&nbsp; that I get. I mean, I feel fine now. Okay.&nbsp; Yeah. But it was just highly variable. Yeah. [Dr. Patrick]: I can't recall. It's been too many&nbsp; years, but they were...yeah. It was something&nbsp;&nbsp; like that. It was above 120, you know, like&nbsp; where it was like, this is postprandial level,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, like this is pretty, you know,&nbsp; intense, you know, like a robust effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; High-intensity training. I was doing a lot&nbsp; of spin class and stuff like hour-long like&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty intense spin. That would help. So if&nbsp; I do the spin and then have the disruption&nbsp;&nbsp; that night after the spin, it was way better.&nbsp; Like my glucose was way better. So like the&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise totally helped negate some of the&nbsp; glucose dysregulation that I was having.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't know what exactly was happening&nbsp; about my glucose spiking so high. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that was also a learning. I learned so much from&nbsp; the CG, and I haven't worn it for a couple of&nbsp;&nbsp; months because I have to...I think I'm going to&nbsp; do Levels because my prescriptions like expired. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Levels is great. [Dr. Patrick]: Now I'm like, "Okay,&nbsp; I think I'm going to move to Levels." [Dr. D'Agostino]: I'm not going to mention the&nbsp; other, but I did a couple different companies&nbsp;&nbsp; and I just wore it. Well, they're in beta now.&nbsp; The difference about Levels is that it's kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of coaching you, and you also have the option&nbsp; to...I mean, you could just push and get to a&nbsp;&nbsp; nutritionist. So I guess that's good for people.&nbsp; Maybe not like us but for the average. But it has&nbsp;&nbsp; so many features built in. Where I exercise,&nbsp; it'll say, you know, "What did you do here? We saw&nbsp;&nbsp; that you exercised." It learns my body. Even if I&nbsp; have a cup of coffee in the morning, it learns my&nbsp;&nbsp; sort of dawn effect. And I just take a picture&nbsp; of my food. It marks it and then it sends me an&nbsp;&nbsp; email the next day of the picture of my food,&nbsp; my average glucose effect, my metabolic score,&nbsp;&nbsp; and things like that. So it's so easy.&nbsp; Otherwise, I mean, you could just buy a CGM&nbsp;&nbsp; I guess if you had someone prescribe it to you and&nbsp; just look at the CGM trace and then make your own&nbsp;&nbsp; inference. As long as I engage with the app and&nbsp; I take a picture of my food and everything, I get&nbsp;&nbsp; the email the next day, and that tells me what&nbsp; happened to my glycemic response the whole day.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it also gives me a weekly thing. So all I&nbsp; have to do is just engage with the app once a day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it sends me like a daily report and also a&nbsp; weekly report where I could see like every day. And there's so many features. I don't&nbsp; even use like 90% of the features but&nbsp;&nbsp; I use like 10% of the features and it's very&nbsp; useful to me.So we're doing a clinical trial&nbsp;&nbsp; right now with CGM. And people have app&nbsp; fatigue. Not everybody wants to be on an app&nbsp;&nbsp; all day. But you can engage with it as much as&nbsp; you want or just, you know, engage with it two&nbsp;&nbsp; or three minutes per day is enough to really be&nbsp; getting a lot of insight into your own metabolism. [Dr. Patrick]: Just wearing the CGM&nbsp;&nbsp; without even having to do all the app stuff&nbsp; really helped me figure out what foods that&nbsp;&nbsp; I should be eating and portion sizes and&nbsp; all that stuff because it was like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: What were&nbsp; your biggest surprises? [Dr. Patrick]: The cooked spinach was the one&nbsp; because I was like, "Oh, the sugar and it has&nbsp;&nbsp; a low glycemic." But what you said makes&nbsp; a lot of sense. That was a big surprise.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then another really big surprise was like&nbsp; a lot of these like cauliflower rice, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; like I was traveling on part of this, you know,&nbsp; where I was on a ketogenic diet, and so I would&nbsp;&nbsp; like order food that was like this is keto and&nbsp; you get something that says keto. And I'm like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "This is not keto at all." I'm like, "It's&nbsp; like spiking me so high." And then you like&nbsp;&nbsp; track down the ingredients, and it's like sugar.&nbsp; And I'm like, "Really? You're calling this keto&nbsp;&nbsp; but you actually have added sugar in it." Other&nbsp; surprises where I was taking some like collagen&nbsp;&nbsp; gummy chewables that didn't have any&nbsp; sugar allegedly. And my blood glucose&nbsp;&nbsp; just went through the roof, and I'm like,&nbsp; "What's in this? This is something..." [Dr. D'Agostino]: Same thing. I&nbsp; tried some kind of sugar-free gummy,&nbsp;&nbsp; it shot me off the chart. And all the&nbsp; bars that I get sent. So, 90% of the... [Dr. Patrick]: Anything that's keto. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. The only bar that&nbsp; has completely ketogenic is a Keto Brick.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's like the brick is 90 grams of fat and&nbsp; I think like maybe 30 grams of protein and like&nbsp;&nbsp; hardly any carbohydrates and it's 1000 calorie&nbsp; brick. And that's like truly the only ketogenic,&nbsp;&nbsp; you know, bar. There's a bunch of bars out&nbsp; there, Keto Brick. Yeah. Check them out. [Dr. Patrick]: I mean, if you&nbsp; go to Costco now, it's like... [Dr. D'Agostino]: Yeah. I know, everywhere. [Dr. Patrick]: ...like keto everything.&nbsp; I have yet to find actually something&nbsp;&nbsp; when you turn around the back and you&nbsp; look at the sugars and the ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; that like one of these things that was, like, this&nbsp; coconut keto crunch. And my mom loves coconut. She&nbsp;&nbsp; was doing keto and like ordered it on Instacart.&nbsp; And then I came and I'm like, "There's a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; sugar in this. This is not keto. Like, how dare&nbsp; they call it keto? It's so misleading." Again,&nbsp;&nbsp; takes us back to the beginning where&nbsp; it's like these ketos become...it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very much become trendy and it's almost like&nbsp; this marketable thing. And, you know, I think the&nbsp;&nbsp; essence of ketosis has been lost somewhat. So,&nbsp; it's really been nice having you to talk about&nbsp;&nbsp; all this. I want to talk even longer,&nbsp; but we probably should wrap this up.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you so much, Dom. We're going to have&nbsp; dinner tonight and talk more, so that'll be great.&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to talk to you about all sorts of things.&nbsp; But like for people that want to learn more about&nbsp;&nbsp; your research, they want to follow you, they want&nbsp; to learn about Metabolic Health Summit or your&nbsp;&nbsp; blogs, you know, all those things. Where's the&nbsp; best places to find you on social and all those? [Dr.D'Agostino]: Yeah. Thanks for&nbsp; asking. Yeah. ketonutrition.org,&nbsp;&nbsp; so ketonutrition.org, and we have a blog&nbsp; there. Subscribe to the newsletter. When&nbsp;&nbsp; this podcast comes out, we'll put it in the&nbsp; newsletter, of course. And a lot of the other&nbsp;&nbsp; information that I don't post anywhere else&nbsp; is in the newsletter as you do too. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to your newsletter which I did, and&nbsp; it's like an awesome source of information. Metabolic Health Summit which will be happening&nbsp; May 5th through the 8th, amazing event. We have&nbsp;&nbsp; clinicians, you know, basic scientists,&nbsp; and entrepreneurs scrambling to this area&nbsp;&nbsp; and influencers. It's an amazing event in Santa&nbsp; Barbara, California. I'm excited to be a co-host&nbsp;&nbsp; for that. Yeah. Most of the information that we&nbsp; promote will be on our blog and on our website.&nbsp;&nbsp; I personally do not have any&nbsp; products. People always ask me,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Dom, what's your ketone product?" I don't have&nbsp; a ketone product, but I do support a number of&nbsp;&nbsp; different companies and it's on the website. The&nbsp; exogenous ketone product that I use is Ketostart.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keto Brick is my go-to keto bar. I get&nbsp; that question asked all the time. And&nbsp;&nbsp; Keto Brainz is a coffee creamer that I use, got&nbsp; alpha-GPC, theanine, it's got lion's mane in it,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's also got C8. So, these are three&nbsp; supplements that I use pretty much on a daily&nbsp;&nbsp; basis. Not a huge supplement guy, but these are&nbsp; supplements we love and promote on that website. [Dr. Patrick]: And you're also on Twitter? [Dr. D'Agostino]: On Twitter. Yeah. If you search&nbsp; my name. I always forget my Twitter handle,&nbsp;&nbsp; but on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, I&nbsp; like to share new literature that's out,&nbsp;&nbsp; our publications, and others in the space. So&nbsp; I try to be a resource, not as much as you,&nbsp;&nbsp; which you put out amazing information,&nbsp; and truly appreciate you giving me this&nbsp;&nbsp; platform to give my information&nbsp; to your followers. Thank you. [Dr. Patrick]: Oh, my pleasure.&nbsp; Thank you for all your research,&nbsp;&nbsp; Dom. I'm looking forward to more&nbsp; and to a future conversation. [Dr. D'Agostino]: Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FoundMyFitness [32 likes]: Timestamps. Please support the show and get extra content several times monthly with premium :) https://www.foundmyfitness.com/crowdsponsor
00:00:00 - In this episode
00:01:15 - What is "keto"
00:04:59-  Types of ketogenic diets
00:11:44 - Lifestyle Ketogenic Diet
00:22:54 - Biomarkers and hyperlipidemia
00:25:59 - Micronutrients and supplementation
00:29:58 - Exogenous Ketones
00:52:07 - What's the optimal level of circulating ketones? 
01:09:51 - Exercise performance and anti-catabolic effects
01:30:57 - Brain and memory
01:38:59 - Intermittent Fasting
01:48:04 - Neurodegenerative diseases
01:54:27 - Migraines
02:00:39 - Autoimmune disease
02:02:37 - Cancer
02:18:26 - Carnivore diet
02:24:45 - Dom's lifestyle habits
02:28:10 - Measuring ketones (see also 52:07)
02:40:10 - Learn more about Dom
  2. @hugechimp [2 likes]: LOVE LOVE LOVE DR RHONDA!
  3. @lukekay7952 [1 likes]: Rhonda I have the feeling you are a little biased against the 'Carnivore' diet. You only talk about it when you're having a conversation with people who are not 'pro' carnivore. May I suggest having a podcast conversation with  Dr. Georgia Ede? Well she's pro Keto for brain health reasons.
  4. @DA-uz8qb [1 likes]: Dom's insight, around 7:30, is poignant. It takes a while to transition from a non-ketogenic, high-carbohydrate diet to ketogenic diets, as the enzymes and other protein structures involved in efficient ketone processing 'catch up' to the global switch in primary fuel source. 

I have heard from multiple sources that it can take many months to be "keto adapted", and that is assuming strict adherence to a ketogenic diet during those months. I imagine this transition will be easier, in general, if diet was not extremely metabolically damaging for years on-end (see: high veg oil, high carb, high sugar), but nonetheless, it WILL take time. 

The point is: in the transition process, on a high fat diet, your blood will be replete with ketone bodies floating around, so much so that there will be an excess of ketone supply vs. ketone demand/metabolic processing ability. Your machinery has not caught up yet. Ketones like acetone and b-OHB will be shed through the breath (acetone) and in the urine (b-OHB). All this to say, a measurably high ketone level may reflect an INEFFICIENCY in ketone metabolism, rather than something that is inherently better than a lower level of ketones in the blood (as is seen in later, "keto adapted" state).

So perhaps the take-home point, which he makes a couple seconds later, is that in sustained ketogenic nutrition, INSULIN remains low, excess glucose is allowed to be metabolized and discarded, and the preferred, abundant and healthier fuel is now metabolized ad libitum. And the more you can stay in a state where primary and majority of metabolic need is met with fatty acids and ketones, the better.
  5. @msgirl01 [1 likes]: 1 one of the few guests  that can keep u w RP
He's awesome!!  ❤
  6. @plumbthumbs9584 [1 likes]: Great video.  Really appreciate the critical information presented graphically.  Fantastic learning aid.
  7. @patriciaboyette1358 [1 likes]: Awesome!! Thanks!!!
  8. @Chris-tw8fu [1 likes]: According  to Zoe Harcombe we do not need fiber at all
  9. @MichaelGlyn-fu2io [1 likes]: Dominic D'Agostino is a straight up Super Bad Ass! 

Tim Ferriss even put him in his Book Tools For Titans. Which I Highly recommend for anyone try to upgrade themselves.
  10. @Slowfooted22: Great episode. Unfortunate choice of seating arrangement given the high slit skirt.
  11. @Slowfooted22: Thanks for all the references!
  12. @jaco5790: bro learnt some manners this time by not mansplaining like the last interview
  13. @BeliSetip: Fluctuating audio levels are driving me nuts, but the content is keeping me glued to my headphones.
Hopefully you're using Auto Gain Control or similar these days (2 years later :)
Giving up at 90min
  14. @NoahSteckley: Generally I strongly dismiss this whole “titrate slowly” stuff. Silly.
  15. @msgirl01: Intermittent intermittent fasting
I like it
  16. @fragelicious: I know when I'm in Ketosis because my eyes open wider (nice bug eyed feeling) and my energy levels are so undepletable, that energy levels at 4pm are the same as my energy at 9am. I have never knocked myself out of Ketosis with dark, low glycemic greens. But I also prefer to eat them uncooked. Keto since my research initially ended in 2018, listening to Dom, He sold me the car.
  17. @advertiserfriendlyusername5362: How to do the keto diet optimally.



Get some duct tape and tape keys to your toes. You're welcome!
  18. @advertiserfriendlyusername5362: 00:00 Dat unfortunately shaped cactus, tho! 😭
  19. @Char_603: Is there a video foran older man combining keto with weight training, looking to gain 5 lbs of muscle....?
  20. @tylert4271: Get Dr Paul saladino on the podcast

- What You Can Eat To HEAL THE BRAIN & Prevent Alzheimer's Disease! | Dominic D’Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en independent of calories has nothing to do with calories you could be eucalyptic be hyper caloric when you administer this diet it changes your metabolic physiology which dramatically profoundly changes your brain you are one of the preeminent experts in all things uh ketones the ketogenic diet and um and other things that we're going to explore over the course of this conversation i'm sure but um but yeah it's an it's an honor to have you thanks for having me yeah appreciate it um yeah your platform has really inspired me uh from an outreach education front and we do that i was talking to you about the metabolic health summit so uh i realized early on you can be a scientist and publish papers and stuff but it doesn't really matter if you're not putting it into context where people can make it actionable things they can do in your life in their lives so yeah i mean your podcast and others are really advancing the application of the science into people and that's like equally or more important than the science yeah i think it's it's so important i mean there was a figure that i stumbled upon when i was writing my first book that um claim that it takes 17 years on average for what's discovered in clinical science right to be enacted in day-to-day clinical care yeah you know that's important you bring that up because uh i tend to in academia i tend to uh see a lot of science that's you realize it's not going to make it to the public for 5-10 years and you know and that's abstracts that are submitted and presented at different conferences but also i am a reviewer and also a chair of different like federal study sections where you you see ideas that are amazing ideas presented in a multi-million dollar proposal and you know you realize that it's going to take five years to do this and then another couple years for this to get out and so i tend to have uh a window uh into different ideas that are super important for you know metabolic health and brain health and things like that so uh and that that's fun to be within academia and kind of see that and that's always inspiring me to uh test different things on myself so i like to be a self-experimenter and i was talking to you i'm wearing two different continuous glucose monitors one by abbott one by dexcom and comparing the two for future research that we want to do in florida in clinical trials but also in space research so we're very involved you know we've done some research with nasa underwater missions um associated with uh space uh analog missions and and also working on a commercial space flight we're using some of these wearable technologies in space so we can understand and mitigate some of the problems in space what would the purpose of that be for for an astronaut like what are the what are some of those problems uh well there's the big problem that's recently that's come out of the twin study with mark and scott kelly you know and others uh some my collaborators and colleagues published a paper in cell showing that the mitochondria take a big hit in space and they use a multi-omics approach and a massive paper that was published in cell that's just lay out all the omics data that basically shows mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation is impaired in the space environment and that could be due to a number of different things related maybe to galactic cosmic radiation you know there is higher radiation space but also when you're in a zero-g gravity we're here and i could tell you turned on the ac now so it's getting cool so as as we generate heat from our bodies uh the heat rises right that's called convection if you were in a static environment in a zero-g environment and you're breathing you start forming a co2 bubble around you and also using all the oxygen but there's no convection whoa if you light a candle in space the the flame is perfectly round like a like a a ball and there's no convection right so that's problematic at the level of respiration but the lack of convection also occurs on a nanoscopic scale right so at the level of mitochondria there's convection even in a fluid medium you know with temperature and things like that so um so yeah we think that you know it could possibly be uh right now uh we're exposed to probably 300 350 to 400 parts per million of carbon dioxide the partial pressure of carbon dioxide is uh pretty low but in international space station or one of the habitats that i lived under water for 10 days the pressure of co2 was 4 000 to upwards of 8 000 parts per million so it's 10 to 20 times higher in a in an environment a habitat if we're gonna go to mars unless they figure out how to you know improvise enhance the co2 scrubbing uh and you know breathing oxygen um breathing gas in a hypercapnic environment which is high co2 that carbon dioxide uh equilibrates with our body and influences a lot of systems like for example like the the tight junctions of the gut microbiome you know where uh you know i i measured my hscrp you know in this environment and it kind of skyrocketed and the only thing that really does that is when i have gi issues and that's just uh for people who aren't familiar that's a marker of inflammation yeah yep and i i've these are things that i track very regularly you know different with stuff that in the lab and uh and realized that uh because the paper came out with a colleague that's in the department of defense or office of navy research showing that mice exposed to these levels of co2 uh which could be a closed office space which could be uh you know a helmet if you're like you know a motorcycle or something that these can actually it's not benign so the high pressure and you know if we're going to live in that environment we have to figure out what's going on um but uh yeah yeah at the tight junctions and we can get into nutrition because zonulin is a uh i think is uh alicia fasano discovered that in 2000 yeah or 2001 or something yeah uh zonula and that could infection injury uh inflammation diet stress like if you throw someone to a stressful situation and they have to give a talk or something and cortisol spikes up and they have a sympathetic nervous system is activated then zonulin can actually cause gut permeability issues like acutely this is kind of very interesting uh not just you know not just uh gliadin or glu of gluten but uh but this can be altered in different ways and um we think that these environments that will sustain life uh which is you know oxygen is kept at a but co2 levels climb and in the in the context of hypercapnia it's altering a lot of different different things so what is hypercapnia oh sorry high co2 levels yeah so uh so the earth is like 300 you know or now approaching 400 parts per million and these habitats that people live in like the navy for example like a submarine or the international space station or an equi habitat that i lived in the aquarius habitat which is part of the nasa's extreme environment mission operations which is like a space analog mission the uh the level of co2 is 10 upwards sometimes 20 times higher wow and that's likely causing you know with a 10-day mission it's not a deal-breaker but uh and of course scott kelly lived you know for for a year in space and he complained when i hit his book endurance talked about i think in 58 times i did a search in his book he mentions a co2 problem in that habitat but if we're going to send people to you know deep space that's that's going to be a problem when you're out there for years when did you live in that underwater uh i did it yeah that was part of sort of the research that kind of spinned off of the research that we do with the navy but i started partnering with nasa in different capacities of different workshops and i was invited onto the mission as a scientist and uh it's great you get to train three of the astronauts that we trained with michelle lindgren and samantha christopher eddy and jessica watkins they're on international space station now they went up in crew 4 spacex and so they're up there and i think my wife's been emailing jessica because my wife was on uh nemo 23 which was an all-female mission and but these missions vet out different procedures technologies and things and uh and it's part of the astronaut training so many most astronauts become aquanauts you know uh many times they've already flown but part of their training for nasa to be an astronaut is to actually do a space simulation mission uh as part of nasa's extreme environment mission operations or nemo the federal agencies like acronyms so uh so i was uh on nemo 22 my wife was on nemo 23 and it was a great i was a pi on many protocols i think we had five or six irb protocols looking at sleep like we used the aura ring uh we used a polar v800 to look at heart rate variability we did the gut microbiome we did glucose and ketones i stayed in a state of ketosis we did uh we looked at strength you know with grip strength we use a grip strength body composition alterations uh we looked at autonomic activity in regards to brain blood flow uh there's many different we've published some of it but we're sitting and we did taste so taste actually changes in this environment so that would be salty uh sweet uh bitter umami all the different so we're very interested in how taste changes because that's influence interesting don't we crave certain uh certain flavors on uh when we're on airplanes for kind of a similar reason uh good question i would say yes so our early observations in these environments indicate that people crave certain foods and they put tons of hot sauce and and very salty things in these environments but we don't really know why so my wife is a neuroscientist and also more of a behavioral neuroscientist or like let's do some taste studies so we designed you know a taste where we have different salty sweet umami all these and with q-tips and you put it on different areas of the tongue and you have to write down and there's graded levels of salt graded levels of sweet and things like that so we did a very comprehensive taste study uh and i think we're just trying to get it published now but uh but yeah taste changes in these environment it could be the partial pressure obviously is much much higher several times higher co2 is different oxygen's different but i think you know our perception of taste and food being a pleasurable thing that we go to and taste preference is going to be an important thing for you know uh these long duration missions and uh so that was you know one of many different things uh food related that we do on these uh on our research that's so cool does your does your research primarily uh center on center around um like the ketones and the ketogenic diet is that because i because i think people think that yeah is that not true well uh you've sort of become your name has sort of become synonymous with uh a ketogenic diet and but let's dispel that myth right here if that's in fact a myth you know what so i was i was trained as a neuroscientist cellular neuroscientist and i was funded by the office of navy research to understand the the cellular and molecular mechanisms of central nervous system oxygen toxicity which manifested seizures right so in the process of doing that i was very interested in redox signaling so oxidative stress and mitigating it with melatonin i did studies with that uh different uh agents that increased superoxide dismutase and catalase these and and combining these things many of these things actually worked really well in in vitro preparations so you put them on cultured neurons or brain slice and then it blocks oxidative stress and that you know but when you move these things to animal models or humans they don't work uh one thing that was put on my radar because oxygen toxicity as a seizure was and somehow this eluded me because i did my undergrad in nutrition was that the ketogenic diet is actually used clinically for seizures so it was brought to my attention uh by some people dr john rowe who is a keynote speaker at metabolic health summit and then i was in communication with uh patients and one patient in particular in the uk mike dancer and if you google mic dancer and epilepsy you come up with a very interesting story he had drug-resistant epilepsy that you know didn't respond to anything and then at that time of communicating with him i said mike maybe uh because i was telling him try this and that didn't work i was like try the ketogenic diet and we didn't communicate for maybe a couple months and he was like yeah well this the diet i have not had a seizure and he was having multiple seizures so uh i did a little more digging and johns hopkins was doing research this is about 2007 or eight and then i was i pitched the idea to the department of defense of using a ketogenic strategy for oxygen toxicity and they didn't really like the diet because it was high fat and fat's bad for you and everything so they're like come up with a ketogenic diet and a drug so i went on a a manic sort of academic i was reading papers and reaching out to people long story short i connected with a chemist his name was patrick arnold and he had developed some interesting things in the past for performance enhancement and he was willing to synthesize this in small things and and send it to me in the lab and this was a little pet project right i had a lot of things going on i had a little bit of uh startup funds to you know kind of get the synthesis going and then when we got the molecule and we put it into a rat uh a a rat exposed to five atmospheres of oxygen 100 oxygen we'll have a seizure in about five minutes and you know we administered it to the rat with an inter-gastric avage it's kind of like a tube feeding and then we're around the chamber you know 10 minutes go by 20 minutes 30 minutes and then hour goes by and the rat we look through the window and and we're monitoring eeg activity we're monitoring like 14 channels of data coming off this rat and it's just grooming itself and it's acting like nothing's happening to it wow so we're like okay this occasionally we will get an animal that's a super rat and they have some genetic even though it's an inbred strain of animals breg dolly rats uh so you know the animal ended up having a seizure after an hour which was 600 percent uh uh increase in the latency to seizure which is basically like a super rat wow so then we did the next one the next one and we were administering this ketogenic agent uh prior work was done by the navy showing that if you fast animals for 36 hours that doesn't really sound that much that's like a day and a half but for a rat or a rodent that's actually about fasting for a week to 10 days then that will delay oxygen toxicity about 200 to 300 percent but what we did in this study is administer a ketone ester which produced starvation level ketosis in 15 to 20 minutes uh so we we put the animal in the chamber and then pressurized the chamber of the five atmospheres of oxygen and at that level if you pull blood on the animal it looked like they had fasted you know it looked like a human fasted for seven to ten days and that elevation of ketones uh it also seems to dramatically reduce glucose levels so glucose goes way down ketones go way up the brain basically shifts from using glucose to using ketones as an energy source and the ketones not only stabilize neurotransmission under high pressure oxygen which is a very powerful oxidative stress stimulant but it it changes the neurochemistry it changes neurotransmitter systems brain energy systems and um and it does it in a way that is profoundly anti-seizure and neuroprotective so you know we we did a couple rats and we realized we're on to something and then the the trajectory of my career changed from a drug-based i'm in a pharmacology department to this high-fat ketogenic diet exogenous ketone track and i was in a tenure track position kind of thought it was academic suicide but went down that road anyway because i knew this you know we were on to something and uh and then we've applied therapeutic ketosis to alzheimer's disease you know and dr mary newport who i told you about who you talked about in your book has a very near and dear friend of mine and uh her observation and her husband steve using mct oil and coconut oil and actually his improvements on the clock test and the mini mental status exam he was uh he was tested at the bird alzheimer's center which is right right by my lab and so i connected with mary because i was already very interested in ketones with the director of the alzheimer's center he wrote a quick grant it got funded by the alzheimer's association and then a student a phd student of mine melanie brownlow did her phd dissertation on the ketogenic diet in alzheimer's mouse models and these models accumulate amyloid and tau plaques and the field has been very enthusiastic about these models but there are many caveats to these models we tend to think of amyloid and tau accumulation as a downstream epiphenomenon of dysregulated energy metabolism and neural inflammation in the brain so basically another symptom not necessarily the cause that would be right yes so these these toxic plaques accumulate for example uh if you inject lps into an animal uh they will an lps a lipopolysaccharide uh so i talked a little bit about like when you have inflammation when you have injury when you have an infection like uh cytomegalovirus epstein-barr virus lyme disease herpes simplex virus these things cause systemic inflammation and then systemic inflammation will undoubtedly lead to neural inflammation it's the inflammation that's a driver for the accumulation of these toxic plaques amyloid and tau uh you know we know it's a very controversial so it was super controversial about 10 years ago less controversial about five years ago and now mainstream science and actually investigators like federally funded you know uh ivy league investigators are now you know writing grants and saying this is this is true this is there's an infectious agent that's actually contributing to alzheimer's the etiology of alzheimer's disease is largely unknown and it could be multifactorial but i do think metabolic dysregulation infectious agents are major contributors to not only alzheimer's disease but parkinson's and ms and als and these things and and finally now people are looking into this i couldn't agree more yeah there was that um that article in science that came out just a couple of weeks ago talking about how this the amyloid mafia really really silenced and and oftentimes even ridiculed anybody within academia who would present an alternate viewpoint to this amyloid hypothesis that amyloid beta these the tangled proteins misfolded proteins that they see in the brains of cadavers who died with alzheimer's disease is the cause of the condition yeah but you're saying that it's it's been clear for decades at this point yeah um so i you know attended society for neuroscience back when i was in the 90s you know when i was a neuroscience student and it was like the beta beta amyloid group and then the towels or the taoists you know and there was this debate between the two which one is important uh but i think they're they're both you know uh a symptom of the problem and and and i think there are genetic you know predispositions for people to accumulate these these toxic like apoe4 positive or something like that or even uh you know early onset familial you know variant which makes up only one to two percent of cases but yeah that's like due to a mutation that's not yeah that's a different animal than late onset yeah for the apo e4 positive people and interestingly uh there was some work done and i think you mentioned in your book sam henderson uh yeah so uh so mary newport's story is very interesting and it got me down the path of exodus ketones because she discovered a patent on a molecule that actually improved uh improved the symptomology and actually reversed some of the cognitive deficits that were associated with alzheimer's disease so in this patent it described a molecule a molecule called ac1202 if you look it and she further went down the rabbit hole and discovered ac1202 is caprylic triglyceride which is an eight carbon medium chain triglyceride that's found in any health food store really but it usually has a combination of c8 and c10 but you can also buy like brain octane dave asprey's brain octane and then cap tree was another one so essentially this patented molecule axona i believe so she just went out and got you know coconut oil and then mct oil gave it to her husband and then he responded remarkably well to this so um so it was her early work uh on agents that could be administered orally that could elevate these ketone bodies and the hallmark characteristic of alzheimer's disease is impaired glucose metabolism right so if you do fluorodeoxyglucose pet scan on patients who have alzheimer's disease even mild cognitive impairment is a decrease in brain energy metabolism and that could be due to a number of different things that i think are working in parallel one is uh there's often a vascular issue in patients so they have a decrease in brain blood flow uh from clogged arteries and things like that uh but also the glucose transporters so getting glucose across the blood-brain barrier that's the glut 1 transporter getting glucose into the neurons itself that's the glut 3 transporter and into the mitochondria glut3 and then once it's in the mitochondria the glucose needs to be converted to our our energy currency is atp right and what does that the uh the main sort of uh throttle or uh limitation of glucose oxidation is pyruvate dehydrogenase complex or pdh complex so you can go to any period you can go to pubmed and look up you know pdh and alzheimer's disease and so everybody's you know there's very good evidence that pyruvate dehydrogenase complex is deficient and that even if it's active even if it's made it's largely inactive or less active in people with alzheimer's there's uh some theory is an internalization of the glut3 transporter so glucose is hitting the cells but it can't get in probably a decrease in brain blood flow what's very interesting is that ketones and ketogenic therapies that could be it could be intermittent fasting with low carb it could be a ketogenic diet or it could be mct oil or exogenous ketones so there are different ways and these are not mutually exclusive they can be used together elevating ketone levels in the blood will increase brain blood flow up to 30 percent actually 25 to 30 increase in brain blood flow with doppler blood flow measurements were made uh this mimics some of the stuff we've done with wound healing uh when one of my students shannon kessel uh did a study with wound healing showing an increase in brain blood flow so i'm a believer in that theory and also if you have an inborn error metabolism like glucose transporter type 1 deficiency syndrome or pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency syndrome patients who have this are put on the standard of care with a ketogenic diet so if you have these disorders the only medical therapy to treat these disorders is the ketogenic diet so the ketones are elevated in the blood and then in the case of glut1d deficiency is that it restores brain energy metabolism because there's uh the spinal fluid is basically uh hypoglycemic and so the levels of glucose in the the intracellular fluid in the spine is lower than two millimolar and that's you usually the cut off point and your brain is started with glucose and you have seizures you're you can't move but when you're on a ketogenic diet and i've seen kids that once they enter a state of ketosis they wake up and they can walk and they're just like their brains have energy again so with pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency syndrome the same thing you get into a state of ketosis and your brain has the metabolic flexibility to adapt from using glucose to ketones and it's not like it's using one or the other it can use you know glucose ketones it can use lactate under certain circumstances you know bringing this all back to alzheimer's disease uh there's a metabolic component to alzheimer's disease obviously so it's like the hallmark characteristic is impaired and one way to circumvent that is to restore brain energy metabolism with therapeutic ketosis so dr stephen cunning has shown that as we age our brain has a reduced capacity to use glucose as an energy source but it does not have a reduced capacity to use ketones as an energy source so ketones can sort of fill that energetic gap and the ketones are not only restoring energy they're actually changing neurotransmitter systems that can be beneficial for alzheimer's disease and we know that it's very beneficial for seizures so [Music] many people talk about drugs as being like a magic bullet you know there's some drugs that function so a ketogenic diet alters many different uh pathways in synergy right so it's like a magic shotgun so there's like lots of bullets and each one for example if we talk about neurotransmitter systems it activates glutamic acid decarboxylate so 65 are elevated so this actually converts the this enzyme converts more glutamate which is hyper excitatory to gaba which is brain stabilizing and no i don't think about it as inhibitory uh just more brain stabilizing interesting uh many anti-seizure medications are gabaergic so vigabatrin for example work through gaba anti-anxiety medications so xanax benzodiazepines are gabaergic and that's why the ketogenic diet has applications and we were talking about this earlier for metabolic psychiatry metabolic psychiatry yes being spearheaded by dr sethi shabani sethi at stanford and dr christopher palmer at harvard uh and the bezucky brain research foundation is funding a lot of this work that would otherwise not be funded and it's using ketogenic metabolic therapies ketogenic diets and variations of diet as a metabolic therapy for bipolar disorder depression schizophrenia in particular in drug-resistant patients so a whole array of neurological conditions yes yes and it's a movement that's being spearheaded now i've kind of been in and the back end of it we had a satellite conference you at metabolic health summit but it's going to be a big this track of using nutrition to improve brain health with particular disorders that are drug resistant it's worked remarkably well for epilepsy and we know that many patients who have bipolar the go-to therapies are actually anti-epileptic drugs so like i mentioned it's not only changing brain energy metabolism but it's changing the neuropharmacology of the brain uh in regards to epilepsy to to control the seizures and if we if we you know extrapolate this to uh mental disorders uh manic episodes for example in bipolar can be managed if you you know decrease glutamate and elevate gaba or you know increase adenosine and and alter you know brain blood flow and balance the brain energy and neurotransmitter systems so i think it has i was a little bit skeptical in the beginning of of this uh until like five or six years ago but then my wife who's also a neuroscientist was running a lot of the experiments she doesn't do podcasts but she's in the trenches actually running the experiments why i do but she observed through our work and in the lab that when we gavage the animals and we give them these exogenous ketones that they were super easy to hold they weren't trying to get out of your hands you can pet them and they're just like very docile so we were thinking oh they're just like sedated you know we're just putting them into ketoacidosis but when we put them on treadmills or with this device called erotorod they run farther and longer and then they have better balance so we realized that they're not sedated and then we put when we put them on something called an elevated plus maze which uh in the pharmaceutical industries they use an elevated plus maze to look at anxiety so an elevated plus means is like a catwalk so you you'd the animal goes out onto an elevated uh platform and it could fall off the edge and it's exposed to the environment or it can run into an enclosure which is elevated but it's like a little cave and if the animal is calm and has an attenuated fear response it'll spend more time on the elevated platform exposed to the environment and if you give an animal xanax or benzodiazepines you know it'll attenuate that fear response and it'll spend more time in the open arm so we observe that in a state of ketosis the anti-social effects that are associated with the fear response are attenuated and similar to uh xanax you know about the same amount of time if you look if you pull the studies uh from xanax and you look at the elevated plus maze they'll spend about 25 percent more time out to 30 more time in the open arm so we published this uh we actually looked at the mechanism that it was a adenosinergic mechanism was associated with that so yeah so that that actually we have some pre-clinical animal model data and adenosine is uh it's that's essentially what caffeine blocks yeah dennis uh caffeine does a lot of things but it's yeah it's part and denison receptor antagonist so that's why a large dose of caffeine can can boost anxiety right to some extent because you are in people who have anxiety disorders uh they need to be careful with with their dose of caffeine um so it was working through um you know an adenosinergic mechanism but i think other mechanisms are are probably at play there but the the important thing is that like we were making these observations and then shortly after that uh chris palmer and his work got put onto my radar and several other investigators who were basically using ketogenic diet therapies in their patients when all else failed and this was a way to manage their their psychotic episodes you know with bipolar but also other disorders and uh and it made sense from some of the observations that we saw in the lab so it you know from from what i've seen from what i experienced myself i you know um didn't really like public speaking it was scared death to even i didn't want to do a phd because i knew i had to do a public defense and i was like crippled with fear even when i was a little kid and i got picked to read like in class i would freeze up and i couldn't even talk i was just like so i had like ptsd because of this wow so all through you know because i wasn't really the smartest kid growing up i think i had that stigma but as through college you know or high school i got interested in biology and fitness and i think that motivated me to learn biology and and just study harder and and kind of i made up for that but uh but i realized that uh when i'm in a therapeutic ketosis state and that could be with fasting or uh a well-calculated ketogenic diet i feel totally different and that has helped me academically you know i started doing this as i entered a tenure track position and i was much more prolific with writing grants and papers and teaching and all the stuff you have to do in academia which is a ton of stuff i was able to manage that better and manage and balance my life better just because my mind was so sharp and i was much more calm but isn't isn't the key isn't being in a state of ketosis is also a a form of stress on the body i can't can't correct me if i'm wrong can it not uh cause an elevation of stress hormones that could sort of have the inverse effect potentially uh acute ketosis and someone who's naive to ketosis who has not experienced it before uh yeah you're right and i think a lot of people don't think about it that way if you were to measure someone's heart rate and someone's stress hormones if they enter a state of ketosis it you know that's why some people get a lot a boost of energy the next day when they're fasting because that's your sympathetic nervous system being activated yeah that's the catecholamines that's an elevation of cortisol probably mobilizing glycogen from the liver and also fat from you know fat stores and adipose tissue yes so that's true and some people could have a more robust elevation and things like cortisol and some people uh you know it could remain sustained but typically what happens is that um you know it's a stressor just like exercise the stressor you know if you if i go and exercise super hard now and you pull my blood and you look at it and be like well okay you shouldn't do that i don't know what you did but you shouldn't be doing that but it's it's the uh the adaptation to the stress that we're looking for right so when you enter when you fast or go on a ketogenic diet it suppresses insulin insulin signaling and changes your metabolic physiology in a way that basically causes you to pull off your fat stores for energy you deplete liver glycogen and then the the fat cannot cross a blood brain barrier so we convert you know these fatty acids to ketones beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate they cross the blood they're like water-soluble fat molecules so this transition is a stress to the body but it's the adaptations associated with being in a state of ketosis that are very favorable for our physiology and our brain energy and brain neurotransmission you know and that's why it works for epilepsy no other diet will actually change brain neuropharmacology to control seizures it doesn't matter it's not a calories in calories out thing you can't take a mediterranean diet you can't take a low carb diet you can't take a a low-fat diet you can't take a vegan diet and apply it as a medical therapy so the ketogenic diet is very unique in that independent of calories has nothing to do with calories you could be eucalyptic be hypercaloric when you administer this diet it changes your metabolic and because we know that it does this for epilepsy it makes all the sense in the world that it's profoundly has profound capacity and potential to be used in for mental health disorders so the science needs to validate this through uh clinical trials and that's what jan and david bezuki are funding a lot of this and christopher palmer also is part they actually treated their son who had matt who had bipolar and it was profoundly effective for him so this made them think that something was there and then i'll come to find out many other patients and then i get emailed by many patients who have variety of disorders from attention deficit disorder to depression to bipolar to schizophrenia and many of them i realize something's here and maybe they're biased you know in the beginning i thought maybe this is biased people they're believing that it's going to help them but they're showing me their blood work and um you know even independent even if it wasn't a ketogenic diet if they just lost weight and they improved their uh cardiometabolic biomarkers inflammation went down just by a calorie restriction effect you know calories in calories out model and they lost weight and their body composition improved you know that would improve mental health but typically what we see happen is that they implement the diet uh it becomes a little bit difficult but if they're working with a dietician which i urge them to do they get very rapid control of for example a manic episode or something so it works rapidly and then it the more you do it uh the more beneficial it tends to be over time if you sustain it if you can sustain it but i would say maybe only 20 of people can sustain it so that's why we're very interested in developing exogenous ketones which can be used to further augment the therapeutic efficiency of the ketogenic diet and maybe someone could just do like a high protein low carb diet instead of a calculated medical ketogenic diet which is very it's like 85 90 fat you know the clinical ketogenic diet so if we could just do a healthy whole foods you know mediterranean-like diet and then supplement it with mcts or exogenous ketones to achieve and sustain that therapeutic state to change brain energy systems then that that could be a way to go like i was very skeptical that just giving ketone supplements to a rat would like control seizures but uh i was under the opinion that your whole physiology had to change to get the anti-seizure effects of the ketogenic so actually the the first ketones that we studied were beta-hydroxybutyrate esters and uh i kind of lost enthusiasm when we gave the we gave one-three-butane diol and we gave a one-three-butane dial uh beta-hydroxybutter ketone ester and that did not that had no effect on the seizures it was only after we used a molecule that elevated both beta-hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate in a one-to-one ratio that had profound anti-seizure effects so they take home there's a lot of exogenous ketones out there some may have applications for you know uh particular disorders so you have to figure out there there's different formulations and there's different dosing scenarios too what about consider what about in the in the non-clinical setting the the potential benefits of a ketogenic diet for somebody who is not struggling with a neurological or mental health related um issue what what what's in it for for them and also i guess in in tandem with that is there a role for the kid for ketones the ketogenic diet more broadly in the prevention of dementia because i as far as i know at least when i was writing genius foods there wasn't much information much much literature on that on uh ketogenic diet as a potential prophylactic for cognitive decline right it's like useful as a therapeutic diet for somebody who's who's struggling with cognitive decline but um but yeah if you could just unpack yeah uh so as a preventative strategy yeah for the everyday person well i mean i told you my my uh situation right so uh i went from eating a relatively moderate and some some days a high carb diet um and i was really into working out and lifting everything i just always thought you needed carbs and insulin to build and grow muscle to maintain that muscle weren't you bodybuilding like wasn't i was very much into fitness and that's what got me to nutrition and then i connected with people uh a group of people like in the natural bodybuilder like lane norton you know he's a good friend of mine we have different opinions about uh about things so actually he's he's very open-minded about the ketogenic diet and even has uh lane's book i'll plug it uh fat loss forever i think and there's a chapter in there about the ketogenic diet for body composition so he's open enough to basically say hey this is a tool that can be used and people who want to use the ketogenic diet some people just like ketogenic foods you know and can do that and it i'm of the opinion that it works a ketogenic diet has more favorable effects on body composition when you're in a calorie deficit than a higher i think lane would probably debate that uh and i think it's you know some people for some people it's better so yeah i i came at this from the perspective of hey let's do a keto diet and see i noticed that i lost fat quicker but it was also hard for me to sustain my body weight on it uh so the the major side effect for me was weight loss which i didn't really necessarily want and then maintaining strength and muscle size was also a bit harder on a ketogenic diet so i had to because a ketogenic diet is uh hypopalatable and hyper satiating meaning that and this is has you know can translate to the everyday person most people in the world right i think like sean stevenson just told me that 150 million people are overweight and have you know and and this these are real numbers i mean the majority of the us population is significantly overweight or obese right so yeah one and two gonna be obese by the year 2030. so a dietary approach that uh and a ketogenic diet is restrictive but if you if you eat in a ketogenic way right and you select the foods that uh the big thing is just avoiding processed food and sugar right and you just you could just eat low carb didn't necessarily have to be ketogenic you uh but when it's ketogenic then what happens is your food selection is kind of limited so uh the palatability there's not a whole lot of hyper palatable ketogenic foods but in addition to that it's changing the neuropharmacology of your brain and i'm going to keep pointing back to that because like i said no other diet that we know of will control seizures when it's eu caloric right it's like so it's doing something so we know that and there's good you know randomized clinical studies controlled studies for that it is actually changing the behavior around eating i think it's changing neurotransmitter systems suppressing ghrelin altering leptin signaling you know elevating ketones which i think when your brain has steady fuel flow when you're fasting you get really hungry right because your glucose is low but once you liberate those fatty acids and they get converted to ketones in the liver and then those ketones cross the blood-brain barrier then they stabilize brain energy then you're not hungry as long as the brain has a source of energy then it'll prevent the the knee-jerk reaction of cravings interesting right so uh and that's why i think using a continuous blood glucose monitoring system uh is really important if you have high variability in your postprandial glucose fluctuations typically what happens you eat carbohydrates uh it spikes up rapidly 20 you know 30 40 50 milligrams per deciliter you release insulin and then about two hours later you have after the wild postprandial excursions into high high zone you have a postprandial dip in your glucose and you become mildly hypo in a normal healthy person will be mildly hypo glycemic and that hypoglycemic phase sometimes it'll trigger shakes and a sympathetic reaction where you get the shakes and everything hypoglycemic effect and that will trigger cravings for more of the carbohydrates you just ate so when you're on a low carb when you're on a ketogenic diet it basically abolishes any kind of glycemic fluctuations to where your energy level and your mood and your appetite are stabilized and that's that could be extremely important for someone who's struggling with an eating disorder who is obese and just has a a problem with their relationship with food because they have crushing cravings right so maybe they're insulin resistant and and some part leptin resistant so the leptin leptin's elevated but it's not hitting the receptor so they still have these cravings and uh so i think it has a lot of utility in that end i don't think the i view the ketogenic diet as an unnatural metabolic therapy that's very potent for epilepsy so i'm on what i call like a modified uh modified mediterranean supplemented ketogenic diet to where it's higher in protein so my protein level is it would be if you wanted there is the modified ketogenic diet is actually used for adults with epilepsy whereas the for pediatric population they still use the four to one or three to one but my protein is like you know upwards of forty percent of my calories and then you know uh a fat makes up another forty or fifty percent where i get ten to twenty percent of my calories from fiber and i i talked about my ketogenic diet is fat protein and fiber so fiber being basically carbohydrates green leafy vegetables broccoli some berries so just high fiber uh vegetables and and high fiber fruit and that kind of diet will do eighty percent of what the ketogenic diet will do in regards to um some of the metabolic effects like stabilizing blood glucose and things like that and i think if you're doing a purely ketogenic diet you are restricting a lot of vegetables and things that have phytonutrients so you know broccoli has sulforaphane and then all the polyphenols and many of these plants we know are beneficial and the fiber so i'm not of the opinion that we can just eat meat and exclude all the fiber and be optimized i really do think that soluble fiber and insoluble fiber and phytonutrients that are in plants have profound benefits and i will there's no way to argue against that the data is just so overwhelming on fiber that they would just be stupid to try to like refute that fiber is is not beneficial the data is just so overwhelming and one could say that you know when people are eating more fiber they're eating less of the junk food and things like that but i think if you control for all of that and also i know that with a ketogenic diet i can do a ketogenic macronutrient ratio but when i include higher fiber that actually improves digestion and it actually lowers the glycemic response so of the protein so when you have fiber mixed in with a protein you're not digesting the protein as fast so fat and fiber tend to delay gastric absorption and that can cause less of an insulin response from the protein and uh and it has less effect you see on the cgm right because protein is insulinogenic correct protein is yeah it's especially if you like uh you know consume protein as a liquid bolus i mean like a whey protein yeah you consume all the time yep so that that is uh insulinogenic but it only has you know maybe a third of the insulin effects of carbohydrates from on a calorie basis and you know and one could argue that um if you're working out and you're trying to build muscle that little pulse and insulin that you get along with branched chain amino acids and essential amino acids that can help shuttle that to skeletal muscle protein synthesis which can help aid in muscle growth and repair so and it's not like a massive you know hit you're going to get by drinking i think a gatorade or something like that so one could leverage that little bump and insulin especially if you're metabolically healthy but so if if you were someone who's you know overweight and you're insulin resistant and you're trying to lose weight uh consuming protein in a liquid form our our bodies handle calories considerably different in liquid form as opposed to solid form so i'm of the opinion we should be chewing our food mastication is important you know a lot of even babies probably have problems now because the early baby food was the pre-masticated food that the mom would eat and then kind of and give it to the baby actually so but now we're giving basically sugary formulas oh yeah in some impoverished uh areas of the united states they basically give like mountain dew and they're in the bottom it's very it's very disheartening yeah yeah i just became an uncle my uh my little brother had a baby and i've been sort of immersed in that world and checking out all the different formulas i think thankfully they're breastfeeding with no problem but they had to i think initially use a little bit of the formula and it's literally it's like corn syrup and exactly yeah and vegetable oil yeah and you know what tragic is that a lot of hospitals have this as a medical food like ensure is basically just uh sugar infused powdered milk with some hydrogenated fats and some vitamins in there yeah i mean this is this is bad i would never defend and sure but i also because i have experience with profound chronic disease and muscle wasting disease you know i feel like for for somebody especially of an older generation where they just want something palatable like i feel like our palettes are trained to some degree yeah like if you know something is good for you right like there's gonna be a lower threshold of uh or at least a higher threshold of disc of disgust right yeah but for somebody of like my mom and dad's generation they just want things to taste good so i feel like for that population if you just want to put calories in a person yeah yeah in the context of weight loss or malnutrition things like that some of these liquid formulas are the way to go right because you're just uh you're circumventing that and just getting nutrition but uh i you know i was talking with robert lustig uh last night at dinner uh the ancestral health symposium and you know i he's on a crusade to just really target these calorie containing uh it's like liquid calories are basically just it's liquid candy it's a bolus hitting the system and it has a profoundly different effect on our liver and metabolic physiology than chewing food even food that has processed carbohydrates and sugar in it drinking sugar in a sugar-laden beverage has a profoundly different effect and actually and someone presented this data at another conference the data supporting sugar-laden processed foods as causing you know problems uh a host of metabolic problems is very weak whereas sugar-laden beverages uh problems associated with that with you know fatty liver and other things are is very very strong relative so uh they're both not good but i would say sugar laden calorie containing beverage is probably an order of magnitude of double of what a sugar sugar-laden you know processed food like a pop-tart wow so although i've eaten a pop-tart and it spikes me up to like 200 milligrams per deciliter a single pop-tart and uh i've compared it to a similar pop-tart type thing legendary tasty pastry so legendary nutrition makes like a tasty and some may argue that that's a processed food right but it tastes pretty similar and it's a completely different metabolic response where i just get a little bump up maybe 10 10 milligrams per deciliter and it's like two different things that are good to eat they're very tasty and they have two different metabolic responses so i think that's a huge step in the right direction i mean i and i i commend these food companies that are basically taking things like a pop-tart and making like a healthy version of it so that could be a way to wean people off and kids off i mean if the price point comes down obviously you know things like pop-tarts and twinkies and things are super cheap and it's very unfortunate that mountain dew and regular coke and everything that are in these impoverished areas are cheaper than water so you have people who don't you know they live off the grid and they're on you know in rural areas with not very good well water so when they go to get something to drink it's like do i buy water a gallon of water or just a couple liters of mountain dew which is cheaper yeah you know and they give it to their kids as baby you know they're nutrition for kids yeah but do you not develop uh i mean just going back to the you know you and the pop tart um do not develop when you're in ketosis physiology physiologic insulin resistance like would you your blood sugar probably spiked as high as it did when you had the pop tart because your body is in a state of of conserving whatever glucose is available for the brain right so you develop you develop a a sort of healthy temporary form of insulin resistance yeah that's a that's a good point that you bring up um so if we're eating you know completely like no carbohydrates and and high fat uh so my glu if i control for calories my glucose lays stays relatively the same it's just like a flat line right but it could but instead of instead of being 78 and flat if i go to a clinical ketogenic diet that's four to one it could go up to like 82 and being flat it's like where is the glucose coming from i'm eating no glucose although my baseline glucose just went up like five milligrams per deciliter and that's due to a number of different reasons one is that you know the glycerol backbone of triglycerides converts to glucose that's glycerol that can convert but you are basically shutting down glucose oxidation in the muscle and getting the muscle to use to increase fatty acid oxidation and your heart's using fats for fuel instead of glucose so a ketogenic diet has a mild glucose sparing effect a high carb diet has a fat sparing effect that's why if you were to go into blood work to get blood work in the morning you fasted overnight but you were to eat a rice cake and then go and get blood work your triglycerides would be very high would be could be off the charts because the glucose that's derived from the rice cake is very fat sparing right so you get a pulse of insulin you should stop burning and then the triglycerides show up in your blood uh so this similar scenario happens if you're on a very strict ketogenic diet that it's it's glucose sparing but what's important with a ketogenic diet is that you're also suppressing the hormone insulin if you suppress the hormone insulin you're decreasing glycolysis globally right so if you if someone's on a ketogenic diet and you inject insulin in them it will basically it's like the activator of glycolysis so you'll have rapid glucose disposal so it'll be translocation of the glut4 transporter yeah and you get you get activation uh very dramatic glucose disposal so essentially that's happened you have a mild form of that and i am if you're not managing some kind of could that send you into a coma i mean like if you're on a ketogenic diet you're not where the carbs coming from when once you inject that that insulin okay not not too many people do this although i have experimented sometimes so what we know uh well i'm gonna tell you a quick story that you've probably heard before because i usually include it in a lot of my talks and so the late dr dr george cahill who i was i think he passed away in 2012 but i had the pleasure very grateful to connect with him and colleagues dr richard veach dr theodore van italy dr sami hashem these are all icons in the field uh honoree brewing grabber from case western so dr george cahill and oliver owen who was a resident in the time at harvard medical school fasted subjects for 40 days and these were subjects that were overweight my recollection is that it was a divinity school so they were like conscious conscientious objectors or whatever so uh anyway they fasted the subjects for 40 days and then they looked at brain blood flow to and from the brain right and they determined that uh prior to 1967 it was thought that the brain could only use glucose as an energy source and oliver owen and george cahill at harvard medical school don't ask me how they got this past irb approval maybe they didn't have irbs they fasted subjects for uh 40 days and determined that after about seven to ten days about 60 to 70 percent of brain energy metabolism was derived from ketone bodies beta hydroxybutyrate and acetoacetate so this was like really this actually had to rewrite the medical textbooks so the brain can can use other fuels instead of glucose but an extension of the study that i found published in another book showed a graph of them injecting insulin in subjects who were i realized oh this was the same study but it didn't make it into like the peer-reviewed publication but i found that they injected 20 ius of insulin in these faceted subjects brought their glucose down these fasted subjects had glucose levels of like 3.3 to 3.5 so almost normal just like low normal but it pushed their glucose down into like nearly one millimolar which is universally fatal so i teach to the medical students like you know when it goes down to two then you kind of transition into a coma you could have a seizure you know at one you're absolutely dead no non-negotiable you're dead uh so they pushed the glucose down with an insulin bolus down to one to two millimolar down to just about one millimolar it was 18 yeah 18 to 20 milligrams per deciliter which is about one millimolar and uh the subjects were asymptomatic for hypoglycemia and they even did a couple tests they were very lucid cognizant and there was no signs of hypoglycemia in subjects that should be dead so i don't recommend doing that but you know i've tinkered around in the lab and was able to independent just following a low-carb diet elevate my ketones with i don't want anybody to try it but you there's ways to elevate your ketones with exogenous ketones and then manipulate glucose so you lower it in the in that context glucose or the ketones become profoundly neuroprotective in the context of for example insulin shock in the context for example you know and that's kind of what happens uh in the process of type 1 diabetes but that case is profoundly different because you have hyperglycemia on top of runaway ketogenesis because the the insulin is not there to regulate ketogenesis but but i think the important takeaway is that ketones are profoundly neuroprotective in the context of hypoglycemia and that has very important medical implications that i think people listening to this that our investigators could follow up on and i think they are i think there's some clinical trials on this and a lot of good animal data and i could tell you from an m1 perspective that ketones are very uh profound they can basically rescue a person from from hypoglycemic episode so that that's an important consideration there's nothing else that could do that maybe lactate alpha l poly lactate or something like that i i tinkered around with lactate before i actually went down the ketone track and i want to revisit lactate because i think it's an important or a protective molecule but i think getting back to your question so when you go on a strictly ketogenic diet your body is adapted to burning fat and ketones for fuel and then when you throw in carbohydrates you're going to have an exaggerated elevation of blood glucose and maybe even excess insulin being released because it's not doing its job my recommendation for people who just want to optimize their metabolic health is to do like a low carb diet but to introduce carbohydrates in and around workouts you know carbs in the form of whole foods of course and uh the fiber content of the carbs you consume should be 30 or more 20 25 to 35 so that that's actually my criteria for selecting carbohydrates wouldn't say well what carbs do i eat what are good carbs or bad carbs uh pick carbohydrates that are about 30 fiber and that will narrow down the selection to where that'll essentially be like a non-glycemic carbohydrate wow yeah so just like a simple you know math formula you could do just looking up the food or looking at the nutritional information i doubt breads and pastas meet that criteria but are there any like whole fruits or or you know fruits or vegetables that that don't meet that criteria or is is like all are all fruits and vegetables on the table pretty much yeah i mean everything that's like acellular you gotta avoid like you know any kind of grain so basically yeah you want to and there's you know the when you consume something that's water rich so like vegetables are you're consuming water which has bulk and fiber and you're consuming a source of carbohydrates that has a minimal glycemic effect so you know basically you're feeding your microbiome the fiber will decrease gastric absorption and attenuate the insulin effect from eating if you're eating a lot of protein so there's just multiple benefits and not to mention all the phytonutrients and polyphenols and things that you get from from vegetables i mean it's hard to argue like i wouldn't even want to have the conversation that's kind of stupid it's hard to argue that vegetables are are not beneficial i'm with you i'm with you so do you think so then again from the standpoint of of dementia prevention which is which is a topic that i'm super passionate about um do you think that it makes sense then because i know there's limited data on prevention uh with you know on ketogenic diets with regard to prevention but would do you think it's it's plausible then that you know being in intermittent ketosis on a on a daily weekly maybe even seasonal basis could could be potentially a smart strategy i absolutely think so and i think i mean you talked about um sort of going down the path of of preventative uh medicine right and and prevention strategies that could be either from an outreach perspective or clinical trials perspective this needs to be promoted and i think we need more research behind it but i think anything that improves cardiometabolic biomarkers anything that's good for the heart is going to be good for the brain so anything that optimizes keeps insulin low keeps hemoglobin a1c low fasting blood glucose low uh hscrp low and and probably most like triglycerides are low triglycerides so yeah triglycerides are you know i haven't really talked about it much i mean we can talk about the ldl and hdl and things like that too but i'd love to actually if you have the time and yeah and the will uh yeah i may direct you to some other people but i i have some thoughts on that but uh when when someone starts a ketogenic diet and they send me blood work and this has happened probably a dozen times over the last 10 years and they are eu caloric which means they're they're not gaining any weight uh their weight is stable and their triglycerides go up i've seen triglycerides go up you know two or three times higher when they're following acute and which is the complete opposite of what should be happening that person has a fatty acid oxidation disorder i don't know it could be a snip or whatever they're just not metabolizing utilizing transporting and using that fat efficiently so they should probably gravitate towards more of a higher carb or moderate carb approach higher protein you know moderate carb lower fat approach uh because your body is just and that's after even a period of time i've seen this triglycerides are the big red flag if that's elevated if you're doing low carb and that's elevated and sustains elevated then low carb ketogenic diets are not for you and you would not want to follow this diet for an alzheimer's prevention protocol but excluding that rare relatively rare circumstance any if a low-carb ketogenic approach is optimizing metabolic biomarkers defined as you know insulin glucose triglycerides elevated hdl ldl is not so much of an issue in the context people that are achieving an improvement in other metabolic health biomarkers and also having favorable body composition alterations in response to a low carb or ketogenic diet approach those people should not be concerned about ldl in the con the people that should be concerned about ldl are people who have existing metabolic damage so people who have high insulin resistant high hemoglobin a1c low hdl high triglycerides if their ldl is elevated on a ketogenic diet or low carb diet or if they've had like you know a heart attack or stroke or something like that those people should not do a high carb or not do a high fat diet not do a low carb diet and there's people should probably use a statin too but for though i mean there are also ways that you can modulate the kinds of fats in your diet too it is yeah most a lot of people won't do that in that case sometimes drug therapy yes so that's a good point uh that you've brought up uh but even people for example nick norwitz who uh is a harvard md phd student he'd be a really good person to have have on this on this show he's went down the rabbit hole of the ldl and published a few papers recently with dr david ludwig from harvard his ldl was something like 500 and so but his triglycerides are like you know 30s or 40s and he's like super lean and athletic you know and everything is perfect but his ldl is like he's one of he's a person that that fits the criteria of what's called a lean mass hyper responder which super low uh triglycerides you know and um and astronomically high ldl and high super high hdl so i mean their their cardio metabolic profile is unlike really anything we've ever seen or that's documented in the literature i've seen people have emailed me over the years but now we're getting a lot of people who are adopting a ketogenic very low carbohydrate diet strategy as a lifestyle approach and they're they're everything is improving including their body composition blood pressure triglycerides hdl goes up you know glycemia is is very good but they're they have ldls in the four or five six hundred range which is like very interesting and if i revert back to a clinical ketogenic diet like a four to one my ldl will climb into the 300s ldl alone i'm not talking about total cholesterol ldl alone so it wouldn't concern you uh not in the context of all these other biomarkers that are improving in the other direction in the in but to be uh cautious i do an nmr lipid profile and uh the the the particle size and particle number are also very important to look at so i would advise to do that and but i would not i would not use a statin drug or lipid lowering agents uh with it with that elevated ld in the improving and an optimized body composition which is if you're super lean and you're muscular and you're athletic that the elevation of ldl is not going to kill you it's it's not it's like uh it's something to track though because we just don't have enough data on it right uh and it's if it's in the 5 600 range there are ways that you can adjust the fatty acid composition of your diet so for example high monounsaturated fats high omega-3 fatty acids but right but there's quite a few people i'm in contact with that are doing that where basically they have pretty low saturated fats and high monounsaturated fats and astronomically high omega-3 fats and they're still in the 5 and 600 range and if you look at them they're physical specimens that are that would outrun me outperform me in every metrics you know and uh and they're just you know this so that then falls into this like lipid energy model where you know when we talk about cholesterol we're typically talking about lipoprotein right so the labor protein is the vehicle that's transporting the phospholipids and the fatty acids to the muscle for fatty acid oxidation so they're like little boats carriers in the body and if you've transitioned your body to burning fats and ketones for fuel you need to dramatically upregulate the transport systems that are delivering the fat to uh because fat doesn't travel in a lipid in a liquid medium so it needs a protein carrier and ldl serves that function and to the extent to what extent it serves in that function and how that's related to you know blood levels of ldl so typically like you know blood levels of cholesterol are alarming to some people because your body your cells make all the cholesterol that it needs inside the cell and one could argue that it's not good to have cholesterol in your blood because your cells make plenty of it you know there's no need but uh but i think when we're talking about cholesterol we're talking about a lipoprotein that not only carries cholesterol but it also carries uh you know phospholipids and triglycerides and things so we need to view it from that context but if lp little a is high that could be problematic i think that that that would kind of concern me or uh apo be a little less concerned than i would you was years ago but uh but these things also tend to climb with ldl and i just think they need to be you need to be cognizant and you need to track it if if you are one of these people who have yeah i did i did blood work fairly recently and my my triglycerides were 48. yeah that's that's fantastic is it fantastic yeah my total cholesterol was 182 milligrams per deciliter my ldl c was 101. huh so you're you're like borderline and that's ridiculous you know because your triglycerides according to the guidelines right borderline high ldl but really i mean the cutoff is a hundred isn't it yeah so yeah yeah yeah i would not i mean i there was there's no universe in which i would begin taking a stat but yeah but i'm probably i'm probably prone to hypercholesterolemia because i carry a copy of the apoe4 allele i do you're heterozygous yeah yeah heterozygous yeah i'm a three-four which puts me at higher risk in the context of the standard american diet for cardiovascular disease for dementia obviously i i say keep doing what you're doing the hazard ratio of that elevated ldl is minuscule yeah compared to everything else you're doing you know working out you know all these other biomarkers are much more important and uh and i think the and we we tend to as scientists tend to focus a lot on these numbers right but i think what's astronomically more important is just the functional biomarkers like your body composition like what you look like your level of lean body mass and your level of fat mass and uh your functionality like if you were you know aging if you're 60 70 years old and you're worried about alzheimer's and you could do two or three push-ups if you develop a a training strategy where you know five years later you're able to do 10 or 20 push-ups you're in a much better shape a much better uh situation at preventing alzheimer's than you were five years ago yeah i mean yeah i think we have to really pay attention to functional correlated and functional well i i also firmly believe that there are tradeoffs to to achieving the lowest possible ldl right for example if that's if that were my goal right which is not but if my goal were to have the lowest possible apob and ldl i probably would eschew all sources of saturated fat but i'm in so doing i'm risking my nutrient status because i'm avoiding animal products i'm not getting the highest quality protein in the concentration that i'm able to yeah with animal protein et cetera so there are risks it's not a risk-free proposition and you know maybe my ldl is is not going to be on the floor but i'm going to have a body composition that i've optimized i'm going to have my body is going to have regular access to highly bioavailable forms of vitamin b12 and yeah omega-3 fatty acids and the like yeah and so these uh cholesterol-lowering medications are not are not benign and uh you know when i was in transitioning out of high school into college these drugs became available in the early 90s or i guess late 80s but early 90s i was exposed to someone who's working construction with me and very robust strong individual and they were put on a statin and they had crushing muscle pain where they just couldn't work and they had you know i don't know i think it was like lovastatin i don't know what the dosage was but then my mom went on statin and had got kind of like deathly ill because of it and had to have to discontinue it and it felt perfectly fine so i've corresponded with people who have had you know and they say the side effects are so minimal but i think they're they're just uh for people who are active one way to to employ them and to utilize them if you have astronomically high you know ldl or fh right like yeah familial yeah hypercholesterolemia yeah so in the context of that then they can they should be utilized or if you've had you know a heart attack or if you are have metabolically damaged you know if all these other biomarkers are uh then it that then you're the ldl is basically like it's like throwing cholesterol into the fire where these can do atherogenic damage but in the context of you know everything else that's optimized and going in the right direction i would say stick with that diet especially if your body composition is improving but if you're following it and gaining weight and your triglycerides are going up and things are not improving then uh yeah you got to do something hey if you like that video you need to check out this one here and i'll see you there fat is more estrogen sensitive in fact lots of body fat can produce more estrogen in the body can produce insulin resistance muscle does the opposite muscle is very testosterone sensitive it can help create more free testosterone

  Top Comments:
  1. @gracest875 [2 likes]: Very misleading title - Alzheimer's is barely mentioned if at all. Epilepsy yes - Alzheimer's no.
  2. @Damudean [2 likes]: There is a study saying high ldl is a positive the older you get
  3. @Damudean [1 likes]: Another thing I don’t understand is Dr Atkinson proved keto works way back in the 70s so why is it still new use
  4. @250txc: I'm totally down with Dominic words here and everywhere else ...But his words saying the United States of America government is investing USD in this typeof low-CARB research is the best words he put forth here by far...
--
The FEDS, like with car seat belts & smoking tobacco, can turn this awful health crisis of its citizens around in short periods of time.  Shirley the FEDS are telling the food companies what THEIR future must contain in their future products.
--
Fix the terrible food so many of us eat and the drugs companies will fall where they fall and humans just will not need their BS drugs that harm us ...
  5. @bonniejeanmatlow2566: Dominic D’Agostino is fortunate not to be a diabetic so he can eat starches and "fiber" which will throw most diabetics out of the ketogenic metabolism that is such a promising therapy for folks like me. Dominic, my version of nutritional ketosis has plenty of vegetables/fruits with fiber of 30 grams a day. moderate protein for my 5'1" frame to keep me active and strong, and high monounsaturated, omega-3 +7, & saturated fats. Fiber from starches, grains and legumes only contribute to my ILL health. Thanks to Virta Health and before then Dr. Richard K. Bernstein, I have gone from 295 lbs. to 150 and was off insulin 4 years ago. Only occasionally it's needed when illness requires it. Still a work in progress at 72 years old and glad to see it may also help protect brain health as I age.
  6. @elec3calengr: Please discuss research on how keto 🥑🥓🥚🧀 helps improve memory and intelligence for students👩‍🎓
  7. @lmyers9999: The key word on Triglycerides is sustained - because temporarily- Triglycerides could temporarily  be high when fat stores are released to then be burned as fuel.
  8. @lmyers9999: Evolution would argue that Carnivores did well...but those humans did not have to deal with the toxins that we do so maybe that's the real benefit of the Fibrous vegetables and fruits. Dr. Ken Berry and Robert Cywes are raising their children on Keto/carnivore diets....
  9. @lmyers9999: After watching this- why would anyone want to do anything but live in Ketosis??  with a balanced diet that supports ketosis along with MCT and Ketone supplements...
  10. @lmyers9999: It's been clear since autopsies were first done on non Alzheimer's patients ...who had these plaques and NO dementia..
  11. @elec3calengr: Can keto improve intelligence?
  12. @elec3calengr: Please use our prisoners in the Philippines and public schools.
  13. @AC-vz9cz: Coffee increases anxiety by the denison receptor if this antagonist is down or up it's off right ,Would Choline midagate this? I think more Ketones with choline in the brian would do the trick :)
  14. @johnthom3342: Very interesting but at the rate he’s going it will take years before he discovers the carnivore diet.
  15. @carolewalton9521: Disappointed that such intelligent individuals still believe eating animals is healthy!
  16. @barneyb70: Another excellent talk and review for 84 on low CHO and MCT plus exogenous ketone salts for type 2 diabetes and aging...also eating within 10 hrs window.
  17. @TheDogPa: Solve everything...environment, health, monopolies, greed...and especially bad YT vids by brain dead vegans...just stop eating poison. Eat natural animal products ONLY. So easy. DOH! Mic Drop.
  18. @marybeth6676: Subject matter is being ignored!!!!!!!
HOW DID YOU CHOOSE THIS TITLE?
  19. @JacquelineC1982: I feel great on keto but I get lots of hair shedding so always go back to carbs. Anyone know how to stop losing hair on keto?
  20. @Thresholdmoment: I know what preeminent is what is "pre-iminent"?

- Dominic D’Agostino - KetoNutrition: Science to Application: Kind: captions Language: en Today, on this episode of The Crossover, we will be discussing keto nutrition with professor of pharmacology and physiology Dr. Dominic D'Agostino. Find out how the science behind ketogenic diets can be directly translated into human applications with health benefits. Much more on this episode of The Crossover. Good afternoon, everyone. Going to be talking with Dr. Dom D'Agostino about keto nutrition today. All right. Well, hello. We're finally uh I'm glad we got this to work. So, you know, just while everyone's logging on, I'm going to do a brief introduction. We got the pleasure of talking with Dr. Dom D'Agostino today. Uh one of the biggest world experts on ketogenic diets and keto nutrition. Uh he is a tenured associate professor of pharmacology and physiology at the University of South Florida. He's also a research scientist at the Institute for Human and Machine Cognition. Uh his laboratory tests metabolic-based strategies for targeting CNS oxygen toxicity, epilepsy, um brain diseases, brain cancer, and metastatic cancer. The main focus of his lab over the last 12 years has been investigating the anticonvulsant and neuroprotective mechanisms of ketogenic diets as well as ketone uh metabolite supplementation. Uh Dom is very well funded from the federal side as his research is supported by the Office of Naval Research, the Department of Defense, private organizations, and foundations. Of note, he was a research investigator and crew member on NASA's extreme environment mission operation. He's clearly very passionate about keto nutrition and this and this topic in general. He runs the website keto nutrition, which you guys should all visit, and has been on over 200 podcasts talking about uh metabolic health. So, here today to discuss the topic of keto nutrition. I think as we learn more about this, it really has become such a fascinating topic. So, again, Dom, thanks for joining us. Very excited to talk to you today. Thank you, Rick. I appreciate being on. Uh Glad to cover this topic as much as you want. Awesome. Uh you know, let's start with basics just for people who may not know a lot about it. What exactly is a ketogenic diet? Yeah, a ketogenic diet is the only diet really defined by an objective biomarker, and that's the elevation of ketones. The uh which can be measured in the urine, in the blood, and also in the breath as acetoacetate, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and acetone, respectively. And what is ketosis? People use that term when they're talking about a successful ketogenic diet, you got to be in ketosis. What does that mean? Yeah, the state of ketosis can be achieved, you know, elevating ketones can be achieved by uh fasting, of course starvation, and uh changing the macronutrient composition of your diet to favor an increase in fat oxidation and a decrease in glucose or carbohydrate oxidation. Uh and it's it's it hinges upon and is contingent uh completely upon the suppression of the hormone insulin. So, when we drop insulin and keep it low, that accelerates beta-oxidation of fatty acids, the liberation of fat from adipose tissue, or the metabolism of dietary fat. And that fat is oxidized in the liver through beta-oxidation and the accumulation of uh acetyl-CoA can uh there's an overproduction of acetyl-CoA, and this actually starts to form ketone bodies, which can the liver cannot use ketone bodies as an energy source. So, these enter circulation, and then they become an alternative energy substrate for the brain, the heart, and even the muscles. Now, you know, people nowadays, most people, I would say, exist off of a sugar-burning state because there's sugar and there's carbs available everywhere. People indulge in sugar, and they indulge in carbs as opposed to what you were talking about ketosis. Why are sugar and carbs not optimal for body weight, appetite, and blood glucose in general? Yeah, I mean, they can be. I think the the problem is the overconsumption of carbohydrates and calories in general. And I think the reason why we have an epidemic in type 2 diabetes and obesity is that many of the foods that are on the market now, even low-fat foods, just add in extra sugar, things like high-fructose corn syrup. And these foods produce a hedonic response where as we eat them, they're not satiating to the point where they uh control our appetite in a meaningful way. And uh we tend to overconsume these foods, and if we start doing this at an early age, it's kind of a feed-forward process and can escalate to, you know, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, things like that. So, uh you know, and some people can do really well off high-sugar, high-carbohydrate diets. I have nieces and nephews that just eat a lot of sugar and grow right, and they do they look like little anatomy charts. So, it's really there is a genetic component, you know, an activity component, a lifestyle component, and and some people can eat these things and and maintain a eu-caloric diet, and then some people can uh the majority of people just overconsume these, and it contributes to metabolic dysregulation. Now, how does how does gender and age tie into ketogenic diets and the benefit? Cuz you had mentioned your nieces and nephews. Um I'm assuming, obviously, as you get older, your basal metabolic rate drops down, your overall caloric intake has to drop down. Um is a ketogenic diet good for everyone, or is it, you know, dependent upon age and gender? Yeah, I well, I'll kind of preface it by saying our carbohydrate tolerance and threshold is much higher as we're younger. We just have faster metabolisms. We're generally more active um at a younger age through adolescence, and and we're growing. Too, our insulin sensitivity is higher. Uh we are our our the mass of our body is growing. Our tissues are growing at a young age. So, uh in many cases, although we do have a childhood obesity problem, in many cases, uh younger population can be very tolerant. Um Now, we study ketogenic diets from the perspective of a metabolic therapy for things like, first and foremost, seizures and metabolic disorders where the ketogenic diet is the standard of care. And in that population, when you transition a child to a ketogenic diet, uh you really have to pay attention to the protein and make sure protein is adequate for growth and repair. Uh but as we age, it you know, it's through time, there we get continually more insulin resistant and carbohydrate intolerant, if you want to use that word. So, I think it becomes really more important to be aware of our glucose levels as we age. I wear a continuous glucose monitor as part of a a study, uh a PI on a study looking at the the these devices as a behavioral tool. And um and I think with females, too, that they may become more sensitive to fluctuations in glucose levels. So, applying a ketogenic diet to an aged population and a female population, I think some considerations based on the research that we have done suggests that that should be more of a gradual transition over the course of 4 to 6 weeks, where, for example, if they're at 250 g of carbs, you work them down to 125 g for the first 2 or 3 weeks, and then bring it down from that. But it's really context-dependent. So, is someone using this diet to metabolically manage a disorder like epilepsy or even cancer or neurological disease, or are they using it just to, you know, get their weight down? So, I think the approaches will differ depending upon how you're using the diet. Now, you had mentioned about, you know, monitoring your own blood glucose and how important it is to have relatively normal levels of of blood glucose. Explain how elevated levels uh of glucose in the blood can affect inflammation, oxidative stress, and then seizure disorders, which is something that your lab is studying. Yeah, uh it's a good point. So, hyperglycemia, taking a step back into the direction of like type 2 diabetes, we know those people are more susceptible to certain types of cancers and uh and neurological disorders and also cardiovascular disease, you know, uh with if you have type 2 diabetes. Um in the context of, you know, a ketogenic diet, what it does is it rapidly reduces glycemic variability and also reduces the hormone insulin. And in doing so, by virtue of producing a state of therapeutic ketosis, uh the ketone levels can change the neuropharmacology of the brain. So, for example, in the context of things like epilepsy, it's elevating GABA to glutamate ratios. It's It's elevating adenosine. Uh it's increasing brain blood flow. Of course, the ketones become a source of energy. So, as we age, the brain becomes increasingly uh uh there's I I I guess you could state it as a hallmark characteristic of aging and neurological diseases, and Alzheimer's disease in particular, is glucose hypometabolism. And this can be detected using a technology I'm sure you're familiar with FDG PET scan. So, if you do an FDG PET scan on people with cognitive disorders or Alzheimer's, they show reduced glucose metabolism. And entering into a state of ketosis can restore brain energy metabolism and through mechanisms we don't fully understand, it can balance the metabolism but also balance the neuropharmacology in a way that stabilizes neurotransmission and and improves metabolic homeostasis. Now, one of the big things that's come out is the ketogenic diet and how it relates to cancer both in terms of prevention and in terms of treatment. What have you learned and kind of what is your take-home message when it comes to ketogenic diets and patients that are either trying to prevent cancer, just general health, and cancer patients themselves? Yeah, I got onto this subject studying We created different technologies in our lab including hyperbaric atomic force microscopy and hyperbaric laser scanning confocal microscopy and across the hall we have a two-photon system. So, using various technologies we demonstrated in a variety of different cell types, one of them a cancer cell type, is that cancers will overproduce oxygen free radicals and especially in the context of higher oxygen. So, that would be indicative and I didn't know it at the time but I reached out to different people who make a career studying these things of of mitochondrial dysfunction. So, we observed this in a couple different cancer lines including a glioblastoma cancer line and that actually encouraged us to study cancer. And what we have shown in preclinical animal models is that a ketogenic diet can slow the growth of cancer and reduce cancer cell proliferation and it's doing it by reducing glycolysis and also elevating ketones and suppressing, I think probably most important, suppressing the hormone insulin. And we know insulin, you know, drives a lot of processes associated with growth PI3K mTOR AKT a lot of these signaling pathways that pharma pharmaceutical companies are scrambling to generate drugs to target, the ketogenic diet does it very well and it hits multiple targets. It's working through metabolic regulation or suppressing tumor growth through altering metabolic regulation and probably through an epigenetic mechanism too which we are starting to study in the lab now. So, you know, cancer clearly is tied into your diet. What about what other chronic conditions have you guys found that a ketogenic diet can either treat or prevent? So, we have looked at a variety of different animal model systems. One is Angelman syndrome, it's a genetic disorder and there's a variety of different inborn errors of metabolism and genetic disorders from Angelman syndrome, Kabuki syndrome, glucose transporter. I can kind of go down the list. What's very interesting to me is that even in the presence of a persistent molecular pathology, the implementation of a ketogenic diet can manage the symptoms of that disorder. And and that's very even with a you're not molecularly changing the pathology in any way but you can manage the seizures for example associated with uh different types of of genetic diseases. And when it comes to certain metabolic diseases like glucose transporter deficiency where the brain is starved of energy, then the ketone bodies then can cross the blood-brain barrier and actually the child the children can literally wake up because their brains are now getting a source of energy. So, that's one thing. Different cancer models, Alzheimer's disease, different models of Alzheimer's disease um And I think, you know, my big project that I study is central nervous system oxygen toxicity seizures. And that's a limitation of hyperbaric oxygen therapy which has 13 FDA approved applications including wound healing, decompression sickness, carbon oxide poisoning. We've shown very, you know, convincingly at least in animal models that rapidly inducing ketosis with a ketone supplement or ketogenic diet or fasting can prevent these seizures from occurring and now we're doing human studies. I'm a co-investigator on studies at Duke University at the center there, a big environmental hyperbaric center there at Duke where we're doing a clinical trial right now with subjects. So, that's a big area and then cancer too. We really want to get a brain tumor study going. We collaborate with Moffitt Cancer Center and that's where we do most of our cancer research at Moffitt. And we hope to get a trial on low-grade glioma. With glioblastoma, it's you don't have a big time frame and a lot of pharmaceutical companies are scrambling sort of get those patients but with a more of a low-grade glioma you have a better chance to implement the diet and see it working for these slower growing tumors. So, let's talk a little bit about the diet, right? Are there variations of the ketogenic diet meaning that, you know, is there a level of carbohydrate consumption that's acceptable? Are there good carbs, bad carbs? What are the different varieties of ketogenic diet? Yeah, good question and a lot of people don't realize that there's many different types of ketogenic diets. The classical ketogenic diet is a 4:1 ratio of fats being four and one part protein and carbohydrates being minimal. And then if you and that's in grams not percentages. So, if you work out the the math it comes out to like 87 to 90% fat for a pediatric, you know, ketogenic diet to manage epilepsy. And on the other end of the spectrum, you have a modified Atkins diet which is actually used for adult epilepsy and you have the low glycemic index diet which is just restricted in carbs to like maybe 50 to 70 g depending on the size of the individual. And they're more in the clinical realm and then, you know, and there's a lot of people doing this lifestyle wise. And that would be the cyclic ketogenic diet or the targeted ketogenic diet. So, is Atkins a form of ketogenic diet? I've always wondered what is the relationship between Atkins and ketogenic diets? Is that just a broader group is ketogenic diets? Yeah, good question. So, an Atkins diet is a form of a ketogenic diet and in many many cases the idea is to achieve a state of ketosis cuz that can help to regulate your appetite. And if someone follows a a diet to the point where you're in a state of ketosis and that means as we defined elevation of ketones, it's very difficult to actually add weight on that diet. So, it's a it's a restrictive diet, it's not super easy to follow and the carbohydrate restriction of an Atkins diet is typically low enough if people are measuring to to put themselves into a state of ketosis. So, it has the reputation of being a fad diet and and I think in many ways it may not be optimal or healthy the healthiest way to to lose weight for for many people. And ketogenic diets, let's be clear, ketogenic diets are extreme diets and most people cannot follow them. And their history, many people won't realize, goes back to 1921 where it was sort of developed at the Mayo Clinic as there wasn't drugs anti-epileptic drugs at the time so it was the standard of care for epilepsy until drugs came along and then there was a resurgence in 1994 by Jim Abrahams, the the Hollywood producer, got onto the Dateline NBC. And then there and actually you can look at PubMed, there was a resurgence in interest in research in the ketogenic diet and not just for epilepsy now. And we we hosted the Metabolic Health Summit like 2 weeks ago already and we hit many topics, you know, brain health cancer, metabolic optimization, weight loss, type 2 diabetes could be the low-hanging fruit when it comes to carbohydrate restricted diets that do not necessarily have to be ketogenic but there's a level of carbohydrate restriction and for some people, I think getting back to your question, sorry, for some people that carb threshold could be 20 g and I'm in correspondence with athletes that are exercising up to 6 to 8 hours 6 hours a day and they're getting more than 200 g of carbs but still in a state of ketosis just because their output is high. They might be in a caloric deficit. Interesting. You know, let's just say some of our listeners want to get onto a ketogenic diet. What's the best resource for them? Is it your webpage KetoNutrition? Yeah, we have a lot of information on KetoNutrition around the science of the diet and the implementation too. The first website that I came across many years ago was the Charlie Foundation and that's if they're interested in the clinical use of the ketogenic diet. DietDoctor is is very good website that puts out great information. Yeah, but I got to plug my website Of course, absolutely. You know, give us some give us an example of your daily diet. You know, people want to know, okay, how how sustainable is this? How hard is this going to be? Give us an example of just your routine day when you wake up until you go to sleep of a ketogenic diet. Yeah, I want to say before like telling people about my diet, like I am I'm an advocate of the diet for metabolic management of disorders and I also choose to use the diet as a lifestyle diet and I think there are certain advantages to following a low-carb or ketogenic diet. Uh so I think that's kind of important. So the I just like to put up front the diet that would be ideal for a person is one that produces the ideal body weight and the ideal body composition. And also a diet that optimizes your biomarkers including blood pressure, you know, insulin, hemoglobin A1C, hs-CRP, triglycerides, and and then a diet that's sustainable. So when it comes to the ketogenic diet, it's not always sustainable for for everyone, but it tends to work really well for weight management and glycemic control. For me personally, most days I eat breakfast, maybe 2 days out of the week I don't, and I do intermittent fasting, and I think it couples well with a low-carb diet ketogenic diet. Uh but for like this morning, I actually made some waffles just mixing eggs and mozzarella cheese together, and I put it in a waffle maker, and it made two waffles, and then I had my some gross, but I had sardines. I had like a sardine sandwich with with waffles, and sometimes I do that, and other times I just have an omelet, and sometimes I'll have leftover chicken, beef, or fish that I had the night before for breakfast. Yeah, that's definitely interesting. I'm not going to comment on the sardines and waffles. I'm just going to I'm not going to go there. I'm going to say it's interesting. Um but anyway, you know, It's more like a cheese bun though. So you just got eggs and mozzarella, so it's like a fish sandwich, I guess would be a better description. Got you. No, no. Still interesting, but but I got you. So the other question you were talking about how it's sustainable, and I think that's such an important point, right? You don't want to be on a fad diet that lasts 4 weeks, 6 weeks, 8 weeks, and then you rebound right away. Um what is a sustainable diet? Cuz you talk about everything in moderation. Should you be on a pseudo ketogenic diet where you're avoiding carbs but not in extreme? Everything in moderation. Do you Do you agree with that? Yeah, well, I think our the standard American diet is skewed towards being more carbohydrate based where from an evolutionary perspective, we didn't have access to all the sugar. I mean, even when sugar came out, it was used more like a like pepper, you know, it was used like a condiment. It was like in very small amounts and the processed carbohydrates. So that tends to, you know, cause us to overeat. In the case of a ketogenic diet, I I think the important thing is to moderate our carbohydrate consumption, so our glucose is not all over the place. And the only way to really know that is to wear a continuous glucose monitor or to check your postprandial response to a meal. And, you know, I've worked with different groups where they seem relatively healthy, but after a meal, they're going into the 2, 300, and 400 range, and they had no idea. You know, they had They were getting into these ranges. So having like metabolic awareness through using different bio-wearable technologies or buying, you know, a $15, $20 glucometer at CVS or Walgreens will give you some insight into that. And if you're if, you know, the carbohydrates you're eating, whether it be 50, 60 g is producing these big postprandial excursions in glucose, then you want to bring it back down a little bit or start adding switching out the starches for more fibrous vegetables and things like that, maybe adding more protein. But it creeps up on people fast. So hemoglobin A1C could be a good you know, marker for that, but the and you know, a direct measurement would be to wear like a continuous glucose monitor. Not everybody has access to these things, understandably, but I think in the future they're going to get pretty cheap, and we'll probably be able to pick them up at CVS for, you know, 20, 30 bucks and slap them on it. And then see our response. Now, you had mentioned that two or three days a week you do intermittent fasting, and I I totally agree with that approach. Explain the benefits of intermittent fasting. What is intermittent fasting, and and why do you do it, and what does the science show behind it? Yeah, well, the science behind intermittent fasting, a lot of that science groundwork has been laid down by Dr. Sachin Panda, who was a speaker at our Metabolic Health Summit. So I've learned a lot from him. Our latest blog on KetoNutrition really delves into the science where it comes to like body composition, things like that. Uh but for me personally, well, I'll say a drawback of intermittent fasting is actually weight loss. Over the years, I love the way I feel on it. I feel laser sharp, mentally focused, and I just love the way I feel in that fasted state. I probably get the most productivity, you know, 4 hours before I eat my meal. But I tend to It's hard to get all the food in, especially at the end of the day, and at the end of the day, sometimes I end up overeating. And I think it's a great tool to create a calorie deficit. It's also giving your gut a chance to sort of recover uh because, you know, we probably weren't used to eating, you know, three, five, six meals a day all the time. So So these, you know, breaks in in in in having extended window of fasting is probably very therapeutic, and even independent of carbohydrate consumption, intermittent fasting can produce a state of mild ketosis, and that may be beneficial for many people. Um but the science of intermittent fasting is sort of evolving, and I think there are many benefits, and it couples well with a low-carb ketogenic approach. So you're reducing In many people, it can help uh Most of the benefit of intermittent fasting is as a tool to create a calorie deficit. If people are eating within a compressed window time window, over time, they tend to eat a little bit less, and I think that could be very important. And for me personally, logistically, if I have a early class to teach or something like that or a lot of work in the morning, I just kind of wake up and and get, you know, I feel much more lucid and productive in that fasting state. But I feel like if I do it all the time, I don't yield as much benefits from it. So I do eat breakfast most days, and the days that I do implement intermittent fasting or time-restricted feeding, it seems to have a more pronounced beneficial effect if I don't use it all the time. Yeah, super interesting. I think we're learning more about that technique, and it's you know, it definitely has benefits. You know, you had mentioned that the ketogenic diet is a large proportion of fats, and obviously, the major negative of that is cardiovascular disease. What does the science show on people that are on ketogenic diets for long-term in terms of their heart and their vascular disease because their saturated fats are obviously going to be higher than someone who's not on a ketogenic diet. Yeah, that's probably one of the most controversial subjects on the ketogenic diet right now. I think if you equate for calories, and especially if you have a calorie deficit, a lot of people use a ketogenic diet for weight loss, pretty much all metabolic biomarkers go in the right direction. So from blood pressure, hemoglobin A1C, insulin comes down, even triglycerides. Like I tripled my fat intake, and my triglycerides went down from like mid-80s down to like 40s, mid-40s. Uh paradoxically, even by adding, you know, all that. So if we are eating a diet rich in carbohydrates, then we're not burning fat, so they tend to be in our bloodstream. So we're picking up, you know, triglycerides. So um but one of the things that has emerged out of the data is that many people are showing an elevation of LDL lipoprotein LDL cholesterol, and this is more pronounced in some people, and there's a population of people which is now termed lean mass hyper-responders. Which of these people are lean, they tend to be athletic, and they can have a tripling of their LDL. And whereas all other biomarkers are going in the right direction. Um we don't know yet if this is atherogenic and if these individuals should be on a statin. My hunch is that they shouldn't be if you have a single biomarker going in the wrong direction when everything else is going in the right direction. Uh additionally, I would like to point to the clinical data where we have published studies on pediatric population, now adult population, where they are following the ketogenic diet to metabolically manage things like epilepsy or glucose transporter type 1 for decades to I've even conversed with Johns Hopkins where they have patients on it for 3 decades, 30 years. And they have great cardiovascular health, you know, from a biomarker perspective, and even, you know, no high calcium scores or anything like that. So if there is a atherogenic risk or cardiovascular risk, it would most surely show up in individuals that are on like an 80%, you know, highly saturated fat diet for 3 decades. And we just don't see that data emerging out of the people using a clinical diet, which is much higher in fat than the lifestyle ketogenic diets that people are using. They can Their metabolic health seems to be remarkably well, especially when it comes down to maintaining, you know, that ideal body weight and body composition. It's probably one of the most important. If you want to call that a biomarker, and, you know, if you follow a diet that optimizes your body composition, there's usually a functional correlate to that. And for many people, if they can, you know, couple this with exercise and improve on functional outputs, that could be walking, you know, increasing your walking to doing chin-ups or pull-ups or whatever, that couples well and helps you sustain, you know, your body composition. So, that's when we we talk a lot about blood biomarkers, but I think there's something to be said about, you know, a diet that can optimize your body composition. Yeah, I mean, it it totally makes sense and it's it's kind of counterintuitive. You're eating more fats, but you're burning more fats and so you're you end up kind of you know, ending up in that in that good biomarker state. Let's move on to a more general question. I mean, the US has one of the highest rates of obesity in the world. How do we change that? Well, that's a that's a big question and a lot of people have a lot of ideas on how to approach that and you know, I think about back when I was growing up and we went to McDonald's and places like that, but it was more like a treat. It was like, you know, every maybe once a month we would go if that, probably once every 2 months, whereas people are just integrating it into their their food experience every day and I I think it really comes down to education. I think the low-hanging fruit would be eliminating or minimizing calorie-containing, sugar-containing beverages in the youth and and education and also first and foremost, probably changing the dietary guidelines. So, Nutrition Coalition, I would encourage people to go to Nutrition Coalition.us website and they are really the only organization out there that is hypercognizant of this problem and actually trying to change policy and I think it it may start with changing the dietary guidelines cuz we can say all day that sugar is bad, excess carbohydrates are bad, but if the dietary guidelines are telling us to eat this you know, a higher a carb-based diet and not really I don't think we necessarily have to demonize sugar, but I think we have to understand that it is causing a problem and it needs to be managed and there needs to be more education around it and maybe more control, maybe more taxes and things like that. So. Well, look, I'm going to let you run. I know you're super busy. I totally agree with everything you're saying about the ketogenic diet and actually more importantly is the education. I feel like many people in this country want to lose weight. They just don't know how to lose weight. They just don't have the information. They don't have the understanding of what a good diet is and so totally agree with you. It needs to be a grassroots effort starting in young kids, 10 to 15 learning how to eat correctly because once you're 20, 30, 40 years old, very hard to change adult behavior, change your dietary habits. I mean, would you agree that Good point. that that is that is where we need to focus is on the youth and the kids between 10 and 20 to change their dietary habits? Yeah, it's behavior and you know, we learn our behaviors from our parents, right? So, I mean, kind of calling out all parents out there, if you want healthy kids and the kids are our future, you got to clean up your own diets and then, you know, it comes down to what you buy at the grocery store with your kids cuz your kids aren't going to be shopping at the grocery store. So, whatever is in your shopping cart, whatever is in your shopping list, it should not you should be excluding sugary beverages, processed carbohydrates, things like that because the same thing when it comes to implementing the ketogenic diet for a child in a family, the parents really need to change like they can't have sugary foods in the house because the kids are going to find them. They want to have adherence. So, it really starts in the grocery store. It starts from your shopping list. If you don't buy the foods, then they're not going to eat it. Like I talked to some women, it's like, well, my husband, he just likes to have cherry pie at night. I was like, well, how did the cherry pie get there? I was like, well, I go shopping. Well, if we don't have So, it's like, you know, if the food is there, you know, you learn from experience, if if food is in front of me, I'm going to eat it, no matter how much you put on my plate. So, it's also becomes down to portion control too. My wife is very good. Like we went out to eat yesterday and she eats half of the steak and sets the other steak and the potatoes aside and puts it in a box and takes it home and she's very good with portion control. But for me, I mean, if you put food in front of me, I'm going to clean up whatever's on the plate, no matter how much. So, some people have intuitively can moderate their their calories, but most people can't and I think that's a big problem. Yeah. No, it's all about education. It's all about, you know, having the information of how to diet, how to eat healthy. Everyone who's listening, definitely go to Dr. D'Agostino's website. What is it again? Keto nutrition.org, correct? Keto nutrition.org. Yeah, I also encourage people from if they're interested in the diet from a medical standpoint to go to Charlie Foundation and then Diet Doctor also puts out incredible information and then Metabolic Health Summit, we just did a whole summit on this where we have a virtual conference and then all the information's online if you want CME credits or CEUs. So, you can still get that for the next couple months and get high-level education on this. Awesome, Dom. Great interview. Really appreciate all your insight. Have a great weekend. Thanks for having me, Rick. Appreciate it. You too. All right, take care, buddy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joec1212: Thanks gents great show!

- Interview with Psychiatrist and Ketogenic Nutrition Consultant, Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone its Victoria with metabolic Health Summit and we have a guest who I'm very excited to bring on today because we're gonna be talking about a topic that's not often discussed or should be discussed more I should say mental health her name is dr. Georgia EDA and she's a pretty incredible woman she's a Harvard trained board-certified psychiatrist who specializes in nutrition and college mental health she's also the first psychiatrist at Harvard University Health Services to actually offer nutrition as an alternative to medication so pretty special guest today that we have on and she's gonna be speaking at metabolic health summit if you haven't got your tickets they're going quick make sure you secure those soon at metabolic health summit calm and let's see if she's on here so we can add her in all right let's see if Facebook will cooperate today all right George wants to join the video very excited to have you in dr. Reid come on Victoria hello thank you so much for doing this live video with me today I think it's just one we're so excited to have you as the speaker at metabolic health summit because what you your work and what you've done and the fact that you're incorporating nutrition into the mix when it comes to metabolic health is something that you really don't hear too much about and we couldn't be more honored to have you with us in January as a speaker I'm thrilled that you invited me and in such good company as we were speaking before about this really gonna Brown groundbreaking session you're having at the metabolic health summit with dr. Bredesen and dr. Rowe and dr. Canaan you know all four of us will be speaking about brain health and then there'll be a panel and the discussion afterward and that's that's something new that I haven't seen in other conferences and I'm I think it's I think it's a fabulous idea and I hope that you know people will get a lot out of the combination of the information that she thank you I really appreciate that and it wouldn't be possible without our incredible speakers and we really appreciate what you're bringing to the table and and the important work you do because you know when I first learned about your work as a psychiatrist and really sort of setting a new standard for Harvard Health was you know I was blown away to hear that there was somebody who is actually using food as the powerful tool that it can potentially be for people so I want to talk I want to backtrack a little bit and allow for people to get to know you a little bit better and talk about how this sort of started for you you're you've been a psychiatrist for over 20 years my understanding which is incredible and you've really you incorporate food into working with your clients and but talk about how it started for you personally because I believe it was your your mom who might have inspired this path to begin with right well you know you know I I my interest in food you know goes back a long way to childhood and I you know and I think like most women I thought of food purely as a way to control my weight and I didn't know about low carbohydrate diets until in my 30s when my mom lost 90 pounds on the Atkins diet I always follow sort of the low-fat low-cholesterol high exercise calorie counting plan but anyway she lost 90 pounds and saying that was really you know surprised by that so I I started exploring various versions of low-carbohydrate diets for myself and but I didn't and that and and eventually with some success but I didn't come to become interested in the connection between food and mental health until years later in my early 40s when I was trying to you know I was experimenting with my dad to try to help myself with some other problems that had cropped up for me some kind pain and fatigue and things like that IBS and migraines and StumbleUpon and some other dietary changes that made a big difference for me physically but also happened to my concentration and mood and energy and ways I hadn't even been trying to do so as a psychiatrist I got really curious about that why would this diet that I stumbled on and that now lots of people are stumbling on it's not just a low-carbon it's also important to you know to be careful with your brains and the goons and even certain vegetables sometimes but making sure you're including fat and meat and cholesterol and making changes to the diet that actually the brain really appreciates and so when that happened I I was worried that my new sort of high meat high cholesterol diet was going to kill me so how is this make me feel better when it's not you know all these bad things you hear but continue sorry no no exactly and so and I hadn't studied nutrition before so I was conventionally trained and prescribed medications and and did psychotherapy and so I started studying nutrition really studying nutrition very very deeply and obsessively and I've been doing that for more than 10 years now and it became really clear as you and so many other people now know you just scratched the surface of these nutrition guidelines and there is no science there so I it it's really interesting it's quite quite simple what the brain needs in order to function and so many of the foods that people think of as healthy are actually working against their good mental health and there are really simple changes people can make they can make a big difference and may help people to reduce the need for medications or in some cases even eliminate the need for medications we have so many people on psychiatric medications now and it would be interesting to know how many of those people may not need all of that medication yeah absolutely and you know in the people that you've worked with and incorporating food into the mix what you've seen now how what sort of percentage would you saying just in terms of like how important your food choices are when it comes to you know maybe treating what your whether it's depression or anxiety and things that so many people are dealing with today yeah you know well it couldn't be more important you know we think of we think of mental health problems as chemical imbalances in the brain well where do the brain chemicals come from they come from food and so if you feed your brain properly um then you actually know who you really are what you're really capable of what your personal best is I think when most of us have been feeding our brain the wrong way our entire lives and therefore you know you might think of yourself as an anxious person at heart or you might think of yourself as scattered or depressed or you know you may even have been diagnosed with a serious mental illness or even been hospitalized but you have no idea what you're actually like who you actually are how your brain actually works what symptoms you actually have or don't have until you take all of the foods out that are working against you and put the foods in that will work for you then you know what your real baseline is and for some people their anxiety or depression or ADHD or whatever it is goes away and so I get to work with a person where food has not made a difference it's certainly not the case that everybody can go off of their medication but I everyone I've worked with is willing to try dietary changes it's made a big difference and you know there are all kinds of special tweaks and things involved in working with the medications and so forth but but there's no question that it's a powerful intervention yeah absolutely and it's so interesting that you sort of learned about it later following you know schooling and all of that and what you sort of went through you know mental health impacts so many of us I mean it's it's all over the all around us right and whether it's your family member or you know somebody or maybe you're dealing with it yourself it for me is somebody who you know mental health you know and people in my life it's impacted just knowing that there's a potential out there an option out there that's non-toxic and it's just sort of I mean I say just it is a big deal to change their lifestyle but its food right it's something that we can enjoy and fat tastes good so it's it's actually quite a fun lifestyle but to knowing this for me personally I just become so passionate about trying to get the word out about how food can make such a difference what is that like for you as somebody who's dedicated your life to helping people with mental health in one I can only imagine you probably want to scream from the mountaintop you write some great you know you speak all over the world you write great blogs you could not checked out dr. EADS website as well as Psychology Today I mean you've got some incredible articles out there in the world what is that like for you personally I love it I love it become really really passionate about it and I want to inspire other psychiatrists and nurse practitioners and primary care doctors around the world to incorporate these principles into their practices because what any psychiatrist will tell you is that being a psychiatrist with using conventional means is very challenging medications don't always work in fact often you have to try three four five six different medications before you find something it might actually help and most medications don't help completely and most medications have side effects and there are so many people they don't want to take medication or who can't afford to take medication or who develop side effects and they can't stay on the medication or they want an all-natural approach you know or the medication doesn't work and then what do you do then you're stuck and I've had many many patients over the years where we run out of options or the options that were left with are really a you know a compromise that in order to be able to function go to work or go to school they have to put up with some pretty difficult side-effects sometimes and it's a it's it's having something else to offer people if they were willing to try it is it gives you tremendous it's really empowering for the people you're working with as well as for me to feel like okay there's something else we can do if you're open to it and they and they have the power to make that change which like you said it's so empowering and you feel empowered like hey I can make a difference in my day-to-day life that I'm sure changes their outlook to what they're dealing with and those positive thoughts hopefully will help in the process I can only imagine you know what that sort of chain reaction is like where do you see and I could probably talk to you on this topic for like hours but I'm going to try to reel it in but how do you see this change in more psychiatrists and mental health you know practitioners and whatnot where do you see this change really how is it gonna happen where we're talking about food to these patients more and more and we're talking more openly about mental health and how our daily lifestyle choices make a difference well I do feel like there's a shift happening it's starting to happen and for example just last year professor Felice Jacka from Australia who's my pioneering food and mental health researcher in Australia she launched an organization called the International Society for psychical psychiatry research the first organization of its kind in the world and so I attended their first meeting and it was it was wonderful they were you know people from all over the world to think about this and who and some who have been studying nutrition mental health for a very long time so and that's that organization is is going to grow and and and that organization as part of its mission is to foster new research in the field and so there are more and more papers coming out now about nutrition and psychiatry so that's that's sort of creating a buzz in the academic world where it's it's it's it's okay now to talk about food mental health there actually are connections inflammation oxidation and insulin resistance hormonal imbalance lots of different pathways between food and brain health that are backed up by the literature now so you don't perceived as crazy if you if you recommend some of these the low carb diets or key today diets to patients it's not so strange now so I think that the academic world is coming on board and then I think in the popular others people are starting to write books people are starting to give talks not just me but other people as well psychiatrists and neurologists I'm talking about the importance of food and the brain so it's it's it's starting to it's starting to spill into popular on outlets as well so it's not just the scientists and the researchers who are thinking about it there's it's going to create a demand when people hear that this is possible they're gonna want to work with people who know how to do this and one of the great things as you were saying is that it's empowering you depending on what you're dealing with you may not need a lot of help with this month these things are things people can do on their own without a specialist and so that's really gives people a lot more control you know over their destiny as well yeah absolutely and you even brought up migraines which is something that I personally part of the reason I switched over to a low-carb lifestyles because of that and I know you don't look at yourself and seeing you really don't understand like the power food until you actually kind of go through that shift and see not only is it impacted my life but actually my dog who's an epileptic she went on the diet for most seniors they're completely they're completely bond I mean we control it through a ketogenic diet which is like once you see that kind of big change happen it's really hard to go backwards and I just really respect and admire a lot of the work you're doing and getting the message out about how important food is in when it comes to brain health really excited about your talk if you want to briefly touch on what you're gonna be discussing at metabolic health summit that would be great sure so my talk is about understanding food and talking about nutritional psychiatry as offering new treatment options for people with mental health disorders because most people don't most people still don't know that these are options most people still think of medications and psychotherapy as the cornerstone of mental health treatment and I think ignoring nutrition is is no longer acceptable I think we know too much now to be able to to not put this on the table as an option of course not everybody's gonna want to change their diet but for people who do it can make a tremendous difference so this presentation is going to um it's going to review the what we know now bring everybody up to date about the science of low-carbohydrate ketogenic diets and other diets as well in terms of what the science tells us today about how diet can affect various mental health disorders from bipolar disorder to schizophrenia to depression to ADHD to autism so just review all of that science and let people know where it stands now it's constantly changing and growing which is fantastic and I'll also be including some of basic information general information that a lot of people don't think about beyond low carb and ketogenic diets because I think a lot of people who attend the summit or be interesting to summit may already have may already have heard that low carbon Connect diets may be good for the brain but it's not just about low carbohydrate and improving brain metabolism it's about being careful with your food choices and making sure you understand which foods are working for in which foods are working against you so it's not just about carbohydrates it's also about which fats you eat and what kinds of proteins you eat um so that by the end of the talk I hope people have a lot of information they can use right away that's great I'm thank you for sharing I it's so important to really talk about quality of the foods we eat as well and that's something that you know we're so passionate about it Mykel summit is really getting the science out there you know let's have like nada who's right who's wrong but let's talk about where the science has had it then what that is inclusive of and have a conversation that's you know includes everybody but let's really talk about quality of foods and and you know sort of set the record straight in terms of education around that so I'm really really excited about your talk that's gonna be going down in January just next month it's almost here so what what would you say I'm sure there may be some people watching that you know they suffer from depression or anxiety or have you know battled had a family member battle with mental health issues what would you say in terms of you know I know that your there are other psychiatrists that are starting to you know use food as a tool that that it can be but it's still sort of slow-moving what would you say to somebody who you know really wants to include food as that missing piece for them in their sort of battle with mental health yes so I think it's really important it depends whether you're taking medications or not so if you're not taking medications a lot of these things are things you can do just by learning about which food choices make sense you could read some of the articles that I have out there on Psychology Today they're all free articles or on my website or what watched my talk in January or other talks that are already available online this will be a new talk for a metabolic Health Summit by the way so you know educate yourself about learn what you need to know and make these healthy food choices if you're taking medication though it's a different story especially if you're going to try a little carbohydrate or ketogenic diet because the low carbon ketogenic diets can they what they have a really profound in a good way effect on your metabolism in this very quickly these are really healthy changes but if you're taking medications these metabolic changes inside the inside your body that happened when you get off the carbohydrates they can affect your medication levels and they can cause some side effects in some cases so depending on the medication so it's important for taking a medication you're going to change your diet especially for low carbon ketogenic diet you want to make sure you talk to whoever's prescribing your medication first and and and you know if if they're not and either get their support and they're okay or ask them if they would be willing to educate themselves a little bit more about it and work with you because it can be tricky to try to do that on your own mmm so I do have an article in Psychology Today that I wrote specifically for this purpose because so many psychiatrists even though they may be very interested don't have a with experience with ketogenic diets and medication adjustments so there's an article on Psychology Today I think it's just called ketogenic diets and psychiatric medications or something like that and that's free for everybody to read that gives you some guidance and can give your clinician some guidance as well and but but if you're not taking medication I there you know it's a lot more more straightforward and you don't look for a psychiatrist or a nutritionist or a primary care doctor who knows something about low carb diets or who is at least willing to learn about low carbohydrate diets um and if if the person you're working with this is not supportive you may want to change or add somebody onto your team who can who can you know provide some guidance for your or your the rest of your team so I do think will become easier and easier over time to find people who are who are on board yeah absolutely I think like you mentioned it's becoming more and more well-known that we really have to pay attention to what we're what we're putting in our bodies because you know we focus often so much on physical health but our mental health our minds are such an important part of the equation and how we choose to lead our lives every day makes it makes a pretty big difference so thank you for those resources I've actually read that article that you wrote on Psychology Today and it's a pretty incredible article I'll link it below in the comments section of interlac if people want to read more about that I think it's a wealth of knowledge they're on a low carbohydrate approach and if you are actually on medication currently but as dr. Reed mentioned it's so important to work alongside you're a physician throughout this process and you know really have a good conversation about the ketogenic diet low carb and be open and honest in that process because hopefully you'll wind up lucky and have somebody similar to dr. Eid who is open and really advocates you know making good lifestyle choices in the process you actually have some really incredible resources that are coming out here soon I know one you're working on a book which is really great and is so needed out there right now just to really talk about you know nutrition and mental health but you're also working on something with that diet doctor if you want to explain yes I don't think he would mind me mentioning this dr. ender isn't I felt and I are working together to create a low-carb mental health guide for his diet doctor website and it's just about finished so it should be going out soon I don't know I can't say exactly when but that's designed to be a comprehensive resource that will explain it will include the medication piece but it will explain why a low carbohydrate diet makes sense for the brain all the different ways that it helps brain chemistry and it will also summarize for each different diagnosis like ADHD and bipolar disorder depression it will summarize some of the research and extend and I've also shared some case examples from my clinical practice in this article so we want it to be a resource for the world so that clinicians and and people who are struggling with mental health issues around the world can begin to improve the nutrition of their brain and hopefully improve their mental health as well it's a it's a really logical place to start and this resource is as far as we can tell there isn't something like this yet available so it'll be the kind of the first of its kind and then the book will expand on on that hopefully spur kind of next year oh that's great yeah I can't even imagine how long it takes to get something out there so thank you for taking the time to put a book together because mental health affects so many people like I mentioned and I think that it takes people like yourself and you know we're really dedicated in the platform that we have with metabolic limit to get the message out about you know to openly talk about mental health issues more and to really provide people maybe with some tools that they can just do in their own kitchen which is a huge deal when you when you think about how we're currently sort of treating these issues as a whole and really talking about it too so thank you for all the incredible work that you're doing I'm so send for the book that's gonna be coming out and you'll definitely keep us in the loop on that sure as well as what you're doing with diet doctor that is on his website you've also got a great website diagnosis diet calm right yes and there's great resources there as well what's next for you I know you had mentioned to me that you're shifting to sort of working with people online yes so a lot of people have asked me you know can can they talk to me for an hour can they ask me some questions and I you know I had been working for a long time in college mental health and wasn't really set up to have a private practice of any kind for the recent years and so right now I'm taking some time away from college mental health to focus on hundred percent of my time on nutrition writing and speaking and and what I'm launching very soon is an online consultation service unfortunately can only be for residents of Massachusetts for malpractice reasons but that way people have questions about nutrition and mental health or or nutrition in general because I you know I know a lot about food that goes beyond mental health fortunately or unfortunately so people want to talk to me there will be a way to do that but for right now it will just be for Massachusetts but I'm really excited about that and hope that people will find that helpful absolutely so well thank you for all the great work you're doing thank you for joining us as a speaker in January its January 31st of February 3rd if you don't have tickets yet dr. Eve will be speaking there on mental health specifically and low carb lifestyles but at the same time as you mentioned really diving into some of the great information around quality of food as well which I find just fascinating so thank you for joining me today if anybody has questions you can definitely post we've actually got some pretty incredible comments here that we're getting from people just thanking you on what you own your work and what you speak about and the fact that it's coming to metabolic Health Summit and so many people here are also sharing how they feel so incredible afters one lady wrote went on antidepressants and depressants after 9/11 she was a flight attendant and had horrible side effects weight gain she feels so much eating Kido losing weight and medication-free another lady mortician yeah I mean this is crazy it's it's incredible to hear stories like this another lady here who's actually a dietician had is just thanking you in terms of bringing this topic of mental health to metabolic Health Summit and it's the newest application in her practice is focusing on diet so thank you for recommending the resources that you have out there in the world and thank you for your hard work in putting this on paper so so many of us can really dive into it and learn more because it's a topic that needs to be studied and thank her for doing the work that she's doing we need more dietitians and nutritionists who are on board with these with these principles i 100% agree yeah we've got some great dietician speaking at the conference we've got a great scientific poster session so you can kind of see even some of the research that's not published yet which is exciting so thank you dr. etes for taking this time out today and thank you all for joining us and watching this live if you felt sort of something resonated with you you want to share this to somebody who might be dealing with mental health issues please do please share this on Facebook so we can get a message out so thank you again and we'll be seeing you in January Thank You Victoria thanks a lot for inviting me you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahlynnbaxter5924 [13 likes]: WOW I wish this video got more views. smh. I reversed my anxiety, depression and infertility by adopting a ketogenic diet. Now I help women do the same. Thank you for this valuable information I am sharing this everywhere!!
  2. @MrDavidknigge [10 likes]: I look forward to the summit! I have already noticed big mental health changes on keto and now carnivore. Deep sleep, calmness, sheer happiness.
  3. @josephinebarbarino8165 [5 likes]: Great Interview by the Metabolic Health Summit!  I am very proud to announce that Dr Georia Ede will come to Bergün and give two talks on the impact of diet on mental health at the         1. International Keto Live Conference in Switzerland "Ketogenic Diet - Future Prevention and Treatment of NCD" from 10th -14th of June 2019. The Conference is CME certified with         17 AIM/MIG Credits for General Internal Medicine by the Swiss Society for General Internal Medicin SGAIM - for more information please go to www.keto-live.com
  4. @midwestribeye7820 [3 likes]: Raw feeding your canine family is THE BEST!  Dogs and wolves are still genetically the same.  You don't see wolves looking for their processed kibble or stalking corn fields.   They need raw meat and bones.
  5. @bdaina [2 likes]: Thank you Dr. Ede! My two sons and I have bipolar 2. We all suffer in spite of medications. I am on day 2 keto diet and I’m gonna monitor my moods and see if it helps. I’m so hopeful.
  6. @DarkMoonDroid [2 likes]: Just last week I asked the question for the first time:
Am I really dissociative or is it brain fog from the bottom of the cortisol/adrenaline/glucose/insulin roller coaster?
I wish I had found this when all I had was Complex PTSD and Hypothyroidism. 
But now I have Cancer. 
And my metabolism has finally spun down into a complete breakdown. 
I'm currently trying to stabilize my blood glucose levels so I can tolerate the Chemo and also push into an 8-9 mmol/L Ketone level so I can help weaken the cancer so it will die quicker. 
I'm getting zero to little support from Doctors and my Mother. They all believe the Conventional Dogma and trust the Corporate "Experts". Just that alone raises my stress levels too high for me to heal from all this b.s..


I wish all I had was a "Mental Illness"!
  7. @Lobster639 [1 likes]: What about cultures where their diet is based on carbs with every meal? As an Indian, we have carbs with almost every meal but don't have a higher burden of disease than other populations.
  8. @collagethings730 [1 likes]: That was a great talk, thanks to the both of you
  9. @CatCoalitionInc [1 likes]: I take medication for bi polar depression.  I would love to learn to eat properly and be able to get off every thing.  These meds cause massive weight gain. 😣
  10. @calmmite2231 [1 likes]: 🙏My Step Father Herman  W Kobbe’  use to tell  me that every Day when I was a  Child 50 Years ago ,  because of the way I ate   ,I while Liveing in  Jamaica 🇯🇲  People  will listen to  You  because You carry  A label  (psychiatrist👩‍⚕️) God Bless You 😇❤️💛💚🇯🇲
  11. @fedzonk3481: Georgia Ede such a lovely woman, absolutely wonderful so grateful to her
  12. @sandrastein7276: Where do people especially postmenopausal women get calcium if they can't eat dairy and how much do we really need?
  13. @bdaina: Thank you for your work!
  14. @berniecasey7592: Excellent Video-right on the mark with food vs. Medication to help you.
  15. @bobomonkey702: How old is Dr. Georgia Ede?
  16. @tvasthinag3701: I am half Greek  and most of my family ate Lentils(and a ton of those!!!)', POTATOES, seafood and some pork.  My grandma eats mostly Grains, Vegetables and fish a couple of times a week. She is fucking 80 now and kicking ass. It is a farce that 'X' causes mental disorders. I am a biochemist and there is no study to even correlate to what Dr. Ede claims in this talk. Trust me, if she does this in EU, she will be investigated for her claims.

- The Biggest Lies You’ve Been Told About Diet That Cause Brain Disease (Eat This) | Dr. Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en What if your healthy diet has been the problem all along?.. That's what a lot of people are discovering. There's real power... in feeding your brain properly and... letting it try to heal itself. Nutrition and brain metabolism, those are the two most powerful levers you can pull to improve your mental health. And a lot of people are leaving that on the table because they haven't heard about it. The higher the blood sugar, the higher the brain sugar. With insulin, it's the opposite. Then what you get is this situation where you've got a high glucose brain but a low insulin brain. And that's... kind of a deadly one-two punch for the brain. You can have a brain swimming in a sea of glucose and it can still be starving to death because of a lack of insulin. If you're going to make a dietary change, ought to be worth it. More and more psychiatric practitioners around the world are using... these metabolic interventions like ketogenic diets to improve... even very long-standing, so-called chronic treatment-resistant, severe mental illnesses and seeing really remarkable results. If you're willing to try one more thing, hope is on the menu. I would really encourage you to explore this really powerful intervention. It's helped a lot of people and I hope you can be one of them. Doctor "Ede," for somebody tuning in right now saying to themselves, I have this mental health challenge, I've tried all the diets, therapies, medications, nothing's really worked. This is just who I am. It runs in my family. Why is what we're going to talk about today different? Because, "Jesse," people have so much more control over their mental health than they realize. So much of mental health... symptoms, depression, anxiety, problems concentrating, problem getting things done, problem with sleep, energy, they're rooted in problems with... nutrition and brain metabolism... And these are things that are not talked about in standard psychiatric visits, but... they're really those two levers together, nutrition... and, and brain metabolism... Those are the two most powerful And a lot of people are leaving that on the table because they haven't heard about it. Well, why don't we start by taking things down the conventional, typical path... where people are having too much sugar, too many carbohydrates, blood sugar goes up, insulin goes up, and people are doing this chronically. What happens in the body and then in the brain? - So like you said, most people are eating in a way that keeps the glucose levels and the insulin levels running too high... too often. Most people are eating in a way where their insulin levels never come down... to a healthy, healing level, which needs to happen on a regular basis for the brain to work properly. So what's happening instead is we're eating three, four, five, six times a day, a very high-sugar diet. Sugar and refined starches, flours and sugars and cereals and fruit juices and that sort of thing. -- Glucose levels in the blood run too high, which means that glucose levels in the brain run too high. And when glucose levels run too high in the brain, that extra glucose sticks. It sticks to all the important components of the brain and kind of caramelizes these important molecules like proteins and "DNA" molecules... into these sticky clusters... that are dysfunctional and can kind of accumulate and... get in the way of brain cells being able to communicate with each other. So then that sets off waves of inflammation in the brain. And we know inflammation is a major driver... of all kinds of mental health problems. -- And it also sets off these waves of something called... oxidative stress, which is why we're always told to eat more antioxidants, instead of being told, let's stop eating in a way that's promoting all this extra oxidative stress in the first place. So if you have the right information about how to eat and feed your brain properly, you can avoid a lot of what most people are walking around with right now, which is our brains... are inflamed, they're not getting enough energy, and they're under attack from within from inflammation and oxidative stress. Okay, you mentioned glucose running high in the brain. I know there's a difference there between insulin and glucose... body glucose goes up, brain glucose goes up like you said, insulin goes up in the body, but it actually dips in the brain. So bring that piece in. - So when your glucose levels are running too high too often, your brain glucose levels will be running too high too often. So the higher the blood sugar, With insulin, as you said, it's the opposite. And it sounds counterintuitive. It sounds like it doesn't make sense. But if you're eating in a way where your glucose levels are running too high, then your insulin levels in the blood and the rest of the body are going to be running too high also because you need insulin to deal with all that glucose. That's the tsunami of glucose molecules that you're subjecting yourself to... So lots of glucose means lots of insulin, but not inside the brain. Because what happens is when your insulin levels are running too high too often in the body, then what you're doing is you're bombarding the surface of your brain, the blood-brain barrier, you're bombarding the outside of the brain... with lots of insulin multiple times per day. And what happens then... is not that you get too much insulin inside the brain. Over time, you get less and less because the brain... becomes... insulin resistant. The surface of the brain, the blood-brain barrier... that is responsible for... carrying insulin molecules, escorting them into the brain, that system becomes insulin resistant. It becomes damaged over time by all that insulin. So then what you get is this situation where you've got a high glucose brain... but a low insulin brain... And that's kind of a deadly one-two punch for the brain. Too much glucose means lots of damage inside the brain, not enough insulin means, even though you've got plenty of glucose, your brain can't utilize it properly, it can't process it properly because... you need insulin... to process all that glucose... So if you've got high glucose levels damaging the brain, low insulin inside the brain means your brain can't use, make good use of all that glucose. So you can have a brain swimming in a sea of glucose... and it can still be slowly starving to death because of a lack... of adequate insulin. And when it comes to timeline of insulin resistance, body versus brain, do they both come on same time frame? -- We don't have enough research yet to understand exactly what the timeline looks like, but most cells throughout the brain and body are becoming insulin resistant over time when you eat this way. So just like type 2 diabetes doesn't happen overnight, it can take... 10, 15 years... of high glucose levels before the system wears out. And the insulin just can't keep the glucose levels normal anymore. So they start to run too high. No matter how much insulin you produce, your glucose levels are going to start to run too high. And that's type 2 diabetes. That takes a long time to develop. With the brain, the same is true. So for example, Alzheimer's disease, for example, is often called type 3 diabetes because of problems with glucose and insulin processing in the brain. So... over time, Alzheimer's disease also does not happen overnight. Alzheimer's disease... is preceded by decades of gradually slowing brain glucose processing. It can take 20 years or more for that insulin resistance in the brain to result in memory problems. Let's say that you are just starting to notice little hints of memory problems. This is something called mild cognitive impairment. You can even think of it as pre-dementia... So, long before you develop all the hallmark signs of true Alzheimer's disease, you might be getting little whiffs of cognitive problems, little lapses in your memory, difficulty remembering how to do certain things. That's called mild cognitive impairment... By the time you notice that stage of memory problem, your brain can already have lost up to 25% of its glucose processing capacity. Any earlier signs... so people can catch this early on? Because it is already 25%, that's significant. What are the first things that can tell us... that this metabolism in the body and brain is awry? You know. So a couple of things there. So one is that I worked with college students and university... students for many years. It used to be my area of specialty at Harvard University and at Smith College. I worked with college university students... And they would tell me. - I can't tell you how many times I heard this, my memory was so much better in high school... than it is now in college. And there isn't a test that could pick up on that, because the tests that we use to detect mild cognitive impairment, they're just not sensitive... enough to pick up on these subtle memory problems. But... people can tell. They can tell they're not as sharp as they used to be... So, for example, you know how people, as they're getting older, they might walk into a room and forget why they went, why they walked in there. That's not something that's going to show up on a memory test. It's too subtle. But people know it's happening. So if you're having more trouble studying, if you're having more trouble remembering what you read and being able to share with other people all the details of a story or of a book you read or a movie you saw, or if you're just becoming more forgetful, or if you're feeling like it takes you a lot more, a lot more energy and a lot more effort to try to get things done... or to try to concentrate or to try to... put information... together in your head, let's say you have a job where that involves writing or you have a job that involves... speaking. - A lot of people, even I do a lot of writing and speaking, but lots of people do writing and speaking in their daily work. Or if you're trying to describe or explain something to somebody else, but the words aren't coming to you as quickly, or you're having trouble just figuring out how to express yourself, all these little -- subtle clues that your brain isn't working at 100% the way it used to. - It's really not about a particular test you can take. It's about noticing, as you're saying, these subtle signs that your brain is slowing down, and it's not as sharp or as quick as it used to be. And people think of that as normal aging. And it's not normal. It is not normal. So, even now, we know most people do not develop Alzheimer's disease. It's still a minority. It's a lot of people, but it's still a minority of people. So it's not normal. Not a normal part of aging. It's to a great degree, the brain is having trouble using glucose for energy. And when your brain can't get enough energy smoothly, reliably, consistently, and at the amounts that it needs because it's an energy hog, it needs a lot of energy coming through... If your brain can't get enough energy, then any number of things can and will go spectacularly wrong. And what goes wrong depends on who you are. That's where your family history comes in. That's where all the way you've lived your life to that point comes in. That's where the differences are between us. But if your brain isn't getting enough energy, something will go wrong. You might become depressed, you might develop memory problems, you might have trouble being productive at work, you might have trouble sleeping, you might become anxious. All of those things can be signs that you've got energy supply problems in the brain. and one of the unique things about the brain versus the rest of the body when it comes to energy is it can't use fatty acids. So let's bring that substrate in and talk about why it's different, specifically in the brain. - So the brain really prefers to burn small molecules for energy. So glucose is a small molecule, ketones are small molecules, fatty acids are long molecules. And so many, many, many cells throughout the body prefer to use fatty acids for energy because there's a lot of energy packed in those long molecules. As you chop them up, you're getting a lot more energy out of them. But when you do that, you are creating a lot more oxidative stress. -- With every time you're chopping, every time you chop a molecule into pieces, it's creating oxidative stress. That's just part of life. We can't avoid it. A certain amount of oxidative stress is normal and expected. - But the brain is really designed to burn small molecules because the brain can't handle a lot of oxidative stress. It needs fast burning, quick, easily burned molecules that can cross the blood-brain barrier easily and be used right away. It can't afford to wait to chop up long molecules. So that's why the brain is really not equipped to burn fats for energy. It's better equipped to use ketones. And ketones are just small fragments of ready-to-burn fat that cross the blood-brain barrier easily and can be used by brain cells for energy. So many cells throughout the body can use fat, but the brain isn't really equipped to do that. let's talk about now from the other perspective. We talked about where the brain, the destructive mode, where we have too much glucose, too much insulin, somebody in that boat, but they start to make changes to the diet, bring the carbs down, bring the sugars down, hopefully get rid of the sugars, start producing ketones. Let's hit it from that perspective, providing that other substrate for the brain and the changes that happen. The growing majority of us in Western countries, and many countries throughout the world now, most countries now are having what's called an insulin resistance pandemic. Most of us are walking around with some degree of insulin resistance. And what that means is that most of us are walking around with brains that are running low on energy, where they're not running at full capacity the way they should be. And the reason for that is they're having trouble turning glucose into energy. So if you're having trouble turning glucose into energy, your only hope in that situation is ketones, because more glucose is just going to make things worse. If you think, oh, my brain's not getting enough glucose energy, I need to eat more sugar to really power my brain better, what's going to happen? The glucose levels are going to go up even higher in the brain, causing even more damage. Your insulin level is going to go up even higher, causing even more insulin resistance. So now you're having even more trouble burning glucose. So what I tell people is that the more sugary your diet is, the harder it becomes for your brain to turn that sugar into energy. Your only hope in that because ketones cross easily into the brain and they can bridge that energy gap. Ketones love to burn. They burn best in a low-insulin environment. And the insulin-resistant brain is a low-insulin environment. So you don't need a lot of insulin to burn ketones. In fact, they burn better when the insulin is nice and low. So it's really, the ketones are the best supplemental fuel source for the insulin-resistant, insulin-deficient brain. somebody partaking in making this dietary change, starting to produce ketones for the brain. How much does it take to have a noticeable difference, and how long does it take? Mmhmm. In clinical practice, it depends on who you are. But it is very common to hear people say after just three days of getting into ketosis, that they already notice, and that the number one phrase you'll hear from people is mental clarity. They feel clearer and sharper. They'll say, my brain just woke up from a long winter's nap, or I feel like everyone just turned the lights on, or I feel somebody just plugged my brain in. And they're not wrong. What's happening is their brain is finally getting enough energy, and all it takes is getting into ketosis, getting those ketone levels up in the blood to a high enough level that they cross into the brain and bridge that energy gap and bring those cells that have been sputtering along trying to make do with glucose, but they're not able to really get enough energy out of the glucose. You've got these sputtering cells. If they haven't died yet, you can bring them back online with ketones. And that's a sensation that people notice. It's very noticeable. So three days is a very common turning point. But in some cases, it may take a few weeks. And in some more unusual cases, it may take a couple of months, two or three months. But in my experience, it's a very noticeable process, really, in just a matter of days to weeks. and then specific numbers people want to reach if they're measuring. And do you recommend people measure? I do, if you can measure. If you can afford to measure and you're willing to measure, please do. Especially in the beginning, in the early weeks, so that you can get a feel for how you have to change your diet and lifestyle and exercise and all that, how you need to eat and live to get into ketosis and stay there most of the time, which is going to mean different things for different people. So if you're not measuring, you won't really know where you're at and whether you're doing a good enough job and whether it's actually. So a lot of people say, well, I've tried a ketogenic diet. It didn't work for me. Well, if you weren't measuring ketones, we don't actually know if you were trying it, because just lowering your carbohydrate is often not enough to get you into ketosis. So I recommend, if people can do this, to use a blood ketone meter. It's just a finger prick. Or if you don't like to use your fingers, you can use your toe, a finger or toe prick. Just a tiny little -- drop of blood and a ketone meter. These are not expensive. The meters themselves are not expensive. The strips can run into money over time, but it's really just in the first month or two when this is very important. Once you get the hang of it, you don't have to measure as often if you don't want to. - But figuring out what to do, you want to look at this glucose, this ketone meter, and you want those ketones... For best results, I recommend that people aim for between 1.0 and 3.0 millimoles per on the meter. Between 1 and 3. You don't have to be there every minute of every day. It doesn't have to be perfect. And some people don't even need to get into that range. But most people will find that they're going to get their best results when they get those ketones higher, especially if they're trying to treat a serious mental health condition or a cognitive impairment, like mild cognitive impairment or early Alzheimer's. You do need a decent level of ketosis, we believe, in order to really make a big difference in how your brain gets at energy. In your book, you talk about one of the challenges of somebody making this transition is producing the ketones and maintaining them. For somebody that is measuring, trying the dietary approach, we're going to get into more detail on today, but they're not getting the ketones. Any specific strategies or hacks you found to be helpful to bridge that gap and really get into ketosis? There are some great ketone-boosting tips I'll give your listeners. - So there are three things that have to happen for you to get into ketosis... And so if you understand what those three things are, those are the levers you can pull to raise those ketone levels. So everybody knows you have to lower your carbohydrate. So eating extremely low carbohydrate is always step one, because carbohydrates raise insulin a lot. And so if your insulin is too high, you can't make ketones. the first thing is you need to get those glucose levels down. And that means keeping your carbs really low. I like to... for most people, I start at about 20 grams of carb per day, not all at one meal, spread out throughout the day. - So... very low carbohydrate. About 20 grams per day is going to be right for most people. And that's net, correct? Ah, okay. So that's a different question. ---- The way I think about it or the way I like to advise people is, if you're eating real whole foods you can use total carbs, and you can subtract the fiber. So total carbs minus fiber, you can do that for whole foods. For processed foods, anything with a label on it, where -- there's a number of ingredients in it. It's not a single-ingredient food like a peach or a fish or an egg. If you're eating something out of a box or a can, or if you're eating a bar or anything like that, what you want to do then... you want to count the fiber. You want to do total... carbs, including... the fiber, including the sugar alcohols... Every carbohydrate in that food counts. And that's a big mistake that a lot of people make, is they count net carbs. -- They look on the box and they say, let me subtract out the sugar alcohols, let me subtract out the fiber. That's okay for whole foods. But different rules apply to processed foods, because the things that they use, the things that they add into that food, they often get absorbed into the bloodstream and they turn into sugar. Even some of the fiber can do that because it's not natural fiber. And so, in any case, for processed foods, count every carbohydrate. For whole foods, you can subtract the fiber, and again, you want to aim for about 20 grams per day. to get the glucose levels down, you bring the carbohydrates down... In most cases, to about 20 grams is going to be about right. But if you're still not in ketosis, then you have to understand that there are three things that have to happen to get into ketosis before you make ketones. Lowering glucose is only step one. Step two is you've got to get those insulin levels down. And carbohydrate is not the only thing that raises insulin. So if you're eating too frequently, if you're eating too much, even if you're eating only... very strictly low-carb foods, if you're eating too frequently or too much, that's going to raise your insulin levels. If you're eating too much protein, especially... if you're eating... powdered proteins, whey protein powder, casein protein powder, pea protein powder... powdered proteins... are processed by the body differently and raise insulin levels more. carbohydrates raise insulin the most, but protein can also raise insulin substantially, the powdered proteins. you want to make sure you're not overeating protein and that you're not overeating in general, because everything... you eat... raises insulin to some extent. And so you want to give your body time without processing all that food. So, number one, get the glucose levels down... Number two, get the insulin levels down by making sure you're not overeating, making sure your protein's... at the right range, not eating between meals, having a good kind of... fasting window overnight. A good 12 to 16 hours is really good to get those insulin levels down. And then the third thing that needs to happen... so now you've got low glucose, low insulin. The third thing is you have to burn off a certain amount of stored starch in the liver, that's called glycogen. And exercise can help you do that, and fasting can help you do that. If you're eating a really good, healthy, low-carbohydrate diet, but you're not in ketosis, you might need to introduce some intermittent fasting, you might need to introduce some exercise... You might need to bring your protein down a little bit more... And you definitely want to be careful with any processed foods... And you want to be careful with sweeteners... Many sweeteners, even if they don't contain carbohydrate... or calories, they can raise insulin levels too, and kind of keep you hungrier and make you overeat. those are -- the tips that I usually use to help people get into ketosis is, yes, make sure the carbs are where they need to be, but make sure the protein's where it needs to be. Make sure you're not eating too frequently... Three times a day is more than enough... for most people, twice is better. - And... make sure you're not eating too late at night or too early in the morning. Give your body a break... from food processing overnight for as long as you can. Because when you're not eating anything at all, insulin levels drop like a stone. That's one of the... most powerful ways to lower your insulin levels is to just not eat at all. so when it comes to the insulin piece, it sounded like protein powders and certain sweeteners can spike insulin, not necessarily the glucose. Any other tricky foods in that category... that can spike insulin, we want to be on the lookout for? Yeah, so the things that spike, the way to think about the way foods spike insulin is, the thing that spikes insulin the most is refined carbohydrates. And after that is unrefined carbohydrates, after that is refined proteins, and then we have unrefined proteins. Even things like steak can raise insulin levels, even though there are no processed protein powders in there just the body needs some insulin to process protein, even from whole foods. you've got refined carbohydrates, then whole carbohydrates, refined proteins, then whole proteins... And guess what doesn't raise insulin, essentially almost not at all, is fat. So that's why, from a metabolic standpoint, from an insulin standpoint, fat is the safest and quietest macronutrient you can eat. So when you... take the carbs out of your diet and replace them with fat, that goes a long way towards bringing those insulin levels down into a healthy fat-burning range... You can't burn fat if your insulin levels are too high. Insulin tells your body to... store fat, not to burn it. So you've got to bring the insulin levels down. which foods do that, then you can tweak your diet until you see those ketones show up on the meter. Isn't fructose specific in this case where it doesn't spike glucose, but it spikes insulin? There's something special about the way that works in the body and it's metabolized. Quite a few years ago, when I was first starting to write for my website, I did a whole three-article... series on fructose... kind of being misunderstood. <break time=“2.17s"/> There's... an argument out there that fructose is much more dangerous than glucose and is processed differently by the liver. And... it's true that fructose is But... in that series of articles, I argued that it really is not the boogeyman that people think it is. It's a natural sweetener that's found in all naturally sweet foods. It's not... found in fruit, of course, most famously, and sweet starchy vegetables like sweet potatoes contain fructose... If it tastes sweet and it comes from nature, that sweet taste is coming from the fructose molecule because glucose actually isn't very sweet... So potatoes are just lumps of glucose and rice is just lumps of glucose. They don't taste sweet, they taste starchy. But a sweet potato or a banana, they don't just have glucose, they have fructose. And that's what makes them taste sweet. Fructose... all roads lead, -- the way to think about it is fructose is different for the first couple of steps of its processing. But after that, -- all roads lead to glucose. Fructose turns into glucose... and is processed the same way. After those first couple of steps in metabolism, -- you can't tell the difference because it turns into glucose. So fructose turns into glucose. really what's happening with fructose is that... if you eat too much fructose, it turns into too much glucose. all the experiments that show that fructose is worse for you are done under very unnatural conditions where fructose is isolated and tested... as a single ingredient, which you don't -- find fructose isolated in nature. Fructose is never alone. Fructose is always accompanied by glucose. these experiments that show that fructose is worse are exposing people to very unnatural situations that you would never encounter eating real food, or even processed food for that matter. - So it's a hypothetical risk that I think is not worth worrying about. --- It's about... counting your carbs, whether they're coming from fructose, glucose, sorbitol, maltitol, starch, wherever they're coming from counting those carbs and getting them down because all carbohydrates turn into glucose in the end. I want to come back to glycogen, make sure I understand how that works in the body. You mentioned that being something that we need to deplete before we can produce ketones. When somebody becomes ketogenic, say four weeks into this, and they've been strict about the diet, where does the glycogen end up balancing out? Oh, it's such a good question. So you don't run out of glycogen and you don't have to deplete your glycogen all the way down to zero... to start burning fat. You just need to... start to burn off some of it, some of that stored glycogen, that stored starch in the liver so that your body gets the signal, hey, wait a minute, we're starting to run low. We're starting to run low on stored starch, so we better start burning fat. - And we're also going to start to make more glucose, because we don't want to run out of glucose. We actually need glucose. But the body can make all the glucose it needs. when you go on a ketogenic diet, your glucose levels come down, your insulin levels come down, you start burning off some of that glycogen in the liver and the body says, we're running out of carbohydrate-based energy. Let's start burning fat. we've got plenty of fat to burn, so let's just burn that instead. Great idea. So it turns on the fat-burning enzymes, but it also turns on... the gluconeogenesis enzymes. And the gluconeogenesis enzymes are these sugar-building enzymes... because the body... can make all the glucose we need from scratch... out of protein and fat. So --- you're not eating any carbohydrates, don't worry about it, we're going to make glucose for you. You can relax because you can get your glucose from outside the body by eating sugars and starches, or you can get your glucose from inside the body through gluconeogenesis. It's building glucose molecules from scratch... and it will build enough glucose molecules that it stores and tops off some of that burnt-off glycogen. So you won't run out of glycogen... and you won't run out of blood sugar. Your body's going to take care of it for you, which is kind of a beautiful thing. So you can, if you eat properly, you can trust your body... to meet your metabolic needs. I sometimes argue that it's safer to get your glucose from inside the body as opposed to outside. Glucose, carbohydrate, is... optional... There are three macronutrients, protein, fat, carbohydrate. The only one that is entirely optional... is carbohydrate, because we can make... all the different types of carbohydrates that we need, including blood sugar, glucose, and glycogen. Liver starch and muscle glycogen for muscles. We can make all the different types of carbohydrates we need in the right amounts... ourselves... Even if we never ate another molecule of carbohydrate again for the rest of our lives, we would, we'd be fine. And I would argue that even though it's optional, you can get the glucose from outside the body or from inside the body, your choice. I think in most cases, safer... to make it from inside your body because it's a demand-driven system... Your body knows exactly how much you need, and it's not going to make more than you need. So you're not going to get these dangerous spikes and these crashes in your glucose levels. You're not going to peaks and valleys and drama and unpredictability and instability... and in your glucose levels. Your body wouldn't do that to you. But if you choose to get your carbohydrate from outside the body, how do you know exactly how much to take in? You can easily overdo it, and most people are overdoing it by leaps and bounds, four, five, six times a day. When that happens, you've got an awful lot more glucose coming in than your body knows what to do with. And when you've got too much glucose coming in, what is the body going to do with that? It can only store a small amount of it as starch. The rest of it, it is going to turn into saturated fat, and store it in your fat cells. -- It has no other choice. one thing I like to say is, a high-carbohydrate diet, if you're eating too much carbohydrate for your needs, if you're eating more carbohydrate than you can burn or store right away, that's going to be turned into fat. Every single extra molecule of carbohydrate you eat is going to turn into saturated fat... on purpose. So a high-carbohydrate diet... is a high-fat diet in disguise. Interesting. I want to come back to the glycogen, make sure I fully understand this piece. So somebody eating a typical-type diet, way too many carbs, too many sugars, I assume their glycogen in the liver and muscle is going to be almost maxed out at all times. But again, getting to that, say, four-week period where their metabolism's adjusted to a keto diet, you talked about how the body can make its own sugar... likely preferable because it's gonna do what it actually needs and not do too much. Do we know what kind of range of glycogen somebody on a keto diet would be in? Is it kind of half-full? Does it bottom out and then rebuild up? I'm just curious how that would compare to your average person. - And this is where the exercise physiologists, this -- what they specialize in. How do --- for example, athletes adapt to a ketogenic diet? Because -- they enter a sugar-burning mode... They need to sometimes enter a sugar-burning mode to get bursts of energy until they're fully fat-adapted. my limited understanding of this is that what happens is that when you're transitioning onto a ketogenic diet, your glycogen stores may run lower than the average person's glycogen stores, but that once you're fat-adapted, they are similar to what they would be. They're probably not topped off to 100% the way they would be in somebody who is eating a high-carbohydrate diet... where your glycogen stores are going to be, like you said, maxed out most of the time, but you're going to have plenty of glycogen... And especially once you're fat-adapted, you're not going to have to worry about that. - There have been people who have run marathons and done... cross-country... bike rides and everything -- on ketogenic diets, and they don't run out of energy. So they're getting enough energy from their stored glycogen and from their stored fat to be able to support really intense athletic activities. My limited understanding, because I'm not an expert in ketogenic diets for athletes by any stretch of the imagination, but my limited understanding of it is that there may be situations where you're trying to really achieve peak performance - in a particular sport or activity... where you might need a little bit more glucose, a little bit of carbohydrate... from your diet achieve that peak performance level that you're trying to get to. But my understanding is that it's a very small amount that you need to supplement with... under certain circumstances, but that most people who are --- run-of-the-mill athletes don't need to worry about that, that they'll be able to access enough energy from their fat stores and from gluconeogenesis. I would assume it makes sense that insulin wouldn't really be a factor for somebody that's adapted... to a keto diet. So that variable wouldn't be affecting their ketone production, but somebody who's insulin resistant coming into this, they're gonna have high insulin, hyperinsulinemia. And again, that being one of the three areas that you pointed out that can influence ketone production. How different is that in the beginning versus somebody that's more keto-adapted and their insulin's been down for a long time? Oh, interesting. I think what you might be getting at is insulin resistance if you follow a ketogenic diet and you follow these rules that I was mentioning, like getting your macros right, getting not just the carbs right, but also the protein right, getting your meal --- frequency and that sort of thing, getting your exercise dialed in, all of those things are going to keep your insulin levels nice and low, and you can get your insulin levels down within a matter of days. - - Kids can get their insulin levels down sometimes in just 24 hours of eating differently. For adults, it may take three to seven days... and sometimes longer, depending on their circumstances. So the insulin level will be low. In both cases, the insulin level will be low. When you're early on starting your ketogenic diet, once you get the insulin levels down, they'll be down. Same if you're on a long-term ketogenic diet and you're fat-adapted, the difference won't be in the insulin levels, but the difference may be in your insulin sensitivity. So as you're saying... early on, many people who are starting a ketogenic diet are doing it for physical or mental health reasons that are related to insulin resistance, meaning that... their insulin just isn't working as well as it used to. So they're having metabolic problems, their energy is low, their mood might not be good, they might be overweight, they might be getting fat... around the middle, may feel achy and trouble sleeping and inflammation, all kinds of problems. They're very insulin resistant. Their insulin isn't working well. When you go on a ketogenic diet, the longer you stay on it, the more things improve, the more your health improves, the more your cells start to recover... and insulin resistance can improve, meaning that your insulin can start to work better. And there are even some people out there who have done a ketogenic diet long enough... that they've kind of restored their insulin sensitivity and they can go back to eating a diet that's higher in carbohydrate... and be well. If they've been on a and they've --- done a lot of healing. So I think the difference isn't necessarily in the insulin levels between somebody who's early on in the process versus much later, but in general... cellular health and metabolic health and how... well your insulin works... to take care of the carbohydrates in your diet. carbohydrates aren't necessarily bad, they're not necessarily unhealthy. We evolved to be able to consume them, but from whole food sources and not in tremendously large amounts all day long. So I think the difference may be in how your body responds to insulin as opposed to what the level is going to be... because it has to be low to be in ketosis in both situations. I guess I was just looking at that newbie to keto. And if they're wondering, does this have to do with insulin, why I'm just getting 0.3, 0.2 on the keto readings? And then somebody later on who, say, 30 days into this, their metabolism's different, their insulin's been low. But what you're saying is it drops so quickly and it needs to be dropped before we get into ketosis, that that won't be a variable. Yes, that's right. And there are other variables, too. One of the major variables, one of the main obstacles for people getting into ketosis... isn't just the carbs and the protein and the meal timing and the exercise... It's also stress... and medications. <break time=“2.36s"/> As we were talking about before, there are two places glucose can come from... So one is from outside the body, from your food, and the other is from inside your body, primarily from your liver. Your liver is where gluconeogenesis, or glucose building... takes place... It's like a glucose molecule factory. <break time=“4.17s"/> So if you are under a lot of stress, stress of any kind, you could be injured or sick, or you could just be stressed. Something in your life is stressful. Work stress, family stress, financial stress. When you are stressed, your stress hormone levels go up. And when stress hormone levels go up, they think you need fast energy to deal with a crisis. So they turn your gluconeogenesis... machinery up higher. They tell your liver, we're in an emergency situation, we're under stress, we need fast energy, make more glucose. So if your cortisol or adrenaline levels are running high, your glucose levels can also run high even if you're not eating a single molecule of carbohydrate. So this is why people who are taking... steroids like prednisone. Let's say you're taking prednisone for asthma or you've just had surgery and you're taking it for inflammation or you've got arthritis. -- If you're taking a steroid medication like prednisone, you can see glucose levels 2, 3, 350 milligrams per deciliter, even if you're not eating a single gram of carbohydrate, because it's such a powerful signal to the liver to raise glucose. And you can't be in ketosis when your glucose levels are that high. So even if you're doing a great job with your food plan, if you're under too much stress, that can bring those ketone levels down, too. And the other thing that can do it is certain medications. There are quite a few medications, quite a few, can raise glucose levels, that can raise insulin levels, or that can make you more insulin resistant and therefore, keep your glucose levels running too high. a lot of the medications in psychiatry do this, the so-called antipsychotic medications. These are... medicines that are... used all the time now, not just for psychosis, but for all kinds of mental health problems, from depression to anxiety, to mild mood swings, to insomnia, to irritability, agitation, not just psychosis. --- The antipsychotics, these are medicines like risperidone and quetiapine olanzapine, aripiprazole, these medicines. - These cause a lot of insulin resistance and they can cause glucose and insulin levels to run high. The medicine, olanzapine, I don't know if the brand name is in Canada, but in the United States the brand name is Zyprexa, <break time=“2.96s"/> it can be a very helpful medication when people are in trouble, but it can also triple your risk of type 2 diabetes. And it raises glucose and insulin levels within minutes to hours of the very first dose. people can... gain dozens of pounds of very stubborn fat when they take a medicine like olanzapine and they can become extremely hungry and really crave a lot of carbohydrates on those medications. --- There are medicines that can work against people. - But the good news is that if you start a ketogenic diet and you're taking one of these medicines, it can help counteract a lot of that metabolic a lot of those metabolic side effects of those medications. Actually, I think one of the strongest arguments, one of the best arguments for trying a ketogenic diet is if you're taking one of these medications... and you've had a lot of metabolic side effects from them, like weight gain and appetite increase, if you start a ketogenic diet, we've seen this in a number of studies, you can lose a lot of weight, you can get your glucose and insulin levels down into a healthy range even though you're taking one of these medicines. So it really helps a lot. Somebody in that boat, whether they're on one of those medicines or they have a lot of stress maybe at this point that they can't control. Do you find that those people need to drop the carbs even more... to get into ketosis? Yeah, it's such a good question because... if you're under a lot of stress, like you said, sometimes you can't do anything about that. You're in a situation that -- might go on for a while. So if you're under a lot of stress, or if you're taking one of these medicines that can cause your metabolism to malfunction, what can you do in those situations? You do need to tighten up the protocol. you're usually going to need... to be stricter and more careful... than somebody else is going to need to be. That's not fair. But it's just, it's true. And, but the good news is if you do that, if you understand that, that you've got this extra kind of hill to climb, that you've got... something working against you that isn't your fault, other really difficult situation or medication... that you are finding helpful that you're -- taking, if you do tighten up your protocol... by bringing the carbs down even lower, being really careful with the protein, eating less frequently, getting more exercise, being really careful with sweeteners and processed foods, if you do those things, it will pay off. Because... I have yet to see a person who has not been able to get into ketosis, even though they're taking one of these really powerful medicines. It's just a matter of <break time=“1.96s"/> understanding which levers to pull. Because within a few days you can get into ketosis. And when you're there, then... your appetite's going to come down, you're going to start to lose weight, you're going to start to feel so much better. Even though you're taking... a medicine or you're under a lot of stress, it's going to help you ---- feel better... And if you get into ketosis, you're going to be able to manage and respond to and deal with... stress so much better... than when you're not in ketosis... And I hear this... from patient after patient after patient, even people with severe "PTSD." And there have been actually some very nice case reports published recently about people with "PTSD," post-traumatic stress disorder, getting onto a ketogenic diet. There was one just recently published by... "Nicole Laurent," who's a wonderful metabolic psychiatry therapist. She published a case report where somebody with very severe, many, many, many years of "PTSD" on a ketogenic diet and saw her "PTSD" scores come down and some of them came down to zero or close to zero on a ketogenic diet. It's not that the trauma was erased. It's not that the trauma... didn't still revisit her. - And I hear this all the time from my patients. Those same experiences happened to them, or they're still under the same amount of stress that they were before, their life circumstances didn't change, but the way they responded to it and the way they cope with it and the way they manage it is so much different. <break time=“3.45s"/> Instead of it being right here in front of you all the time, interfering with your ability to think about other things or to feel... that, or to feel that you can manage your day, instead of it being right here in front of you, it's off to the side over here, and you can still visit it and you can still think about it, but it's not going to be standing in your way anymore. And you actually then have the capacity to start to think more creatively and productively... about that situation so that you make progress in your relationship that experience. --- It's one of the wonderful things about ketogenic diet is that it can help you make more progress in psychotherapy, because you're able to hold it off to the side and work with it rather than have it standing in your way. Somebody in one of those boats, either under the stress or on a medication that is hindering to some extent them getting into ketosis, would you say those people may benefit from, say, a "C8" "MCT" oil or exogenous ketones, at least initially, Yes. And so I use exogenous ketones and "MCT" oil in my -- clinical work as a tool. It's a tool that can help people get into ketosis in the beginning. It can support higher ketone levels. And I use it also in cases where people have either stepped away from the ketogenic diet or, I call it ketosis interruptus. Something's happened and the ketone levels have disappeared. It's either intentionally or accidentally, the ketones have dropped. And if you're trying, and really when that happens, especially if you're needing a certain degree of ketosis to manage whatever health issue you're trying to manage, you want to be able to try to get back into ketosis as quickly as possible. And one of the ways that can help you do that is not just tightening up your diet again and following your healthy plan again and getting back into your exercise and your healthy eating patterns and the carbs and the protein and so forth, but also, having a little support from an exogenous ketone supplement or "MCT" oil for two or three days. And that way, it buys you a little more time, helps bring your appetite down a little bit more, helps you feel a little bit more in control, raises the ketone levels a little bit so that your brain is getting energy until your body is able to make those, that robust ketone production again on its own. So they can be very helpful supports for getting into ketosis, whether you're getting into ketosis for the first time or whether you're trying to get back into ketosis. Let's talk more to that person who's dropped out of ketosis, and let's say they've been in ketosis for two, three months, metabolism's adjusted, but they go to the cottage and they're a little bit more lenient with what they're eating, they fall out of ketosis. How quickly can the mental health challenges come back on, and then is all lost at that point? They've done all this work, they've cut down the carbs, they're feeling better. But is it different going back into ketosis a second time after, say, having a few days out of it? Oh, this is a great question... because this happens all the time. And it's really important not to --- worry about that. What you need to do is say, -- how do I get back into ketosis quickly so that I can get back to my healthy state? <break time=“1.97s"/> So your first question is how long does it take for mental health symptoms to come back? That depends on who you are... But they can come back as quickly as 24 hours, depending on who you are and how long you've been on the diet already, what kind of mental health problem you were up against... But I've seen it happen many, many times... that it can be as little as 24 hours. So you can see those symptoms come roaring back. <break time=“4.02s"/> This is going to happen because none of us are perfect and ketones aren't stable anyway. Ketones are a very dynamic system. Metabolism is very dynamic. They're not going to be in the perfect range, whatever that means. They're not even going to be in the ideal range all the time. But they need to be in your personal therapeutic range, relatively consistent, like most of the time, in order for you to feel well. And if you fall out of ketosis, it's not about, thinking, oh, all is lost. <break time=“2.46s"/> I've just destroyed all the progress that I made, all that hard work that I did over the past two or three months to achieve this wonderful metabolic state of mind, that doesn't get thrown out the window, because it takes actually quite a long time for all of those benefits to erase themselves. You might get symptoms creeping back within 24 hours, but that doesn't mean that you're back to square one. It just means it's your body's way of saying, wait a minute, we don't like this, let's get back on track here. It's a little warning that you want to go back to your healthy place, but all is not lost. In fact, it's actually a wonderful, in a way, when it happens, it's kind of a wonderful thing... it's a good reminder of like, why was I doing this diet again? Oh, right. It's because I really feel awful when I don't eat this way. <break time=“2.09s"/> a warning sign... to help you get back on track. But it's also a learning opportunity. So none of us is perfect at anything when we're trying to learn how to do something new... We make mistakes and that's how we learn. And the more mistakes you make, the faster you learn. So you take that information like, I wonder what happened... Let's say you did it on purpose. If you're on purpose, you know what happened. But what happens if you didn't do it? What happens if the ketones have just gone for a few days and you don't really even know why? It's an opportunity to learn. What did I do differently the past few days? Have I been eating differently at this cottage? Was that keto-friendly thing that I thought was keto-friendly that I haven't had in a while? Maybe that wasn't so keto-friendly. I've been eating more frequently than usual. I haven't been in my usual exercise routine. I've been under more stress, whatever it is, and so you can use it to learn. I wonder if I could do things differently next time... You get curious -- about what happened and remain, this is so important, non-judgmental. It does not make you a bad person. This is not about morality or ethics or character, strength or anything. It's just information that you can use... to do things differently next time. Because that's how we learn. We learn by making mistakes and getting curious. I think it's really important we went there. All healing is not lost. It's not like inflammation, insulin resistance are all skyrocketed like before the journey began. I think it's important for people embarking on this to know that and allow the pressure to dissipate. A lot of healing... has already taken place. So the longer you stay on a ketogenic diet, the more healing takes place... And you're not going to undo all that healing in two or three days when you eat the wrong way, when you eat in an unhealthy way, your body and brain will let you know it. you're not going back to square one... You've already invested a lot of time in... improving the health of... every cell in your body, and that doesn't get erased overnight. So it's just a matter of how do I get back to my healthy place and what can I do differently next time if I want to stay in this healthy place more often? Very few people... are in therapeutic ketosis every minute of every day. It is normal and natural for ketones to fluctuate... It is normal and natural to have days when the ketones just aren't there. And sometimes it's stress-related, sometimes it has to do with -- medication, sometimes it has to do with food choices, sometimes it has to do with, maybe I didn't exercise as much, or maybe I exercised... too much. Exercise does draw on your ketone levels, and it's normal to see ketone levels go down right after intense exercise... That makes sense. Ketones are a source of energy. it's also normal to see ketone levels lower first thing in the morning. <break time=“2.29s"/> You're still perfectly capable of waking up in ketosis, but the ketones may be lower first thing in the morning, and that's because... of a natural rise in stress hormone levels at three or four o'clock in the morning. that's just a circadian rhythm. So there are other forces at play that are dictating your ketone levels, and some of these you don't have a lot of control over. --- Don't worry too much about ketone levels not being stable or perfect... What you're really trying to do... is get yourself... into a range of potentially therapeutic... ketone levels... that work well for you and to be there as often as you can. It doesn't have to be 100% of the time, and in most cases it's not going to be... But even if you're in ketosis, even 50% of every day, that's still an awful lot better than not being in ketosis... for any part of the day... And so, don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good, and you'll figure out for yourself... how often you need to be in ketosis, how deeply you need to be in ketosis. You'll figure out for yourself what you need, what your mental and physical health need... Because some people need higher ketone levels than others, some people need more consistent ketone levels than others. Some people need to be very, very strict in the beginning because they've had more metabolic damage or they're older or they've been more sedentary, or they've had more inflammation, or they're taking certain medications. - And so each one of us has different metabolic requirements... So just as you go along, just do the best you can to learn about your own metabolism and try different things out until you find your personal, happy metabolic rhythm, which is going to be where you feel your best. And you're going to feel it. You're going to know I feel really good today. You wake up feeling really good. You have good energy, your mood is good, you're feeling sharp. And you check those ketones on the meter and what are they? Let's say they're 1.2. -- This feels really good. If you wake up, you're like -- the day, I'm feeling kind of pessimistic. I don't really feel like doing anything. I'm kind of worried about this and that kind of sluggish. Check those ketones and see if -- they're lower than... what if they're 0.5 or 0.4. And -- this is how you learn what your personal therapeutic range is. Because for some people, it's going to be much, much... stricter... They're going to need a much stricter window than other people. So that's how you figure it out for yourself. It's personalized. So you might only need your ketones to be at 0.7, 0.8 to feel great... I might need mine to be at 1.5 or 1.8 to feel great. Everyone's a little bit different. Important part of the conversation. I'm glad we really took our time. Given what you said about... the morning, and ketones generally being lower. When do you recommend people measure? -- There's no consensus about this. There's a lot of disagreement about when the best time is to measure, and that's because people in a certain way, it doesn't really matter. I do recommend measuring once a day. And if you are going to measure once a day, that you measure at roughly the same time every day, within the same two-hour window or something. -- Personally, though, I like people to measure first thing in the morning... fasting. That's not what everybody will tell you, there are pros and cons to different timings... The reason I like people to measure first thing in the morning when they're still fasting, is okay, yes, that may be when your ketone levels are lowest. Because of circadian rhythm, ketone levels do tend to rise. If you're following a ketogenic diet or even if you're fasting, your ketone levels tend to rise slowly throughout the day, and they tend to peak at around dinnertime. So a lot of people like to measure later in the day before dinner, because that's when they're highest... And that's great. --- It's really nice to see nice, robust ketone levels on the meter. But I want to know, not just if you're in ketosis right before dinner, I want to know if you're in ketosis most of the time. I want to know if you're in ketosis even when you first wake up in the morning. Because if you wake up and your ketones are 0.3, it's going to take hours for you following a relatively strict plan, you might even need to fast to get those ketones into the range you want. And I have found in my clinical work that most people do better when they're in ketosis most of the time... Not just that they have to claw their way there and get there by 6 o'clock in the evening... Then who knows, you might only be in ketosis for a few hours every day. And for people with serious mental health issues, that's usually not going to be enough. So even though they might be lower in the morning, if you're following a good enough plan, they're still going to be there. Then again, they might not be 2 or 3, they might be 0.8 or 1.1, but that's great. If you wake up and your ketones are 0.8, you're doing well. - You're doing better than most people. Most people eating a standard diet are going to wake up with ketones either undetectable... or... usually no more than 0.3... And to be in ketosis, the metabolic magic begins to happen 0.5 millimoles per liter on a blood meter. That's when the metabolic magic starts to happen. That's the threshold. Doesn't mean it's high enough for everybody. But below that, you're really not. And you're not getting the metabolic benefits of ketosis. Can you talk to the different ways of measuring ketones and pros and cons? So there are three main ways to measure ketones. So one is a blood ketone meter. We've talked about this quite a bit already. - It's a relatively inexpensive meter. The strips maybe cost 80 cents to a dollar apiece, depending on which manufacturer you're buying from. - So you've got a small blood meter, a pinprick of blood, a tiny little spot of blood, using a blood strip, and then it measures. Within 10 seconds, you get a reading on your meter, and that's going to be in millimoles per liter, and that's measuring beta-hydroxybutyrate, which is a stable ketone... in the blood. that's the best way to do it because it's the most accurate. Another way to measure is with a urine... strip. just passing the... strip into a stream of urine, waiting a short period of time, and to see if the strip changes color... And the more deeply it changes color, the more ketones are in the bladder. But this is a different type of ketone. This ketone is acetoacetate, not beta-hydroxybutyrate. Acetoacetate is... less stable in the blood, and... so some of it gets lost in the urine. So what you're measuring there, you're not measuring blood ketone levels. You're measuring how... much... of that particular... ketone, acetoacetate, is being lost in the urine... it's going to depend on how, whether you're dehydrated or well hydrated, how long it's been since you last emptied your bladder, all kinds of other things. So it's going to be a much more crude kind of estimate of whether you're in ketosis or not. It's really --- more of as a yes-no, as opposed to being a reliable measure of... what your ketone level actually is. It's almost looking backwards in time to what your ketone levels have been over the past few hours since you last emptied your bladder. So it's still great. - It was the only way to measure ketones for a long time before we had blood meters... it's very good, but it's not as accurate, and it can sometimes be confusing. - But it's painless and it's a lot less expensive than a blood meter. The third way is with a breath meter. And the breath meter measures a different molecule called acetone and that's another ketone body that is exhaled out of the lungs in your breath... I think these meters are getting better, but the ones that we've had access to until pretty recently, they've been kind of finicky. -- The technique... needs to be just right to get it. -- You can measure 10 times with the same meter and have --- 10 times in a minute and you see completely different readings because it depends on how fast you're exhaling and how strongly and so forth. So there's some finickiness to that method still. Again, it's painless and the meter is very expensive, but you don't need strips. So over time it saves you money. I recommend that everybody, if they can't afford to measure... however they can. But if you can afford to and if you are okay with a pinprick, the blood meter of beta-hydroxybutyrate is the gold standard. It's the one that's used in research testing. It's the one that I use in my clinical work for everybody who's willing and able to do it. Somebody who's tuned in to this point, they're wanting to give this a shot. Right now, say they're metabolically unhealthy, obese, maybe struggling with... a minor mental health challenge. How do they begin the diet? What does the beginning look like?.. And then we can get into how that might change over time. Yeah, so in the book, I start... people with a lower carbohydrate paleo diet. It's got about 90 grams of carbohydrate in a day, rather than... going directly to a ketogenic diet. The reason I mention that people ease into this is because let's say the person that you're talking about has been eating a really high carbohydrate, highly processed diet for a long time. Let's say they've been eating a lot of sugars and cereals and flours and that sort of thing for a long time. They're probably eating... at least 350 grams of carbohydrate per day. Their insulin levels are probably really good quite high. They're probably 20, 30, 40. I don't know the units in Canada, but in the United States, the units that we use, we like healthy insulin levels, we like to see below 10. We like to see them even below 6 is ideal... But -- the person you're describing probably has insulin levels two, three, four times higher than is ideal. If that person were to jump right onto a ketogenic diet, 20 grams of carbohydrate per day, protein dialed into the correct range, eating twice a day instead of four, five, six times a day... if they jump onto that squeaky clean, extremely low carbohydrate, ketogenic diet, their glucose level is going to come crashing down, their insulin level is going to drop very, very quickly. And that can be a huge shock to the brain and body and completely unnecessary... So what you want to do is ease your way down. Bring those glucose levels down more slowly and those insulin levels down more slowly so that your body has a little time to adjust to the different metabolic state. If you go from a... very high carbohydrate, high insulin lifestyle overnight to an extremely low carbohydrate, low insulin lifestyle, that's such a huge shock to your brain and body. You can -- get severe headaches, you can get dizziness, you can see your blood pressure drop, you can see your blood glucose levels drop, you can feel hypoglycemic, and you can lose a lot of excess water weight very quickly, which can make you feel lightheaded. If you're taking blood pressure medications or blood sugar-lowering medications, you can very quickly be in a quite dangerous situation where your glucose levels could drop to hypoglycemic range and your blood pressure could drop to the point where you could pass out. the diet itself isn't dangerous, but if you combine it with drugs that are trying to do the same thing, the diet is really effective... at lowering blood glucose levels. It's really effective in many cases... at lowering blood pressure. And those are healthy changes. Those are things you want -- to be losing. You want to be losing all that excess fluid that you've retained from eating all that starch and sugar. You want to lose that fluid, you want your blood pressure to come down, you want your glucose levels to come down, but if they come down too fast, it can be dangerous. So those medicines are doing the same thing that the diet is trying to do... And when you combine them together, you can quickly end up in a rather dangerous situation. And that's why in the book, I recommend that people start with this 90 grams of carb per day plan first. And that if you're going to go to a ketogenic level and you're taking any kinds of prescription medication, or if you've had any kind of serious health issues that have required physician supervision, any kind of health problems or serious mental health issues in the past... or history of high-risk situations, it's really important to work with a professional... who understands ketogenic diets and medication management. medical situations navigate that transition period so that it'll be safe and comfortable... it can absolutely be done. But you just have to know... how to manage those medications and what to watch out for. Okay, so slow and steady people are bringing the carbs down. What about caffeine? How do you look at that? Yeah, so this is not the most popular suggestion I have, and it's not the first suggestion I would make, either. So lots of people do just fine keeping caffeine in their ketogenic diet, but it is one of those troubleshooting things. if you've followed a well-constructed, well-formulated, nutritious... ketogenic diet... for 12, 16 weeks, and you've gotten into good ketosis, but you're still not feeling the way you want, your sleep isn't right, your anxiety level isn't right, you're still, still feeling anxious or irritable or moody, you might want to look at your caffeine intake. It's also important to look at your caffeine intake if you've had trouble getting into ketosis in the first place, caffeine raises stress hormone levels and stress hormone levels raise glucose levels. And some people are more sensitive to this effect than others. So there are quite a few people who can keep coffee or other sources of caffeine... in their ketogenic diet, and they get into ketosis beautifully, and they feel great, and they feel fine, and they get the mental health... benefits, they get the physical health benefits. Their sleep is good, their mood is good, they're feeling stable and wonderful. There are other people who, and I've even seen this a few times in my clinical practice... where... they're following a beautifully formulated ketogenic diet, but they're not getting the mental health benefits they were hoping for, and they're actually not even getting into ketosis easily. I've seen it happen a few times where all we needed to do to bring the ketones up from 0.4, 0.5, 0.6... to 2.1, 2.2, 2.3... was take the caffeine out. And for some people, that's a major obstacle. But again, it's not where I would start, but it's a really useful troubleshooting tip to know. Caffeine is a drug, and it's a drug that interferes with normal brain and body chemistry. All drugs, whether they're prescription drugs or drugs -- like caffeine and alcohol, which are -- available to everybody. They are designed to interfere with normal human biology and so they can work against you. And I really do think it makes sense for people to explore how caffeine is affecting them, because a lot of us drink caffeine every single day for years and years and years, and we just don't even know anymore what it's doing for or against us... And it can be really useful... take the caffeine out of the equation, to see what does it feel like, how are you really doing underneath that caffeine? Do you feel better? Do you feel worse without it? Just to just experiment and see, what role it's playing in your life. Because once you get into ketosis and <break time=“3.01s"/> you've adapted to a ketogenic diet, so at least three or four months. You might not need that caffeine to maintain your energy and your focus anymore... Because a ketogenic diet is usually very helpful... with focus and with productivity and with energy, the very same things most people are using caffeine achieve. you would be very surprised. People they often become more sensitive to caffeine and alcohol. And that's because, again, the ketogenic diet duplicates some of the effects of those drugs. The ketogenic diet calms brain chemistry... It improves that balance between glutamate and "GABA," these brain chemicals that are affected by caffeine and alcohol. It improves the balance between those chemicals naturally. And so a lot of times, people find... they lose their interest... in alcohol. They don't have cravings for alcohol anymore because they feel naturally calmer and more even. Same thing with caffeine. They wake up, they have good energy, they're already focused, they're getting stuff done. They don't need the caffeine... their brain is working better even without it. a lot of times people will start to feel the caffeine or alcohol, they feel more sensitive to it, so their tolerance for alcohol goes down... And I have to warn people about this that, if you're used to having a couple of glasses of wine every night, pay attention, because... even after one glass, you might feel like it's too much. So just to be aware that the ketogenic diet is a powerful metabolic intervention, and it can... really change how all of your cells respond stress, to drugs, to alcohol, cigarettes, caffeine. <break time=“2.38s"/> You really want to get to know yourself... in this new metabolic state. lots of things are going to change... You just want to keep your eyes open and be aware that you may need to make some other changes to your lifestyle in order to find that peaceful place you're trying to get to. You went over alcohol a bit, but while we're here, let's go a bit deeper. I would assume since we're talking about brain health here, in general, alcohol, to give this a good go, you'd want to avoid that... So just fully bring that in. And to me, I don't see how if somebody again wants to give this a good go, they would want to keep that in. Well human beings, we're funny creatures... what we know is good for us isn't always the thing that we most want to do. <break time=“3.08s"/> But yes, if you are serious about your mental health, one of the most important things you can do is to kind of clean up that aspect of your lifestyle. Remove alcohol, nicotine, marijuana, --- caffeine, remove these mind-altering substances from your life so that you can actually see what you're really dealing with. How are you really doing underneath those substances? Because otherwise you're not really going to know if the reason why you're depressed might have to do with the fact that you're drinking too much, or the reason why you're anxious might be the fact that you have got too much caffeine in your system, you're not getting enough sleep. If you're serious about it, you will do those things for yourself. -- And there's a myth out there that red wine is a brain-healthy beverage. Red wine is not a brain-healthy beverage. That is wishful thinking. - The reason why we've been told... that alcohol is a brain-healthy beverage is because long ago, nutrition researchers went to the Mediterranean, saw people drinking lots of red wine with their meals and they seemed healthier than we're over here in the United... States. So they thought, red wine must be good for the brain. Now that's a big leap in logic. --- So they assumed... that, they jumped to the conclusion... that red wine must be part of a healthy diet. - When there's actually no evidence for that whatsoever... It's a hypothesis, it's a theory. When you look at the science, what the science actually says. Now, first of all, red wine is not used... actual studies of cognitive or mental health. We don't test red wine... on people in mental health studies. And there are many reasons why we don't do that. -- Not the least of which is that the amount... of red wine that you would need to feed the volunteer, to give to the volunteers in these studies to achieve even the lowest dose of the active ingredient in red wine that they think is responsible for its magical benefits, called resveratrol. The amount of red wine you have to give people to reach the therapeutic dose of that molecule is bottles per day. So 500 bottles per day of red wine... And so a single bottle of red wine contains 1 milligram of resveratrol, which is the antioxidant in red wine. And that lonely milligram of resveratrol is swimming in a... sea of alcohol, which is a powerful promoter... of oxidative stress, which is the very thing you're trying to fight with the resveratrol. So you really don't stand a chance. And these studies have not ever found any, any conclusive results in terms of a benefit of this molecule on brain health. So it's really all risk and no benefit. Alcohol is an addictive, for many people, an addictive substance. It's a powerful promoter which we know -- drives a lot of mental health problems. And it is a toxin. It's treated as a toxin by the liver... The liver, when it sees alcohol coming through, it drops everything else it's doing until it gets rid of that alcohol. So it gives it something called oxidative priority. Gets rid of the alcohol, it stops burning fat, it stops making glucose, it stops doing all the other things it's supposed to be doing, it sees that its... number one priority at that point in time is to get rid of that alcohol as fast as it possibly can... because it is very dangerous substance to have in the body. if you're serious about your mental health, this is... a very powerful lever you can pull, is to remove the alcohol from your life or keep it to a minimum. And if you found it addictive, to remove it entirely. Let's extrapolate out from what you just talked about. This compound... within a plant food that has been given this superfood status. You get into this in your book, and I found it really interesting, things like curcumin and turmeric, blueberries. We have all these compounds in different plants... that are touted as healthy for the brain. Talk more to how we've been misled. - So that chapter is "The Antioxidant Myth." And really, again, it's wishful thinking. researchers looked at people who seem to be healthier... When they look at healthier people, they think, maybe it's because they eat more plants. That's a guess, that's a theory. So they think, what is it about plants that might make them healthier? What -- is the big difference between plant and animal foods? One of the biggest differences is... that plants contain fiber and animal foods don't. maybe it's high-fiber diets are good for us. But the other big difference is plants are -- naturally loaded with chemicals that don't exist in animal foods. These are called phytochemicals or phytonutrients. Phyto just means plant chemicals. - Molecules that are not found in -- animal foods. So there is a theory that maybe it's because plants contain these special molecules that animal foods don't contain. now that's a theory that's -- still very popular today, even though there's no evidence to support it. These molecules are really there for the plant's purposes, not for our health... We don't absorb them well. - We don't require them, we don't have receptors for them. They are not nutrients. Plus, there's no biological requirement for these molecules. We have our own antioxidants... inside of ourselves. We make... our own very powerful... antioxidants. We do not need... antioxidants from plants. What we need to do is we need to stop overwhelming our own natural internal antioxidants... with too many of the wrong things. --- We're eating in a way... that's creating so much oxidative stress, these --- oxygen free radicals that... they're like little bulls in a china shop and they damage everything they run into. We are eating in a way that is creating so much oxidative stress that our own internal antioxidant system becomes overwhelmed and can't mop them all up. If you eat right, your body's cells... will be able to make... enough antioxidant to deal with the amount of oxidative stress that we are naturally supposed to see in the world. - We just were never designed, we did not evolve to expect these tsunamis of... glucose and vegetable oil, refined carbohydrates and refined vegetable oils that overwhelm our antioxidant system. So these plant molecules, when you isolate them in a test tube, they do behave as antioxidants, but they do not behave as antioxidants in the human body... because, number one, we don't absorb them well, because we don't need them. The body is not trying to the body is not designed to absorb them... It kind of wisely... rejects them... And the little bit that does get through, we immediately detoxify and remove from our systems as fast as possible. Those are not signs that these are molecules that we are welcoming into our systems, that we require for our health... They're signs that we are trying to avoid... exposure to them. And when you look at what they actually- the properties they actually have in the human body, they can cause problems. They can actually interfere with our healthy... antioxidant and anti-inflammatory systems. when you eat them in a whole food, they're relatively safe because they're in small amounts. They're not concentrated, they're not extracted. And our body kind of knows, we don't really want to absorb these. We don't need these. When you isolate them and concentrate them like a drug, and this is what we've done with resveratrol from red wine. This is what we've done with flavanols in chocolate. This is what we've done with the antioxidants in blueberries... and on and on and on. Curcumin from turmeric. When you extract those molecules and concentrate them to try to get more of that antioxidant benefit, you're also going to get a lot of side effects... you're going to have to manipulate those molecules so that they can ---- sneak past our own defences because otherwise we're not going to be able to absorb them. - I understand the appeal of the antioxidant strategy. Who doesn't want to just improve their brain health by eating more chocolate and drinking more red wine? sign me up. It unfortunately just doesn't work. Because what you're getting with the chocolate and the red wine isn't just that the science says it doesn't work. But you're getting these antioxidant molecules that are designed to protect plants from their own... oxidative stress... You're getting these molecules that work in plants, but don't work in humans. But you're also tending to get them alongside a gigantic dose of either sugar or alcohol, which are powerful promoters of oxidative stress. So if you're drinking a smoothie that's loaded with lots of colorful fruit antioxidants like blueberries and all that sort of stuff, but it's got 100 grams of sugar in it, you are causing the very problem that you're trying to solve... And the same thing with alcohol as we talked about before, you might be getting that resveratrol, which theoretically might be doing something in a test tube, but you're getting a whopping dose of alcohol, which there is no question that is dangerous for your health and is going to promote a tremendous degree of oxidative stress. I understand the appeal of this. Who doesn't want to just add things to their diet to try to make things better?.. The psychology it feels... proactive and powerful. And it's of course, much easier to do that... And it's profitable -- for the superfood industry. - These are not whole foods that are being promoted. These are products that are being sold by manufacturers. They're making millions and millions of dollars... off of this belief. So what you really want is you want to harness the power of subtraction. It's harder to do, but it actually works. You remove the things, you subtract the things from your diet... that are causing the problems in the first place. then you won't need to put your faith in these risky, ineffective strategies that are costing you money, and they're really not working. <break time=“3.77s"/> If you want powerful mental health, if you want real change to your mental and physical health, you have to make real changes to your diet... You have to restructure your diet from the ground up... in ways that make biological sense. You can't just sprinkle some superfoods on top or nibble at it around the edges by taking a few of the bad things out, which is, in my opinion, what the Mediterranean diet does. It takes a few of the bad things out, but leaves a lot of risky things in. You really have to, if you're serious about this, you really want to change your diet in these fundamental ways that make biological sense. And that's when within days to weeks, you will see in most cases, noticeable changes, noticeable improvements to your mental and physical health... that -- are so motivating that people want to continue because they actually work. As you talk about these plant toxins us as people trying to take them in as superfoods and trying to manipulate the body. It reminds me back to the glucose part of the conversation where you talked about how likely the safest way for our body to regulate glucose is to not try and take it in for energy, but let the body produce what it needs. I was forming a connection there as you're explaining that. Well, that's a great point, "Jesse." I love what you did with that. really -- our body is trying to heal. It's trying to restore balance. And it knows how to do it. It's equipped to do it. How would we have survived all these millennia if it didn't have its own systems in place? Very elegant systems. We've evolved to protect ourselves... against inflammation, against oxidative stress. And to allow ourselves to heal when we're injured or sick. We're equipped to do all of that if we don't mess it up. If we don't introduce products... food-like substances and chemicals and... all these other things in an effort to try to control it and make it better. Actually, it ends up backfiring... You can trust your body to heal and protect itself... if you feed it properly. So one thing I... say in the book, and I've been saying recently in presentations. Especially to nutrition conferences, I just spoke at a nutrition conference in London to a group of very intelligent, very experienced nutrition practitioners... who really believe in the power of food as medicine, as do I. But what I like to say, and I know it sounds a little bit controversial, is food is not medicine. ---- Food gives you the parts, the components... and the energy that you need, that your cells need to function at their best. If you --feed your body... properly, you will not need medicine. Medicines are there to interfere with your normal biology and try to correct something that's wrong. If you're eating properly, you're a lot less likely to have to turn to those strategies because all medicines, including medicines that are extracted from... plants, that are natural and come from plants, all medicines have side effects... All medicines are... I was taught in medical school, I'll never forget this line. Medicines are poisons with positive side effects. That's what I was taught in medical school by a pharmacology professor. And I never forgot that, because that's what's going on. You won't find a single medicine in the world that doesn't have side effects. If you eat the right way, you're going to have to turn to those risky strategies... so much less often than other people do. You're going to have less inflammation, less oxidative stress, you're going to heal more quickly, your brain chemistry is going to be more stable, your cells are going to be more resilient. And if you give them what they need... to function at their best, and if you don't overeat and if you don't eat too frequently, and if you eat the right things, you will naturally go into ketosis at least overnight. If you're not overeating, a lot of people just go naturally into ketosis overnight if they're not overwhelming themselves with too much carbohydrate. And you will enter healing mode overnight. That... allows your cells to recover from the stress of the day. And the stress of the day includes processing food. Processing food is stressful on the body. It takes a toll on you when you have to eat. But there's a price you pay. Every time you eat, you're generating a little bit of oxidative stress, and that's why we have antioxidants in the first place, is to mop up those free radicals... that we can't avoid. You've got to eat, but that's the price you pay. But if you overdo it, if you overwhelm your system by trying to process food three, four, and the wrong foods at that, not enough nutrients, -- too much energy, too much carbohydrate, and too much oxidative stress, that's going to cause... damage over time. And so one thing I say in the book is that even for people who don't want to be on a ketogenic diet all the time, or be in ketosis all the time, or don't need to be in ketosis all the time, I believe that human beings, for optimal health, all human beings, whether they currently have a mental health issue or not, whether they're currently overweight or not, all human beings will be healthier... if they go into ketosis on a regular basis, even if it's just overnight. To give your body a break, get those insulin levels down and enter that healing mode that can only take place when insulin levels are nice and low. You can't be healing and processing food at the same time. And ---- so that's going to go a long way towards protecting your health for --- the long run. And what I'm noticing at this part of the conversation is that if people do embrace what you're talking about here today, there is a real simplicity to it. It is different, radically different than what the average person is doing. But eating less frequently, cutting out alcohol, cutting out caffeine, cutting out all these different supplements that come from plants, resveratrol, curcumin... there is a simplicity to what you're saying. If you really listen. It really is. Nutrition is not rocket science. We are the only... creature on the face of the earth that thinks that we need to do randomized controlled trials to figure out what to eat. This is -- really very simple. When you look at nutrition science, for 100 years, we have known almost everything we've needed to know about... the nutrients that cells need in order to... function at their best... vitamins and minerals and all of that. And we know so much about what's inside the foods we eat. The biochemistry, the biology of food... is very well understood. We know right down... We know that resveratrol is in grapes, we know that curcumin is in turmeric. We know what's inside the foods we're eating. Right down to these tiny little molecules... We've been studying food and nutrition science for over 100 years. nutrition is actually very simple. If you know which nutrients cells need... and you know which foods contain those nutrients, and you put that information together, it becomes really simple and really obvious to figure out where the nutrients are... and how best to obtain them... We also understand which foods damage the brain and the body... We know that high-sugar diets are extremely dangerous. We know that alcohol is dangerous. We know that these refined seed oils are anything but natural. while we haven't figured out exactly what the risks are, there's certainly no proven benefits. -- There's no reason to consume them. So why take that risk? We understand. That's so simple. So what stands in the way? What is standing in the way of us eating this simple, whole... following these simple whole-food strategies? Eat whole foods that don't cause your blood sugar to run too high or to become unstable. Whole foods, whole plant and animal foods... that are nutritious... and that we have evolved to eat over hundreds of thousands of years. What is standing in the way of us doing that? One thing is addiction to processed foods, high-sugar foods. And another thing... a lot of bad science, a lot of bad research that has... caused people to have the wrong... beliefs about... nutrition in their heads. Things like, whole grains are essential and good for you, red meat causes colon cancer. There's no evidence that those things are true. Between the bad research the love of delicious, addictive foods that are high in refined carbohydrates, like cereals and smoothies and yogurts and ice cream and cookies and chips and pizza, and I could go on and on... chocolate those things are delicious, but they also can be, for many people, quite addictive <break time=“2.03s"/> and hard to imagine letting go of. And I think those are the main obstacles. It's not the... science, the biology is crystal clear. It's very, very simple, as you say. - But human beings are more complicated psychologically. Let's talk more to the grain piece... In your book, you talk about grains and you say that if somebody is going to make one change... within whole foods diet, that's going to be most profound... it's to get rid of the grains. And -- up until recently... they've been the base of the food pyramid. We've been told, eat our grains. Talk about why this isn't a good idea. Well, grains, whole grain, let's not even talk about refined grains. Whole grains -- are when you look at the biology, when you look at what's inside of a grain and what the human body needs, it becomes very clear... that whole grains... are some of the riskiest and least nutritious foods you can eat. So why would you want to base your diet on a food that is extremely poor in nutrients to begin with and is very high in something called antinutrients... which interfere with our ability to use some of the nutrients that they do contain, and which naturally contain high amounts of defensive plant toxins which are designed to protect the embryo, the seed that's inside those grains, which is the future generation of the plant... So these foods are the least nutritious and riskiest foods you can eat. --- The molecules within them that pose real risks to thyroid health, to immune health, to gut health. And the only nutrient that they're reliable for <break time=“2.08s"/> providing for you is starch, is carbohydrate, which again is optional... Starch is complete. So I say in the book, unless you have no other choice. There are people in the world who don't have another choice. There are places in the world where grains are... an important source of calories... must be consumed... because they don't have access to higher quality foods like animal foods. - Unless you have no other choice, these are the riskiest and least nutritious foods you can eat. Why base your diet on that food group? It makes no biological sense. The way you broke that down, it's just all disadvantage. It's crazy. It is all risk and no benefit. The only benefit is calories. If you can't get calories somewhere else. we do need -- calories and we need energy. That's the only situation in which -- I want you to turn to a whole grain. This is the problem with the research. The research isn't thinking about food... The research is thinking... about nutrition from 50,000 feet, looking at dietary patterns. Dietary patterns, without looking what's actually inside those foods and what the real pros and cons are of eating those foods. The real pros and cons of including red wine with your diet. The real pros and cons of eating grains, especially wheat and oats. getting your protein from legumes, like soy and nuts and -- seeds, instead of getting it from animal foods. I call that section of the book "The Whole Truth About Whole Foods," because most of what we understand about whole foods diets is half-truths... that whole grains are good for you. The reason we think that is because they're better than refined grains, not because they're better than no grains at all. - That's what we really want to know. Should we? Do we need to eat this stuff? Do we need to eat whole, do we need to eat grains at all? Why? There isn't a single thing in a grain, in a kernel of wheat, that you can't get more safely and in higher quantities from another food. There's nothing in a whole grain that you can't get elsewhere and wouldn't be better off getting elsewhere. And I think we just need to be honest with people, where this is different than what you've been hearing... It can sound harsh, but is what you're doing right now working for you and other people, and we're seeing how sick the population as a whole is right now. We want to see people get results. And that's why we're trying to cut through all the "BS" here and really tell it to people like it is. And it is radical, but I really want to get this message out to people that, just because it's radical, it's still worth it. Give this a try. What we're saying today is low-risk, high-return. And it's different than what you've been doing. And likely what you've been doing isn't working for you. So give this a try. I just really want people to get the truth, and then have the opportunity to make an informed decision on how they fuel their body. "Jesse," that's exactly right. It's exactly right. So most people are eating in a way that they've been told is healthy, which is actually working against them. And it's not your fault. It's not your fault if you've been following the recommendations and doing your best, but you're not feeling well, and you can expect more. I like to say, I'm nutritionally pro-choice. So I want that choice, just as you said, to be an informed choice. I want you to know what the real risks and benefits are of these different food groups, and then you can do what you want with that information. So -- for example, there's somebody listening right now who prefers a vegan or vegetarian diet, even though that's not biologically optimal. <break time=“1.99s"/> If you understand, you might be making the choice for a reason that has nothing to do with health. Many people who choose plant-based diets are doing it for compassionate reasons. And that is just as valid a reason to follow the diet of your choice as any other reason. - But I just want you to have the right information, because there are some people who are eating a vegan diet purely because they've been told it is the healthiest diet for them. And that is simply incorrect. It's biologically not true. So I want people to have the right information. Then you can decide based on what your priorities are. But most people out there with a mental health condition who have never tried changing their diet in these ways, I want you to know that there's a lot of hope here, changing your diet can be a powerful mental health intervention. It can be much more powerful even than most psychiatric medications in many cases. But you have to know which changes are the right ones to make, and they're not the ones that you're used to hearing about. And it is worth it, as "Jesse" said, try this. It's very low-risk, very high potential benefit, and you owe it to yourself to figure out what's possible. You give yourself three to four months to see whether or not this can help you. And then you can decide, if it's worth it to you to keep going, because whatever you're doing now may not have been working for you. now if you're taking a or have any history of serious symptoms, or are taking... or have any health conditions, it's especially important for you to work with a professional if you're going to make these changes. There's all kinds of information in the book about what to watch out for and why. But even just making the whole foods changes... So changing, for example, to something that a lot of people call a paleo diet, it's not a low-carb diet, it's not a ketogenic diet, it's just a healthier diet. The carbohydrates come from whole foods instead of... not from grains and legumes. They come from fruits and vegetables, instead of grains and legumes. it includes some animal foods, which is really important for you to be able to get all your nutrients. And it's a much healthier diet, much healthier dietary pattern... makes a lot more biological sense. start there. --- Like "Jesse" said, if the one change you make is to remove grains from your diet, that's a great step in the right direction. And I think part of what I was getting at there is if people are going to amp themselves up, make the changes we're talking about today, I want them to at least have a chance at success. And I think a lot of times, even in our world, we tell people, cut down on fruit, the processed grains need to be whole grains. A lot of stuff that's moderate advice, and in the middle. And for people that have a mental health challenge or they're metabolically deranged and they're on their way to type 2 diabetes, I don't think we're doing people any good by giving them that middle of the road advice. And that's something I'm trying to take a strong stance on with this show now and tell people, even if it isn't easy and it's more radical, but at least give people the truth in what it is so they have the opportunity to be successful. maybe they only have the energy to give this a go one time. And if they're still including a bunch of fruit and a bunch of grains, they likely aren't going to see that result they're looking for. And maybe they just decide to push diet aside after that and don't give this a real go when there is so much potential here. So I'm making a point here, putting my flag in the ground to say we need to be radical according to where we are today with a lot of this nutritional advice. But --- people like me and you are going to give them, at least where we're at now, the real truth. we want to give people the best chance of having change. That's right. That middle of the road advice, that it's usually not enough for most people. And so people are going to get frustrated and give up. it won't be worth it. So some tough love. - So there are some, if you're honest with people, and we're trying to be honest with people about what the truth is about your biology and the biology of food, the biology of the brain, what actually makes sense and what we see work now in an increasing number of clinical trials and research and in clinical practice. around the world are using like ketogenic diets to improve so-called chronic, so-called treatment-resistant severe mental illnesses and seeing really remarkable So if you want to really harness the power of your own internal healing potential, if you want to really unlock that potential, you do need not just, like I said, to kind of nibble at your diet around the edges or just kind of sprinkle some superfoods on top. You need to really restructure your diet from the ground up, in ways that are going to support your body's own healing processes. you'd really be really amazed at what's possible, because most people have been eating the wrong way their entire lives and have no idea how much better they can feel if they eat the right way. We've just had the wrong information for decades. it's not your fault. You've been doing your best. A lot of people out there work really hard on their diet, thinking that they're eating the healthiest way they can, the information is simply incorrect. So this is worth it. You are worth it. You are worth it, three or four months. Even if you think, oh my gosh, I could never give up X, Y, or Z for the rest of my life, don't think about it that way. - Think about it as you're going to do an experiment, and you're going to really --- give it your full commitment you're taking your mental health seriously. You're going to give it a real try. Three or four months with professional help in most cases is going to be the best way for you to go about this. And I have a directory on my website which maybe "Jesse" can link to. It's a free clinician directory worldwide. It's international. - You can find dietitians, you can find psychiatrists, you can find primary care doctors, therapists, coaches who understand ketogenic diets for mental health and can support you... at least get a consultation... if not work with somebody longer-term so that you know how to go about this safely. - Give this a real try because you owe it to yourself to see what's possible for you, and how else are you going to know if... the depression or anxiety or... bipolar mood swings or... attention problems or memory problems, how else are you supposed to know whether those are actually coming from your so-called healthy diet? What if your healthy diet has been the problem all along? that's what a lot of people are discovering, is that there's real power feeding your brain properly letting it try to heal itself. Okay, we're going to end on this... Somebody's tuned in to this point. They have a mental health condition, they're metabolically deranged, they likely don't have a lot of energy. But they're inspired, they're ready to take action. What's one thing they can do before the end of today to start building that momentum that's going to take them where they need to go? - I think the first thing you can do, and it's a very simple step really, is just to go through your kitchen... remove some of the things like the low-hanging fruit, the things that... no human being should be eating. So take the flour and the sugar and the vegetable oils and the... cereals out of your pantry and your refrigerator... and make sure that all that's left in your pantry and refrigerator are whole foods... Whole foods meaning single-ingredient foods. Things like meats, eggs, nuts, fruits, vegetables. Just clean up your diet in this way so that you get single-ingredient foods that any child could recognize the name of and pronounce. - And you'd be surprised how most of what's in your is really not good for you. So if you just take that first step and remove those things and see what you're left with, and the next time you go shopping, just buy those whole foods... There's a list in my book, but it's really simple, it's... meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, nuts, fruits, vegetables. That's really it. If you do that... and you focus on those foods, that's huge. You will already be healthier than most people around you. And then you can learn more about next steps that might be -- necessary, like carbohydrate restriction or even ketogenic diets. Even a carnivore diet can be very helpful for people. there are all these really innovative things you can do with your diet that sound counterintuitive but are really powerful. But the first step is just to understand what is a food and what is not a food. And so take all the things out of your -- kitchen that are not foods. The flours and the powders and the crystals and the syrups and the extracts and the --- sugars and the vegetable oil. Take all of that stuff out and see what you're left with. And challenge yourself to eat a truly whole foods diet for the next month or so... and see how you feel. And I'm going to ask people, if they're at the point now where they're feeling sick and tired... they're going to take this on, comment down below if you're on "YouTube" and let us know you're going to try this out. And then two, three months down the road, after you've really given this a shot, come back and comment and let us know what changes you've noticed. And I know for me, I'm going to be really curious looking at that. I'm sure Doctor "Ede" as well, and that'll be inspiring for a lot of other people watching this that are thinking about embarking on this journey. So I just think that'd be a cool way to... engage with the audience. I will keep an eye on the comments. I love reading people's questions and comments, and I will dive into comments section of this video after it gets posted... see if I can address people's questions and cheer some people on. And we are your support... We know you got this. Know that Doctor "Ede" and I have your back. --- The reason why we --- spend time doing this is because we want people to have the information... that can actually help them. My tagline in the book, as corny as it might sound, is hope is on the menu. Hope is on the menu. If you've tried... things, if you've tried medication after medication, even if you've been in and out of the hospital and you've tried all kinds of psychotherapy and nothing has really helped you very much, and you think, well, there's nothing left to try. If you're willing to try one more thing. And so I would really encourage you to explore this really powerful intervention. It's helped a lot of people, and I hope you can be one of them. All right, Doctor "Ede," love the conversation. We're going to link up your book, we're going to link up your website, your social media, the directory you mentioned... And I'm also going to add, I mentioned this to you before we hit record. Your book is profound, and I really think people need to get a copy of your book. I read a lot of books for what I do, and your book sticks out... amongst all the books I read a very powerful mental health book... and even beyond that, metabolic health, getting to the root of disease. So thank you for writing it. It's incredible... and I think people need to get it. Well, thank you, "Jesse." I wrote it to help people, so I put as much information... as I could possibly fit into the book to help you. So please, I hope it does help you make some better decisions and take charge of your mental health. You did a great job. Thank you. Thanks for having me back, "Jesse." I really appreciate it. Thank you for watching. Stick around here for this other great interview. You don't want to miss it. I'll see you over there. Visceral fat is pathological always. It should never happen, but we have an epidemic of it going on right now. Estimates are anywhere between... 40 and 50% of the population... may actually have fatty liver -

  Top Comments:
  1. @JesseChappus [256 likes]: Do you like these types of conversations? Tap the LIKE button and let me know you want more like it ❤ And if you haven't already, do me a quick favour and hit the SUBSCRIBE button, it's a free way to help the channel continue to grow 🙏 Thanks so much! -Jesse
  2. @johnkelly495 [2 likes]: Dr Ede ; Thank you for your book ; the greatest aha that reached me was the “quietness”’ of low carb eating 🙏🙏🙏 … it’s profound .. and feels great .. 🙏🙏 ; Thanks Jesse for your show 🙌🙌🙌
  3. @weiterimtext8134 [1 likes]: Hört doch mal auf! Wer isst denn schon von früh bis spät Zucker, Zucker, Zucker! Es nervt!
  4. @intpwatcher [1 likes]: You are such a good interviewer. 10/10. Perfect.  Never stop, even revisit old interviews. Well done sir.
  5. @lucianainglese3099 [1 likes]: Sono in dieta low carb da 2 anni.
Mi è stata consigliata a causa di una ipercortisolemia che mi ha causato abbassamento del sistema immunitario e artrosi diffusa.
Ora sto molto molto meglio ma i dolori artrosici per i quali non ho voluto operarmi sono in parte ancora presenti. 
Sto seriamente pensando di fare un pò di esperienza con la chetogenica. 
Cosa ne pensate?
  6. @yorkshirekey [1 likes]: Can stress prevent ketosis entirely? I can eat less than 10g carbs a day, for a month and still be 0.1mmol of ketones or lower! But i am stressed. Struggling to get up to 0.5 even in peak times, with next to no carbs. I will not give up though.
  7. @rosannabocchino6835 [1 likes]: Grazie un video molto istruttivo
  8. @samueloliveira1828 [1 likes]: Sensacional 👏🥩🔥🍖
  9. @metalgamedog [1 likes]: Carnivore diet  for life 💪🏻
  10. @Sapwolf: Remember, there are many decent non-carb / non-sugar sweeteners like stevia-based products, monkfruit, allulose, and erythrotol.  But, be careful with erythrotol because it causes gas as it goes through your digestive system if you eat too much.  Like the guest has said, even some non-sugar sweeteners, when in processed food, will stimulate glucose/insulin more than unprocessed real food.
  11. @lilalumpi7361: Ich habe vielleicht ein etwas spezifisches Problem. Seit zwei Jahren ernähre ich mich anfangs Keto und später carnivor. Ich war so fit mit dieser Ernährungsumstellung, wie schon ewig nicht mehr und habe nicht auf meinen Bluthochdruck geachtet, weil dieser ja nicht weh tut. ich habe mir zu viel zugetraut. Leider habe ich im Oktober26 einen Schlaganfall erlitten. Ich habe versucht nur mit Blutdruckmitteln mein Problem in den Griff zu kriegen ohne Statine, Blutverdünner Betablocker und noch ein fünftes Medikament. Leider verschlechtert sich mein Zustand Stück für Stück🙈 ich bleibe aber bei meiner Carnivoren Ernährungsweise. Warum verschlechtert sich mein Zustand?? ich werde immer langsamer und mir wird immer schwindeliger. Jetzt habe ich mich zu diesen Medikamenten entschlossen, um dem Ganzen eventuell chemisch entgegenzutreten.
  Ich habe eine tüchtige Vergiftung mit allen möglichen Schwermetallen und nehme jetzt pflanzengrassaft, Koriander und Spirulina, gegen Glyphosat nehme ich Glycin , weiterhin habe ich zu wenig Eisen und zu wenig Salz. Ich kann mir vorstellen, niemand mir eine Antwort geben, was ich eventuell beachten sollte oder weglassen sollte. Meine Hauptnahrungsmittel sind Eier, Rindfleisch, Käse und besonders Butter. Mit diesem Podcast haben Sie mir Mut gemacht , dass auch weiter so zu halten, aber ich bin verunsichert mit dem ganzen pflanzlichen Nahrungsergänzungsmittel gegen die Vergiftung. Ich würde mich auf eine Antwort sehr freuen❣️👋
  12. @HerbysHanz: 🙋🏻. Sorry, but my brain doesn't do fats.  Like chicken skin, beef.  Gives me a headache.  Sugar(carbs )  dissolve in water and fats don't.  The only thing sticking is the fat I eat.  Not rocket science.  Meat turns into carbs , but fats don't.  Maybe some of us r not carb ready.   🙏
  13. @n.wassermann7723: Das Gehirn nimmt Glukose ohne Insulin, lehren doch die Biochemiker. Wer lügt?
  14. @marylouus: The plants feed your microbiome .

Meat is the flesh of a VEGAN. Only today’s meat has poor diets and unhealthy lives and many times eating the grains you call poison . Unless you’re wealthy that meat is also toxic.

Much of what you say IS TRUE. Sadly, not all of it is and it wouldn’t hurt to recheck the science. And yes, you can do keto with plants. 

Not everyone responds the same to a keto diet and not everyone responds the same to a vegan diet.  it’s not about what you like and what you don’t like. It’s what the labs actually show on your specific bloodwork .
  15. @fireflymary9269: Every-time I do Paleo or keto I feel great. When I go off especially holidays I eventually feel like crap. I love pastries with coffee and Italian pastas etc. My body cant sustain that. I was on psychotropics in the 2000s. They ruined my life. Eat clean. Keep body and mind in movement and curiosity states. =feel good longevity. 
Also-i learned a key cornerstone to health, especially mental. “Beliefs” arent facts. Change your beliefs, change your perspective, =increased happiness and peace. Stop telling yourself unhappy stories. They are just stories. You are the author of your story and movie. You get to cast yourself as the star. You get to decide who is or not in your movie. You are the producer and director. Take charge of yourself, your life, and learn the value of the word “no”.  If you dislike your story, edit it. Rewrite it. Decide to commit to willing change. OPEN YOUR MIND. 

You can be “right” or you can have peace. Not both. 

LET IT GO

THIS TOO WILL PASS
  16. @fireflymary9269: Explain beans and keto or paleo
  17. @fireflymary9269: Eat real food. One ingredient. Nothing in a box.
  18. @fireflymary9269: Who doesn’t struggle with mental health? Especially with Trump as president.
  19. @fireflymary9269: Please address if you will my absolute love to croissants and sweet pastries especially when combined with coffee
  20. @anon7895-m1l: what is too much glucose? I am not arguing either way, but for active people with higher muscle mass who train most days, can we argue that the muscles use most of the glycogen, and therefore the liver wouldn't have to produce as much and the brain doesn't get flooded?

- 2 Tips for Alzheimer's Dementia (Hope for Alzheimers) 2026: Kind: captions Language: en if you or a loved one have been diagnosed with Alzheimer's Dementia or you have multiple risk factors or a strong family history of Alzheimer's disease I'm going to tell you about two things that you can try that have a little bit of research backing them up that could absolutely prevent Alzheimer's from developing or if it's if you've already been diagnosed with it could actually decrease the severity of symptoms and decree decrease the speed of progression so this is a big deal and I don't know why more neurologists and experts in the field of Alzheimer's dementia are not discussing this if you go to one of the the Alzheimer's association's website there will be big press releases about the latest drug agile Helm but you won't find any press releases about the two things I'm going to tell you about in this short video so the first thing that you should try if you're trying to prevent Alzheimer's Dementia or slow down the progression of Alzheimer's dementia is a real Whole Foods one ingredient ketogenic diet there's actually several research studies that have already shown promise of eating a a ketogenic diet in both prevention of and slowing the progression of Alzheimer's dementia you won't see press releases about that for some reason I'm not sure why that is you might have an opinion about that you can tell me in the comments below but it makes perfect sense that Alzheimer's disease is Type 3 diabetes or diabetes of the brain and so if your brain is no longer too able to efficiently use glucose as fuel then why not try to fuel it with ketones and fatty acids that's exactly what a ketogenic diet does you're going to eat a very low sugar diet on a keto diet and it's going to put you in a state a physiologically normal State called ketosis which many people with with especially early Alzheimer's notice that the symptoms improve greatly when they adopt a and stick to a ketogenic diet the second intervention that is is free and easy to try is intermittent fasting again you won't see press releases on the the Alzheimer's Foundation website or the Alzheimer's association website even though there's several research studies that show that either show that that theoretically intermittent fasting should help prevent and slow progression or that actually show the part of the mechanism of how intermittent fasting can uh slow the the onset of symptoms or slow the progression of symptoms should you already have the diagnosis so I'm going to list all the research down in the show notes below and you may flip the tables on me and say well Dr Barry you may be giving false hope by recommending a ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting my answer to that would be that's a valid point but here's why I think it's okay to do that because I'm not recommending some new chemical that was just recently formulated in some Factory somewhere some chemical lab and then made in the factory and then went put through a questionable FDA approval process and then you know advertise millions of dollars worth of advertisements to push it towards people who are looking for hope I'm talking about an ancestral way of eating a diet rich in animal fats and animal proteins and very low in carbohydrates with regards to the ketogenic diet and then I'm talking about intermittent fasting something that every major religion has done since before recorded history and the human beings have done since we've been a species on this planet these are not new fad things these are not new molecules that were invented in a lab the these are just ways of eating and ways of not eating that have some research supporting them that they might prevent the onset of Alzheimer's dementia and they might slow down the progression should you already have been diagnosed now if you've used intermittent fasting or a ketogenic diet to do just what I'm talking about in this video please I beg of you share your story in the comments below because you know as a family member of somebody with alzheimer's or somebody with alzheimer's as a diagnosis you looking for hope you're looking for something to try you're eager to find something that might help fight the Alzheimer's epidemic and slow down the progression of this dastardly disease so please share this video and share your story in the comments below this is Dr Berry I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaggieMiller1: There is no money to be had in diets.
  2. @robintaylor4853: jesus saves soul confess repent sins now
  3. @belltowerringer: How would you convince a family member whose generation was made to believe that doctors give drugs for everything and is resistant to “extreme” dietary changes aka carnivore diet. I have shared videos and asked this individual who’s caring for a loved one with vascular dementia to review the testimonials of your audience only to be met with, well he’s different: he’s got diabetes and thyroid issues.. he’s basically withering away… Anyone?
  4. @Piano-Love: Dr Berry, I just want to thank you for your teachings on alternatives to traditional medicines. My blood pressure was moving up and my doctor wanted to put me on blood pressure medication. After 3 days I couldn’t stand the way it made me feel. I just thought this isn’t for me. Instead, I started eating grapefruit. I love grapefruit! Now, my blood pressure gets readings like 120/80. Your teachings have made a big difference in my life! Thank you!
  5. @WendyWertz-q9v: Thank you my dad dealing with it now ! Making changes immediately
  6. @tedreynolds-v4c: What if you are too thick to get it? Dumb people down treatment. Like thick fucks live forever an look like they have it but they are just thick their whole life so it didnt even bother trying with them, nothing to skim off.
  7. @stellabecker4416: Everything you say is true. I got early onset dementia in my late 50's. It runs in my family. I did the research and did exactly what you just said. I am 71 now and doing great. I do intermittent fasting daily. Usually don't eat from after supper till 12 pm the next day. I did keto that is what turned it around for me. I have ups and downs and have some supplements I take. But I am very grateful. When I was in the midst of it, it was terrifying . I am still doing pretty good and don't stick to keto so much as I ought but do stick to the intermittent fasting. There is hope. I am proof. Thanks for sharing Ken, more people ought to know about this and try it.
  8. @edith3183: My grandma currently has dementia at age 76, but her brain is age 80 and has shrunk a bit. Is it too late to do anything about it?  She is diabetic, once last year her sodium was low, she has changed so much the last 4 years, I've seen the changes. She went on vacation in december and came back this week in a wheel chair.😢 Her disks are not where they're supposed to be and that is why she can no longer walk.
  9. @CynthiaLee-d3k: I went off antidepressants and benzos and haven't been able to sleep well I fall asleep but after a few hours I toss n turn my memory is terrible is there a way to beat it or slow it down
  10. @DeanSchneitman-k2e: ForgottosayIlost68lbswithdietchange.
  11. @DeanSchneitman-k2e: Bigpharmacantmakemoneyoffahealthydiet.IhaveAlzheimersdisease.diagnosedinearly2023
KetoandCarnivorhavereversedmostofmysymptoms
.plusaddingaCpapandheavyexercise6daysaweekplusdailySauna.
  12. @ioannadrs: Could you please make a video about hypothalamic amenorrhea due to stress and overtraining as most doctors advise to definitely raise carbs as well as "good" fats?
  13. @robjamison1410: 1. ketogenic diet
2. intermittent fasting
  14. @AlanGrove-t4r: Images statues the owl is occult so better to avoid have it around.
  15. @MohammedWali-o2r: My mom has lived with me and has Alzheimer's disease for about 8 years. Her body is healthy but she has almost no speech, is pretty much always confused, sleeps most of the day away, is inconvenient and requires constant care. The saving grace in all this is that her personality has not changed. She does get frustrated but mostly she has stayed her own sweet self. It is exhausting caring for her and working, and expensive but necessary to have help. I tried to keep her at home but I don't know how long this will go on and her needs are increasing almost daily. She was adjusting to the medications Donepezil (Aricept), and Memantine but they make her feel sick also. She had problems recognizing other family members and friends. or getting dressed. When the medication no longer helps, I searched for alternative treatment and I was introduced to Rohan's Herbal Clinic who have natural herbal treatment for Alzheimer's and Dementia (BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENT). I spoke to a few people who have used the supplement here in the United Arab Emirates and they all gave a positive response, so I immediately purchased the BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENTS  for my mother. It came in 4 different forms, teabags, powder, capsule and liquid and she commenced usage, she used the herbal supplement for only 2 weeks, and we started noticing positive improvements and after 5 months all symptoms are gone and my mother is living her best life again. I believe there is no act of kindness that is too small that is why I am sharing this testimony here. If you have anybody who is diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease/Dementia, I will advise you to opt out from western medication and go for BRONGEE HERBAL SUPPLEMENT. you will have every reason to be happy again just as I am. You can contact Dr. Rohan  on WhatsApp via +393510553632.
 He is well known for his groundbreaking treatments concerning brain diseases. He is well known for his groundbreaking treatments concerning brain diseases.
  16. @danieldiaz7510: My family runs from a rare Alzheimer’s. It starts at 52 years old. My grandpa died from it. Three of my aunts already passed away from it and my mom has it full-blown Alzheimer’s right now she is 64 
It’s genetic 50% of mom‘s her siblings got it. She’s part of one of them. 😢

It is all about healthy, eating 💯
  17. @nicklazarakis4837: Big doesn't like it. The more drugs they sell you more profit
  18. @Jillian.1John3.9-10: There are way too many reports that verify how PORK is tied to alzheimer, dementia, parasites, tapeworms...  
Pigs are extremely unclean animal, because they can't even sweat and that's why they have to roll in the mud to cool their flesh.
Pigs are filled with poisonous toxins, bec they are the garbage disposables of the world.
We were all warned in Leviticus 11:7-8.
  19. @jeannettemcghee5775: My mother my father my brother my grandparents
  20. @TERMINAL-BALLISTICS: The dysregulated phosphorylation of tau proteins (especially in APOE4-positive individuals) causes tau protein neurofibrillary tangles and brain accumulation of amyloid plaques, due to excessive neuroinflammatory NF-kB transcription. 

A ketogenic diet and intermittent fasting will do absolutely nothing to reverse these processes.

Nanocurcumin is the answer.

- Alzheimer's - Georgia Ede: Kind: captions Language: en I think what people I wish people understood more and what I explained in the book is that you your body doesn't need antioxidants from the outside your cells are equipped with their own internal antioxidants to deal with oxidative stress so the question is why do we have so much excessive oxidative stress in the first place and all that ex excess oxidative stress that we're told to eat more antioxidants for it's coming from the foods we're eating so if you know which foods are causing are the root cause of that oxidative stress and you remove those from the diet then your own internal antioxidant systems can mop up those excess free radicals that that we naturally expect to see from you know eating even a healthy Whole Foods diet there's a certain amount of oxidative stress that we are we are naturally supposed to see when we eat it's part in parcel food processing but uh so if you take the culprits out of the way and let your body you can let your you can trust your body to do the rest so when people go on a ketogenic diet especially if it's a Whole Food's properly constructed well formulated ketogenic diet the one of the reasons why that is such a powerful antioxidant strategy is because it removes so much of the sugar and flour and other refined carbohydrates uh that promote the oxidative stress in the first place so the metabolic Health Summit is important because it focuses on uh really the root causes of most of the chronic mental and physical health diseases we all fear so whether it's depression or Dementia or obesity or cardiovascular disease or fatty liver disease certain forms of cancer um all of these conditions that we think of as normal normal parts of Aging uh all of these conditions which we think uh we have so little control over they're really rooted in uh living a high insulin lifestyle uh and most of metabolic Health has to do with controlling your insulin levels and not about your glucose levels because uh you know as as as so many people who come to this conference already know we're not looking at the right markers we're not we most people uh at least in this country are are are taught to believe that they I mean I think people are starting to understand they do need to pay attention to their blood sugar levels but their blood sugar levels are one that's one of the last dominoes to fall is the fasting blood sugar and that's the test that most people get when they go to their to their Healthcare practitioner uh but by the time your fasting blood sugar level is uh above normal then it's it's you already have a significant amount of metabolic damage what you want to know is how much insulin is it taking for you to keep that fasting blood sugar under control and because those High insulin levels are what are damaging your metabolism over time they're damaging your insulin signaling system uh they are slowly silently uh choking off your brain your brain's energy Supply and of course that's going to lead to all kinds of problems uh for every cell in the body not not not uh uh not just the brain cells but uh where it comes to the brain it's it's particularly important because one of the diseases we all fear and that we feel we have no control over is Alzheimer's disease when actually we know we've been known for 20 years now that there's a there's a huge uh um uh relationship there's not not just a not just an association between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease there is actually a causal a direct causal relationship between insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease and most people don't know that so most people don't know uh that there's already something they can do right now uh that that could dramatically reduce their risk for Alzheimer's disease these

- Nick Norwitz - Ketogenic diets for Alzheimer's Prevention: Don't Push the ApoE4 Boulder': Kind: captions Language: en [Music] well hello everyone and thank you so much for coming to this presentation entitled ketogenic diets for alzheimer's prevention subtitled don't push the apple e4 boulder by me and ignore this so first a little bit of background on me in my disclosures i received my phd and my d phil from the university of oxford and ketogenics and neurodegenerative diseases and i'm a certified metabolic health practitioner with the society of metabolic health practitioners and i'm pursuing my medical doctorate at harvard medical school the class of 2025. as for my disclosures my major disclosure for the purposes of this presentation is that i myself am an appley for homozygote which basically means i do have skin of the game with respect to this topic i'm also on the board of advisors at a company called ketokind although i'm unpaid and i'm co-author on a ketogenic cookbook the new mediterranean diet cookbook from which i do stand to gain royalties although i'm committed to sending all of these royalties to nutrition education and research so without further ado i want to show you a clip that you may be familiar with to help frame what i'm going to talk about so here's that clip [Applause] uh aside from hoping that india would get you pumped up from the loop for the little adventure we're gonna go on the reason i wanted to show you that boulder rolling down a hill clip is because that's how i think about alzheimer's disease i think about alzheimer's disease as a boulder rolling down the hill and once the boulder gets rolling there's really little you can do to stop it no matter how hard you try maybe you can slow the boulder um but to stop it is pretty ambitious and to push it back up the hill is almost impossible so really the goal for alzheimer's disease the holy grail prevention is to not push the boulder down the hill in the first place so the next question are what are the bolted pushers what are the things we want to address so that we don't push the boulder down the hill so that we don't start the vicious set uh the vicious cycles that precipitate alzheimer's disease well not surprisingly those are metabolic factors and lifestyle factors those are the things we want to address and specifically i'm going to be talking about nutrition and ketogenics but just a little bit more in terms of framing statistics currently there are about five million cases of alzheimer's disease in the united states and um case you know prevalence is on the rise by mid-century that number could as much as triple to 14 million cases in the united states alone and in parallel with that is an increase in the economic burden of alzheimer's disease so right now we're spending a billion dollars per day on alzheimer's disease and diabetes each actually but by mid-century we could be spending 1.1 trillion per year or 3 billion dollars per day on alzheimer's disease which is an unsustainable economic burden so even setting aside the unimaginable human burden it's unsustainable economically we need to address this in terms of what population is most important well although only 20 to 25 percent of people which is not a small amount carry apple before 40 to 65 percent of people of patients with alzheimer's disease are actively for positive so if we could reduce risk in this population it would have a massive effect on overall prevalence of alzheimer's disease i would argue perhaps selfishly that apple e4 is the population we really want to focus on when it comes to risk reduction in alzheimer's disease as for how much apple e4 increases risk well on the population level apple e4 increases risk two to three fold if you have one copy and um as much as 15 fold 12 to 15 fold buy some estimates if you have two copies and these patterns they hold on a global level as well as you can see here just a little bit more background what is apoe apple e4 well apple e it's a gene and a protein the apple e gene codes for the apple e lipoprotein which you can show here it's lipidated it's bound to lipids and in apoe4 which is one of three forms of apoe this cysteine is modified to an arginine and what that causes is a pinching of the apple e4 so there's a domain interaction the apple before domains interact and this changes structure it changes function and therefore on the population level increases alzheimer's risk by three to fifteen fold but and this is really important that relationship that increased risk with aptly four does not hold across the globe so for example in nigerians there are um individuals or populations in which alzheimer's apple e4 does not prefer an increased risk of alzheimer's disease so in this study um 20.5 percent of control subjects um who did not have any dementia had apple e4 whereas around 17 percent of patients with ad alzheimer's disease had applew4 so that's actually a lower number although it wasn't actually statistically significant suggesting in this population apple e4 is not associated with increased alzheimer's risk now you could just brush this off as a weird genetic linkage thing but that seems unlikely because if you look at comparative populations with similar genetic backgrounds as they did in the indianapolis abaddon study they find that individuals of african descent so similar genetic backgrounds if they lived in africa in western africa the um increased prevalence of alzheimer's disease the increased incidence over a certain time frame was half as much as africans living in america so you can see in the african-american population new cases of alzheimer's disease over a certain time frame were 2.52 percent of persons and in the african population there's only 1.15 percent corrected for age suggesting that again in people living in western africa because presumably of lifestyle factors apolly 4 is not associated with increased alzheimer's risk so take away lifestyle matters lifestyle is in part mediating the effect of apoe4 on alzheimer's disease and this isn't the only epidemiological data that suggests this you can look at other populations like uh mediterranean populations and you see the same thing so in carriers of apple b4 who are southern italians so again same genetic background if they live in southern italy they have an odds ratio of 1.21 leaving into extreme old age which is actually above one so presumably good um extreme old age being above 99 years old for women and above 95 for men which suggests a life without alzheimer's because once you get diagnosed your median survival with alzheimer's is only three to six years so if you have apple before and you're southern italian and you're living in southern italy you have a great chance of living a long healthy life but if you're aptly 4 and southern italian and you move to the united states or you live in the united states you are much more likely to die early or not live to be in the extreme old age so again all things being equal if people lived in the united states estates and had apple e4 extreme longevity was 71 percent less likely odds ratio 0.29 in the united states versus 1.21 in southern italy which is pretty astonishing and this coupled with um you know the nigerian study and rcts that i'm not going to show but in older populations basically show us or confirm apple e4 it is not a causative uh genetic variant there are a few that contribute to about five percent of cases of alzheimer's disease abp p71 and psalm 2 but the vast majority of cases of alzheimer's disease are not caused by genetics however apple e4 is a risk allele it does not cause it does not cause alzheimer's disease but interacts with lifestyle factors bolder pushers as i'll introduce to precipitate alzheimer's disease so returning to the boulder pusher analogy apple e3 it's kind of the baseline risk we have these metabolic factors these lifestyle factors that are boulder pushers how is the situation different in apple b4 well you still have the same boulder pushers in apple before except some of them are amplified and there might be other boulder pushers getting the boulder closer to the edge in aptly form meaning you have a little bit less wiggle room so another way to phrase this is um you're probably going to hear that number 88 percent of people have metabolic unhealthy i'm sure over the course of this conference somebody's going to say that well if you're in the 88 and you have apple e3 maybe you can get away with it but you have a lot less wiggle room you're pretty close to the edge when you have apple e4 you cannot get away with being in the 88 basically you really need to focus on these golden pushers on neutralizing them so you don't push the boulder down the hill so you can prevent that's what i'm going to talk about i'm going to talk about these extra golden pushers unfortunately and excitingly there is so much new cool data coming out in top journals like cell science and nature just in the past couple of years talking about the metabolic how of alzheimer's disease how apple e4 this lipoprotein this metabolism modifying protein increases alzheimer's risk again by modifying metabolism so if you get nothing out of what i'm about to say because i'm going to bounce around i'm going to say some things i might go over some people's heads i hope you just get from this my level of enthusiasm and optimism because the trajectory we see with alzheimer's disease is so disheartening and yet when you start to look at the data just in the past couple of years this is becoming an area of intense interest and the amount of data that's just come out in a short period of time is giving us so much more information about again the metabolical of alzheimer's disease and i think that is the basis to generating you know bottom-up mechanism and form prevention approaches which is kind of what i'm going to be talking talking about that little well you'll see so again scope i'm going to be talking about mechanism new science and top journals and prevention neutralizing the boulder pushers i'm not going to be talking about symptomatic relief there's a lot of data on that that is the stronger data but those are the data that have been talked about and i'm not going to go after so just as a case in point though this was a study published again this year because so much more data is coming out showing a ketogenic diet significantly improve in alzheimer's disease activities of daily living and quality of life and with a trend towards improvement in cognition um as compared to a low fat diet so this is the philips that i'll study you can look that up but what i'm going to be talking about is prevention the golden pushers with that said you know i want to give a four-hour presentation on this at some point i probably will and record it right now i'm going to be talking about the tip of the iceberg there is so much more this is all related to alzheimer's disease and metabolism from papers i published on it um and i'm just going to be bouncing around but just know there is there is so much data coming out of that before in fact there was a paper this year on apple and uh how it interacts with kobit 19 stars code v2 so we can talk about that in the q a if you're interested but i i think it's such an interesting and exploding area so um one more thing i'll say before i jump into the boulder bushes i promise it's the last thing is again i'm going to be jumping around a lot and not going over all the data that back the models i'm going to show so it's going to seem more speculative than i think it actually is i think there is actually more support that said i lay out a lot of the logic behind what i share in this paper which was published in nutrients a couple months ago in april where we talk about precision nutrition for alzheimer's prevention in apple before this is like microglia astrocytes and neurons parasites blood membrane and stuff i did this in collaboration with the alzheimer's prevention clinic at cornell um if i start losing you and you just want to you know go on mute and go do something else while i i bore everybody else i won't know the difference and you can read this paper later with that said i do want to get into some of the mechanisms so to start first boulder pusher is blood brain barrier dysfunction and to talk about blood brain barrier to function i want to talk about this paper that was published in nature uh in 2020 it's actually one of my favorite studies for the past couple years by montagne at all and what they did in this study was a human study they took 245 people and they subjected them to um dce mri to look at blood-brain barrier breakdown and amyloid and tau levels so amyloid and towel are the basic pathologies associated with alzheimer's disease those are the two you really think about when you think alzheimer's disease and what they found interestingly was that even in even pre-cognitive impairment so clinical dementia rating score is zero in apoe4 carriers there was an increase in blood brain barrier breakdown you can see that here in quantified here an increase in blood barrier breakdown independent of amyloid tap pathologies that's really interesting blood-brain barrier breakdown was elevated in apple reforest independent of amyloid and tau now the important question we should ask is is this clinically meaningful well it turns out yeah it is so what they did next is they broke people down um into baseline groups based on the degree to which they have blood and barrier breakdown they measure this by a cerebral spinal fluid marker soluble plate of the drive with factor beta but basically they took individuals with um high blood brain barrier breakdown marker and low blood bond barrier breakdown marker so high blood band barrier breakdown was blue and low blood barrier breakdown was great and they tracked them for 2.5 to 4.5 years over time and what they found was that increased blood-brain barrier breakdown at baseline predicted cognitive decline on a mental status exam specifically in apple we4 carriers and again independent of amyloid and tau pathologies and what this is telling us is it's showing us blood by barrier breakdown is a novel an independent boulder pusher in apple e4 carriers that contributes to cognitive decline a whole new pathway which is really interesting the next thing we want to know is you know what is the mechanism behind this pathway and there are transgenic mice mouse data that inform this so this is a paper that went hand in hand with that montagne paper this is by bellator also in nature and what they showed using apple e4 transgenic mice is this is the pathway that contributes to bloodbath barrier breakdown so um apple e4 it's unable to inhibit this protein lrp1 which i'm going to talk about a lot so remember it lrp1 which leads to elevated levels of this protein cypa elevated nf kappa b or an inflammatory transcription factor activity and increased expression of this protein mmp9 mmp9 is a gelatinous enzyme that breaks down the blood vein barrier so what they also found in this paper is inhibiting any component of the pathway inhibiting cypa and f kappa b or mmp9 was sufficient to protect against blood-brain barrier breakdown and protect against cognitive decline so the next question we want to ask is how how could we inhibit you know the activity of this pathway because that predicts a protection against blood membrane breakdown ketogenic diet so this study shows a ketogenic diet in mice can significantly reduce mmp9 expression i do want to admit caveat big caveat here this particular study was a mouse model of colon cancer i'm choosing it just because it provides the most illustrative graph for a time restricted presentation it's i think pretty plausible to suggest a ketogenic diet would generally decrease mmp9 activity not just because of these data showing a ketogenic diet does decrease energy activity but also because the pathway was h stack mediated nf kappa b mediated and we have other data suggesting that ketogenic diets are anti-inflammatory they're htac inhibitors and they quiet inflammation and f kappa b activity so there's a good reason to believe ketogenic diets could you know inhibit mp9 expression and protect against the blood-brain barrier it seems plausible that a ketogenic diet could neutralize this new boulder pusher that came out of this 2020 data protecting the brain against cognitive decline in apple four carriers that's pretty exciting moving on i want to talk about endosomal dysfunction and i'm actually going to use lrp1 from this last paper as a bridge just because all these things are interrelated so um lrp1 i said i talked about a lot it's a receptor it inhibits this pathway and like a lot of receptors and uh transporters on cell surfaces it gets recycled through endosomes so endosomes are organelles they you know there's an endocytosis the receptor the lrp1 that ends up in the endosome and then you know can be transported to lysosomes drop things off for degradation or be recycled back to the top uh or the cell membrane and when there's dysfunctional endosomal recycling you can have lower levels of surface membrane proteins like lrp1 or others like insulin receptor which i'll talk about later so in this study by personidol and pnas they looked again a human brain so they did a post-mortem analysis from a large micro array data set and what they found was that in the apple e4 brain there is a down regulation of this protein here nhg6 and nhe6 is an endosomal protein that leaks protons and because of the leaked protons it would decrease the acidity of you know endosomes and so that suggests in an apple e4 context apple e4 endosomes are going to be more acidic or lower ph and that's exactly what we find so in these um this was astrocytes from apple e3 or aquifer transgenic mice uh appley4 increases acidity or decreases ph of endosomes and what this does is causes endosomal dysfunction trapping receptors like lrp1 inside the cell so you can see surface lrp1 levels are decreased and that leads to dysfunctions that can contribute to alzheimer's disease so the one they looked at in this paper was amyloid clearance lrp1 helps clear out amyloid from the brain and as you can see a decreased level of nhg6 contributes to acidification of endosomes decreased lrp1 levels and amyloid clearance in apoe4 again the takeaway apple e4 leads to endosomal acidification and the entrapment of lrp-1 receptor leading to impaired amyloid clearance and again these things are related lrp1 inhibits this pathway so you might have more activation of the blood barrier degrading pathway moving on how is this effect mediated how does apple e4 protein contribute to uh changes in nhe6 and endosomal dysfunction well it has to do with histone d acetylases so you can see very clearly here from this same paper is that histone dslase4 which modifies gene expression and increases nhg6 or sorry decreases energy6 expression is much more active in apple e4 so you can see here the blue is uh the nuclei the dappy stain and in apple e4 you have a lot more hdac4 translocation to the nuclei more hdac4 activity so what you want to do is inhibit hdac4 how do you do that well you can do that with hdac4 inhibitors obviously so um here sorry it's a little small small this is nhd6 expression this red column is apple e3 this blue column is applev4 and here are the broad spectrum hvac 4 inhibitors and what's showing is that they recover nhe6 levels to restore endosome function the ones they focus on were tsa and shaa but i want to point out this column here this is sbut sodium butyrate sodium butyrate or beta hydroxybutyrate they're also h stack inhibitors h stack four numbers which i can show you here so butyrate is very similar to beta hydroxybutyrate and both butyrate and beta hydroxybutyrate they have the same hdac inhibiting activity as the other h stack inhibitors as you can see here so the data in this study might be you know relatable to ketones and i'll show you data to support that what do they find well when you have an hvac inhibitor tsa or shea s-h-s-a-h-a sorry very dyslexic today um they found that you know hdac inhibition it restores endosome ph reduces acidity restores surface lrp1 levels and restores lrp one function in this case amyloid clearance you know i'm i'm putting a lot of pieces of the puzzle together i was predicting to you okay you know because ketones are also hdac inhibitors they should also restore endosomal function and restore lrp 1 levels that's a lot of leaps of faith right that said you know if you go into the literature again new literature just from 2020 and ask the question does vhb also restore um say lrp1 levels well it turns out yeah yeah it does so in this um this is a in vitro bloodbath barrier model brain like endothelial cells or blacks they show that you know just like tsa and sata restore lrp1 levels ketones bhp restores lrp1 levels thus hdac inhibition and beta hydroxybutyrate they both restore lrp1 levels and this can help restore amyloid clearance and endosomal function but this is only the tip of the iceberg because while i focused on lrp1 as a case in point endosomal function it's a core pathology of alzheimer's disease other proteins like abca1 which is involved in appley lipidation insulin receptor which is involved in cerebral insulin resistance they're also trapped in endosomes uh and this is associated with apple b4 i'll talk a little bit about insulin receptor later so the endosome entrapment model can explain increased blood-brain barrier altered amyloid efflux and increased plaques changes in lipid function dysfunctional lipid transport lipotoxicity and cerebral insulin resistance i think that um the the endosome model is one area right for exploration where we'll see more research in the coming years but what we do know is that consistent with you know the model that put forth ketones can restore at least lrp1 levels so it's a hypothesis there's actually more data too to support this hypothesis again this is all just from the last couple years so i'll kind of go through this quickly because i'm a little bit rambly but let's take this protein for example piccom so pikon which stands for phosphatidyl inositol binding platform assembly protein it's a master regulator of endosome function picon influences endosome function and piccom mutations are actually themselves and functionally piccom is related to receptors that gets cycled through endosomes like lrp1 people have speculated that a core defect in pitcom can cause endosome dysfunction and this is associated with alzheimer's disease and so what in this paper they did is using human ipsc derived astrocytes they found that increasing piccom expression completely rescued endocytic dysfunction in apple b4 which is pretty exciting these results suggest that increasing pitcom dose uncouples the presence of apoe4 from its detrimental effects on endocytosis how does this relate to ketones well maybe ketones can you know they increase a lot of people would they increase pecan which would predict improved endosomal function heck yeah so in this paper ketone bodies significantly enhance protein levels of pgp which are against cycle through endosomes and piccom described to be involved in amyloid clearance so again what we see here is that ketones increase levels of a master regulator of endocytosis which is dysfunctional and apple before summing it up in just this little model it's theoretically possible that ketogenic diets could increase picon levels to help restore um endosome function that apple before context restoring lrp1 levels pgp levels abcl1 levels and insulin receptor levels and more so another bolder pusher in the books it's feasible that ketogenic diets can help restore endosomal functions in apple e4 carriers which is pretty cool a favorite topic i think of some of the people listening listen we'll talk about cholesterol and energy metabolism so this is a cool paper that came out this year in cell press and neuron um it was in vitro data and appley for transgenic mice about cholesterol metabolism which is hot in the ketosphere and energy and micrornas weirdly enough so for those of you who don't know micrornas are small non-coding rnas that inhibit mrna translation into proteins so they inhibit protein expression at the translational level this paper was quite complicated but i want to bring it down to earth a little bit by uh building on dave feldman's lipid energy model so if you guys aren't familiar with this slip energy model that's a shame you need to learn more about it that is a uh a request from me please because it's so cool and i love dave but dave you know proposes this energy model that boats in the bloodstream whereby apple b particles specifically the ldl lineage the ldl ldl lineage functions to transport triglycerides little lightning bolts and cholesterol from the liver to peripheral organs around the body as a form of you know energy transport so the triglycerides are the energy and the cholesterol is coming along for the ride an analogy to that i want to talk about not apple b you know ldl as boats in the bloodstream but apo e lipid particles as boats in the brain so like ldl particles applewood particles carry cholesterol that's the plus side in names model and that's the plus sign in my model here's cholesterol applewood particles carry cholesterol around the brain they also carry micrornas and what are the micrornas doing um well i guess first question where is applebee carrying its cargo from into well astrocytes or support cells in the brain they're the main producers of apoe and the main producers of cholesterol they're the thing that produce most cholesterol for neurons astrocytes produce apoe containing lipoprotein particles that contain within them cholesterol and micrornas and ship them over to neurons so we know that cholesterol is being delivered to neurons to be incorporated into membranes what are the micrornas doing the micrornas are actually inhibiting cholesterol synthesis at the trans by inhibiting the expression of cholesterol cholesterol-producing enzymes at the translational level so this is a figure from the paper and each blue square is a different microrna inhibiting that protein's expression so this is the right limiting enzyme hmg coefficient you can see all the micrornas that target it for decreased now i do want to emphasize here this is not decreasing brain cholesterol production overall but shifting the burden of cholesterol synthesis from neurons to actress astrocytes and thinking energetically this makes a lot of sense why would it make sense to shift the burden from neurons to astrocytes well one you know cholesterol synthesis it's a very energetically expensive process so it makes sense to try to relieve the metabolic demand on neurons so neurons can do other things like express memory genes in addition acetyl-coa is a precursor to cholesterol so de novo neurosynthesis would deplete a krebs cycle a tca cycle substrate which is needed to previous energy also acetyl coa is needed to acetylate histones and alter gene expression or increase gene and these aren't just things i'm coming up with randomly this is in the paper and supports the model that i'm going to show you the bottom line i'm trying to express this slide is it makes energetic and adaptive sense to shift the burden not reduce cholesterol synthesis but shift it from neurons to astrocytes astrocytes they send um i'm the first starting with apoe3 so this is baseline this is what should be happening that apoe3 particles uh are aptly applewood particles they carry the cholesterol in the micrornas term neurons in carrying the micrornas those micrornas as we know they decrease cholesterol synthesis enzymes and you can see that here so like hmg cova reductase when you have the micrornas you decrease the cholesterol synthesis enzymes this leads to an increase in the acetyl-coa pool as i alluded to leading to an increase in histone acetylation and you can see that here here's a stone acetylation and an increase in membrane gene expression so again apple wheat particles they deliver micrornas supply and cholesterol which neurons need relieving the cholesterol synthesis burden on neurons you can increase the acetyl-coa pool you also have more energy you can increase histone acetylation and you can increase memory gene expression how does this situation differ in an apple e4 context well in apple e4 appley4 um actually delivers less cholesterol for whatever reason i don't even know why but appley for particles they deliver less cholesterol and so it also makes sense that they're not going to want to inhibit cholesterol synthesis as much because the neurons still need cholesterol so they deliver fewer micrornas and you can see that here apoli delivers fewer micrornas and less cholesterol leading to a smaller decrease and so cholesterol synthesis enzyme so fewer micrornas and apple b4 this is apple e4 versus apple e3 ratioed and then a smaller decrease so this column is apple e3 this column is apple e4 a smaller decrease in appley for context meaning that there's going to be a depletion of the acetyl-coa pool meaning there's going to be less histonicity deletion meaning there's going to be worse expression of memory genes in an apoe4 context how does this relate to ketones or specifically the ketone body of beta-hydroxybutyrate well if you think mechanistically beta-hydroxybutyrate is perfectly situated to address all the nodes in this pathway so for example bhb can we talked about how we showed data showing it can improve lrp1 levels and llp1 is actually the thing that helps mrnas get delivered to neurons so although there might be fewer micrornas it can help the efficiency of delivery of the micrornas are there so that helps it also is a direct uh precursor for acetyl coa it has been shown in studies to boost the ac lookaway pool so it could you know intervene at this stage of the pathway providing more substrate for histone acetylation and it's an hdac inhibitor further increasing histamine distillation histone hdac activity and increasing insulin acetylation to promote membrane expression and it's an energy substrate so even though the energy burden on neurons might not have been believed as much it gets more energy now for bhp so there's lots of different ways that ketones could affect this pathway again this is speculation but this is 2021 data so you know maybe i'm i'm laying out some areas of exploration but again these mechanisms are plausible and they're very interesting so that's one more boulder pusher in the books one more way a ketogenic diet could help prevent alzheimer's disease by neutralizing a specific boulder pusher in apple e4 next folder pusher vascular defects this was also 2121 data and in neuron so cell press by yamazaki at all and this is an interesting paper because they did an apple e4 transgenic mouse model but a conditional expression model so they only expressed that but before or apple e3 in vascular mural cells so they would be only affecting vascular function what did they find well there was decreased cerebral blood flow no surprise and this was sufficient to cause a decrease in long-term potentiation which is uh the basis of memory and change in behavior so these data are showing that vascular defects associated with apple e4 are sufficient to you know really contribute or cause in this model features of impaired memory and behavioral manifestations that would be associated with alzheimer's disease and this is a whole field or sub-field that's being explored sydney strickland or rockefeller is really the big name in this field talking about how vascular defects are a core early pathology of alzheimer's disease some people think there are always vascular defects and alzheimer's disease there's a lot of overlap between vascular dementia and alzheimer's disease and it's interesting to look at some of the trials for addressing alzheimer's symptoms or slowing disease progression um because they inevitably have really high rates of hypertension so 70 hypertension in this trial which is not cherry picked i went for the finger trial because it was one that i had on hand that's ridiculous 70 hypertension it's no surprise i think anybody listening here that our society is basically structured for vascular dysfunction if you think about the way we eat the high glycemic carbs contribute to insulin resistance along with the snack and also insulin resistance you know that decreases nitric oxide levels which impairs vascular function also the high fructose corn syrup you know the fructose generates uric acid also decreases nitric oxide more vascular dysfunction and sago cement carbon gets glucose excursions causing endothelial damage around around around sedentary lifestyle stress cortisol all these things and to address vascular dysfunction i mean really it's a again holistic lifestyle intervention but we do have pretty good data suggesting low carb though clean low carb diets can improve vascular function i won't carry the burden of talking about all of that but if you're interested in that topic i'd refer you to some of the work by uh dr david unwin another one of my role models i remember listening to a presentation by him this past summer where he was looking at um low carb diets and diabetes and showed that low carb diets were about twice as effective as sglt2 inhibitors for hypertension and diabetics which is pretty cool in my opinion so one more boulder pusher you know clean low carb diets or a lot of interventions to be perfectly honest could address vascular defects that underlie alzheimer's disease and in particular in an apolly 4 context where the gene itself or the gene varying can exacerbate basket defects again get less wiggle room if you're apply for moving on um microglia so microglia are the resident immune cells in the brain inflammatory cells that contribute to alzheimer's disease inflammation in the brain contributes to alzheimer's disease and i want to relate this to the standard amyloid cascade hypothesis which you probably all know about in which um alzheimer's amyloid contributes to neurofibrillary tau tangles these are the two main pathologies associated with alzheimer's but there's a lot of question of what links am going to tell and one of the things that links emily to tao there are several is microglia these inflammatory immune cells in the brain and specifically nlrp3 inflammasome activation in microglia so you see here in this graph this is from um uh alzheimer's disease mouse model and what you see here on the y-axis is um ata it's a marker of phosphorylated tau so this and this app mouse model is going to have increased amyloid what you find is if you knock out the nlrp3 inflammasome it neutralizes the effect so there's no linkage between amyloid and tau suggesting that you know microglia and nlrp3 inflammasome activation help link amyloid to tau which contributes to neuronal dysfunction and no surprise apple e4 can kind of exacerbate this push the boulder closer to the edge where apple e4 makes microglia more inflammatory it can help activate microglial nlr pc reactivity the goal should be to help you know decrease inflammation in the brain which you can do through a clean keto diet but i'll get to that in a minute this is just data from this is human data from the freiburg study that was the opening slide of this boulder section so in this study they took 154 autopsy brains actually from the framingham heart study population and they were looking at activated microclia this is uh iba1 a microglial marker and associating with hypothalam with tap pathologies and what they found was that specifically in apple weave for people the red line there was a correlation between microglial activity and tau pathologies there was a trend it looks like in the aptly four negatives it was much stronger and positive suggesting a goal maybe it probably in everybody but specifically in apple before carriers at least should be to quiet microglia calm them down decrease inflammation by inhibiting the nlrp3 inflammasome and as many of you may know from the famous 2015 um data ketones inhibit nlrp3 but i'm not going to show that data probably because a lot of you have seen it instead show new data from shippy at all and this was a brain model uh alzheimer's model of alzheimer's disease sorry a mouse model of i think all alzheimer's models alzheimer's disease are altered and what they found is that bhb ketones inhibit nlrp3 so you can see here also bhb in the um amyloid mouse model decreased microglial activity and this again new data from 2020 this is again saying ketones probably or plausibly can neutralize a boulder pusher in apoe4 which is cool now at the moment a lot of you have probably all been waiting for insulin resistance an insulin receptor this is the oldest study i think i'm actually showing which is saying something because it's a 2017 study but it was published in neuron and cell press it's a great study by zhao it all it was an apple e4 transgenic mouse model looking at insulin signaling what it showed was that aptly for traps insulin receptor you can see here inside cells because it creates endosomal dysfunction tying back into the beginning so um just as a review this is the insulin signaling cascade where insulin binds to receptor tyrosine kinase activates insulin receptor substrate phpk pdk1 akt but i want to focus on this protein which you might not heard as much about gsk through beta glycogen based kinase iii beta name because it phosphorylates glycogen synthase and changes uh glycogen storage but this protein in my opinion uh its name under represents its importance especially in the brain so gsk3 beta is really important in the development of alzheimer's pathologies so both amyloid and tapathologies gsk3 beta it changes um how amyloid precursor protein is cleave promoting um toxic amyloid illumina production um it also can help excre increase levels of base one beta sequitase um which helps again produce toxic amyloids and another name for gsk3 beta is tau kinase one because it's one of the principal tau kinases that phosphorylates tau making hyper phosphorylated tau nerves and delivery tingles again bottom line gsk3 beta contributes to the major mythologies just because it's such a bad guy in the brain i'm not stereotyping it i had to throw it a little subtle joke and one of the papers i published i don't know if this looks like anything or anybody to you i don't know if we have game of thrones fans but i couldn't help it maybe that joke was lost on some people i hope some people got it if you get it i love you more to the point what they showed in this study was that in the apple e4 context mice were much more vulnerable to increased gsk3 beta activity insulin resistance induced by an obesogenic diet so you can see here high fat diet which is a high fat high sugar diet caused psk pgsk3 beta over gsk through beta is inhibition of this protein so lower levels mean less inhibition more activity and we can see that that in the apple e4 mice but not the apple e3 mice the obesogenic diet the standard american type diet from ice led to a decreased inhibition of gsk3 beta meaning that you're going to get more amyloid and more tap so just summing it up in a little graphic more social media or media references a you know trash diet like sucra sucrose lodex which is like our lard and soybean oil like it's like pork rinds and coke for mice um contributes to insulin resistance the activation of gsk3 beta and then amyloid and tau pathologies and there's a lot more i could say on insulin resistance in the brain um in apple b4 it's just such a wide topic i'm just going to throw some things out there um homa ir score so higher indicating more insulin resistance leads to decrease or is directly correlated with decreased cerebral glucose metabolism and also increased insulin resistance is associated with worse cognitive functions hyper insulinemia which goes it goes hand in hand with insulin resistance so if you're insulin resistant you're going to have high insulin levels and insulin competitively inhibits this protein here in slim degrading enzyme which degrades amyloid so insulin degrading enzyme integrates amyloid and insulin but if you're insulin resistant there's more insulin and it competes with the enzyme so less amyloid it gets degraded which then starts a vicious cycle leading to more gsk through beta activation also more insulin resistance and spiraling down this is the part of the path where the boulder is rolling down the hill and you get a vicious cycle so let's not push the boulder furthermore if you're eating a diet rich in sugars you're going to get more advanced glycation end products and apple e4 it binds advanced vacation and products much better about threefold better than apple e3 again apple e4 it exacerbates the damage of unhealthy lifestyle choices so it's unhealthy for everybody but apple e4 just multiplies that effect how do we address insulin resistance or prevent it we know what effect you know a clean low carb diet can have for a lot of people it can put in some resistance to the grave anyway that was a lot just summing up coming back to this model this boulder down a hill model the goal is not to push the boulder on the hill don't be indie running and what we found through exploring the mechanisms and i don't have clinical data on this in part because you know we never going to do these 20 30 year clinical trials that need to be done but also i specifically chose to focus on new data coming out in 2020 and 2021 so this is all new i'm just trying to set up a framework for why this makes sense mechanistically and what we found is that clean ketogenic diets they can potentially protect against the pushers of blood and barrier dysfunction endosomal dysfunction related to lrp-1 abca1 which didn't even get to talk about insulin receptor improve cholesterol and energy metabolism that was that model with dave's boats in the bloodstream in my brain in the bloodstream or boats in the brain vascular defects activated microglia calming neural inflammation improving or protecting against insulin resistance it's all very interesting and very plausible now very obviously what i provided here is speculation i 100 admit that but what are like what are our options for true prevention because there are no no true prevention trials nor do i think will there ever be for a disease that starts decades before symptoms manifest you know epidemiology just shows us that um lifestyle factors will be protective it doesn't tell us which we should actually implement especially with respect to nutrition it doesn't allow us to draw conclusions about what to eat all we really have with respect to prevention and nutrition is inform speculation and for people like myself living at higher risk for alzheimer's disease people across the lifespan from this baby to this man mechanism informs speculation these will be my last words mechanism in form of speculation it is speculation but it's far better than just a shrug thanks for listening thanks nick paul apollo e4 has almost been a death sentence uh previously but it's clearly not uh you know not that way no and what i often say is that genetics is not fate and while we do know that for the average person leading the average lifestyle carrying apoe4 can increase your risk of alzheimer's disease and dementia it doesn't have to be like that and nick just presented two very neat studies so one of my favorite ones is when they took a a group of ethnic nigerians living in the city of indianapolis and they compared them to an identically similar group of nigerians living in a city called in badan and these two cities were historically linked by the live trade and they had the same rate of apoe4 carriage and incidentally it's the highest rate of apoe4 carriage of any population in the world and they found that the population living in nigeria had two and a half times less risk of alzheimer's disease so it really goes to show the impact of lifestyle so and in southern italy study they actually found that if they had a ethnic southern italians living in italy they had a very good chance of living to a ripe old age what they call extreme old age but if they are living in a similar city in america with poorer metabolic health as we know that uh you know of us adults only about 12 of us adults are actually metabolically healthy then their chances of living to a ripe old age were way down so i guess the key the key thing to remember is that if you do have apoe4 it's not a death sentence it doesn't necessarily consign you to developing dementia but it is really really important that you take care of your metabolic health it's more important for you than for most people you

  Top Comments:
  1. @shinjokagama7521 [20 likes]: There are not many people like Nick. He is a soon to be medical doctor with a doctorate degree in bioscience. Incredibly smart yet humble and open-minded. Thank you, Nick, for the good work you and your friends are doing.
  2. @MN-wg8qd [3 likes]: Problem with keto for people with APOE4 is the rise in apob and ldl; of which the former has a strong correlation to cardiovascular disease.  I know not all low carbers believe this, but.  

Is low carb instead of keto, with few saturated fats and maybe a bit more protein and carbs a better approach?
  3. @pirateslife4me [2 likes]: Summation: Six (6) factors are emerging in research that may contribute to the "boulder" of Alzheimer's rolling down the hill:
1) Blood-brain barrier breakdown (MMP-9)
2) Endosomal dysfunction leading to decreased amyloid clearance in the brain
3) Cholesterol & energy production - ApoE4 particles downregulate
4) Vascular defects
5) Activated microglia (inflammatory immune cells)
6) ApoE4 exacerbates effects of insulin resistance
ALL of these are thought to be remediated by a more ketogenic diet
  4. @sabby123456789 [2 likes]: I gave up on the ApoE4 diet.

Avoiding carbohydrates was not enough and people with ApoE4 have to avoid saturated fat too.

This makes everything unpalatable.

We cannot put butter on vegetables or eat meat with its fat but have to replace them all with olive oil and lean meat.
  5. @JCK-gi2gm [2 likes]: I'll be back with data and bullet points but these two in particular, and Dr Norwitz are doing a great dis-service to APOE4 homozygous (2 copies) carriers (including himself and myself) by not pulling this video and others that need to be updated, NOW.  2020 and 2021 are not new and as Dr Nick says, a lot changes in a couple years.  If you''re APOE2/3, and 3/3, Keto to your heart's content (pun intended).  But if you're  APOE 3/4 or especially 4/4, you need to look at the data much more closely.  Yes, better than a shrug but that "informed mechanism" can cut both ways.  Even 3/4s may be okay on Keto IF they have no familial cholesterol history, and a number of other genetic predispositions but if you're not getting lipid testing done on a regular basis every 3-6 mos, you could be making things worse, if not your potential risk of Dementias then heart disease and stroke risk.  Diet and nutrition (as Nick and many others have said) is the most difficult factor to research well because of all of the many interacting factors plus you can't do any double-blinds and all of the long-term studies are based on self-reporting.  It's possible to mitigate some but not all skewing and you may end up with statistically significant results but NOT clinically significant on top of putting one or more segments of the population under a greater, not a lesser risk due to self-interest.  Too many people blindly follow this and other diets because they "sound" plausible, and they work for some (which is great) but they've not gene-tested for APOE4 and other genetic risk factors, nor do "many" even have a handle on their cholesterol and especially their triglyceride levels.  Nor do enough people understand the difference between body cholesterol and brain cholesterol, which is why the blood-brain integrity is so very, very important.  And above all remember that (currently) the best we can do is build models and models of anything are not the real thing, they are ALWAYS simplified to a large degree no matter what the field let alone such a new and (finally) fast changing field.   Do your due diligence on this as much as you can.  Today's great thing can be tomorrow's Hindenberg (weird analogy but I'm rushed).  I don't have the time that Dr. Nick has or many of you.  I have 3-5 years before the average age of symptoms beginning in my family.  Maybe the dice roll will go my way but since the last 25 years of Alz research yielded little due to ego, ignoring and/or beating down alt theories to beta and tau as THE key which ended up sucking up 90% or more of the research $ (money goes with the leading contender and potential money makers) until finally a few years back more and more broke away and are now following many more potentially fruitful paths and what do we have on the market for all that effort and $ and an unmeasurable at this time, increase in false/corrupt data and studies being changed or retracted but like in many professions, there's a lot more that hasn't been discovered or being protected by self-interested institutions and companies.  All this crap and more is casting at least some doubt on the process itself.  Then of course, here in the Capitalist States of Merica, BigPharma was able to fast-track 3 (or 4?) related meds and the best MAYBE slows progress by up to "27%" (what's the range, demographics and more), at a monthly cost of $26K a month(!).   So much more but I've gone on too long but I'm so angry at the waste and corruption and greed.  I really wanted to go on the Keto diet but what I've read lately for my situation (more than just the relatively rare 2xAPOE4), it would definitely add to the damage that has likely been going on already for X years.  Alz is definitely a multi-source killer that we're just beginning to really understand small pieces of it and diet, etc is definitely a huge part but if you go with this, do yourself a favor and start learning (if you don't already know) how to find and read journal articles and not just the overview and conclusions at least if you're APOE4.  There are least two problems with (almost?) every article cited here if you're 2xAPOE4, one is that the effects are watered down by combining (if the homozygous group is even "represented" ) the two groups.  Total APOE4 population is estimated (and everything is an estimate) in the neighborhood of 27% but the 25% works just as well but the 2XAPOE4 pop is only about 2-3% but has a 3x (or higher) estimated risk factor on its own.  So, risks for "my" group for everything from diet to drugs in reality fit for the most part in "unknown" especially to be considered "statistically significant". For APOE3s and 3/4s, it could very well the reverse, in at least some studies that have or have a larger representation of 4/4s, that 3/3 or 3/4 risk is lower than reported for a particular test of a particular whatever.  As best as I can tell and I do not have the credentials, nor do I have access to any of the journals behind $$$walls, but it seems very likely that 2xAPOE4s, if they're represented at all depending on the mouse models being used, are mostly under-reported-represented and it's very, very difficult or impossible to tell in data sections (but I'm getting better) due to a lack of data transparency, a lack of "interest", due to the small population (only one smaller is the 2/2 group).  After all this I doubt if I'll be back.  Just be careful and if you can't get an Alz type test due to cost, and it is a big barrier, get regular cholesterol panels done.  Look at family dementia history, and family member cholesterol issues to help inform your decision.  And lastly, the field will be greatly changed in 5 years, let alone what will occur in the next 50, as long as publicly funded basic, evidence-based research  continues, because it is in danger from political, public, religious, and MedIndustry groups who couldn't care less
  6. @markmehling5347 [2 likes]: Would enjoy seeing you and a conversation with Dale Bredesen who has seen reversal of Alzheimer’s ie pushing the stone back up. Keep up your work!!
  7. @willemvanriet7160 [1 likes]: Our thoughts can affect the way proteins fold just like the nutrients we ingest. Read that in The Wisdom of our Cells by Dr Bruce Lipton. Fascinating stuff!
  8. @motivatedgma3098 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for breaking this down! My grandmother had Alzheimer’s, dad has memory issues and have increased in me over the last year. We both drink exogenous Ketones, but I think we need to be more diligent! I love the studies breaking down the differences about where we are living!
  9. @burnhamsghost8044 [1 likes]: Nigerians don’t eat ketogenic diets
  10. @carolynwilson7736 [1 likes]: If you have one APOE4 gene, does it matter if ge other one is 2 or 3?
  11. @edithh6779 [1 likes]: How big a role, if any, does sea food play in the diets of the Nigerians in Nigeria, who were studied?  Does DHA deficiency play a role in this hypothesis, or is it an alternate factor or is it incidental?
  12. @edithh6779 [1 likes]: Are you able to connect any of this hypothesis to the apparent benefit for the blood brain barrier of ingesting DHA phospholipids.  Thanks, Im encouraged by this presentation as much as I was able to follow it.
  13. @AlanWil2 [1 likes]: Cheers,  mate! 👍
  14. @KimberleyRivera-r9b: What about for those individuals that have the mutations that are associated with Alzheimer’s? Like the APP, PSEN1 and PSEN2??
  15. @pirateslife4me: The New Mediterranean Diet Cookbook (Norwitz is one of the authors of this keto-oriented cookbook)
  16. @SandraSaunders-p3f: Dr Norwitz new stuff is also amazing. I really enjoy his videos and look forward to new posts.
  17. @joshydillens148: Hello Mr.Norwitz 

Have you heared of the new spanish study that basically shows, that all E4 / E4 carriers will get Alzheimers sooner or later?
I am, like you homozygous and pretty freaked out by this - thought perhaps you have a view on this that doesn‘t see it as dramatic?
  18. @tarikcamacho: I believe this is a good presentation for sure but I was not able to follow his thoughts througtout the end of video.  Too much technical and difficult terms.  This is not for commum people but for specialists.
  19. @peggycearnach8034: I always thought Indy should have ducked the boulder.
  20. @charleslueker2597: Does emitting protons mean it’s emitting light? So it glows.

- Can someone with an APOE4 genotype follow a ketogenic diet? | Dominic D'Agostino: Kind: captions Language: en there's a learning curve to the ketogenic diet and i found i went right into the classical ketogenic diet i bought the book you know the ketogenic diet for pediatric epilepsy and now it's the ketogenic diet for epilepsy and other neurological disorders same author dr eric kossoff dr mackenzie cervanka from johns hopkins and the team there and they they advocate for a variety of different types of ketogenic diets and then adjusting it to the patient and their circumstances too it's going to be important in the world of epilepsy so we're talking so it remains the only widely accepted application of the ketogenic diet at this time is really epilepsy and metabolic disorders like glucose transporter type one deficiency syndrome pdh deficiency and things like that and interestingly there are inborn areas of metabolism that are contraindicated with a ketogenic diet like uh you know carnitine transferase activity cpt-1 you know uh whether it be primary or secondary too so it could be deadly a ketogenic diet could potentially kill you if you have carnitine you know transferase deficiency so that's a whole other topic we could discuss you bring up an interesting point with the contraindications because um i'm interested in a few of those aspects so for one perhaps other genetic variants that maybe aren't as rare so for example you know apoe4 allele which you know according to the population has one of those alleles um like how is it known how people with that um polymorphism respond to ketogenic diets and also you you mentioned you know briefly about people that sort of race into the ketogenic diet without any sort of carbohydrate slowly carbohydrate restriction and how it can elevate some biomarkers like triglycerides for example um i'd love to talk about like what biomarkers do you think are good to monitor and to to see if someone is favorably or unfavorably responding to a ketogenic diet and at what point would you like how many times did you would you do it before you sort of give up and sort of modify the diet or change that maybe types of fat you mentioned the types of fat or you know yeah yeah things like that yeah i think it's important a lot of people jump into the ketogenic diet and uh you know just from a standard diet it's important to test the water you know if you're not using it for epilepsy or another disorder you want to titrate the carbohydrates down and track and monitor along the way maybe do like cut your carbs in half or by two-thirds or whatever and then at the four or six week mark get blood work again and look at your glucose response check for hypoglycemia things like that so uh so apoe you know that's about one quarter right of the population um i get this question a lot and i don't think it's ideal uh even that the books on ketogenic diets say that it's an unnatural diet and it's not healthy and it's not sustainable so these are from the people who researched the ketogenic diet who published the most on the ketogenic diet who are in the trenches using this diet as a medical therapy for like known conditions that are responsive to the ketogenic diet so with that said you know dietary teams that manage patients for up to 10 years 20 and even i had some correspondence with the team that are measuring people uh and and cardiovascular parameters too uh their heart health for 30 years so in patients for example with important areas of metabolism that need to be on a like a classical type ketogenic diet for like three decades and they're still doing all their blood work looks great so i think that's a good example that the diet's not going to kill you it would have done that a long time ago and these patients that are on like a four to one or three to one ketogenic diet uh but i think it's important to when it in the context of apoe4 the a high fat extremely high fat is probably not ideal and so you want to take probably a more moderate approach and just restrict carbohydrates i think it's really important to get lots of fiber lots of phytonutrients we know the data on fiber is just really really good so there's just there's no arguing and people argue against fiber but i think the data for fiber is really good for not just for the microbiome for the phytonutrients the micronutrients as you know there's been a lack of appreciation for micronutrients and ketogenic diets and that has caused problems like selenium deficiency which led to cardiomyopathy and there's case reports where people have literally i think one or two where people have literally died from cardiomyopathy because of selenium deficiency associated with the ketogenic diet so you want to make sure you supplement appropriately but you don't have to supplement if you if you formulate the ketogenic diet appropriately with the right time types of foods but it's not always possible uh but for apoe and getting back to your apoe so a diet that's uh moderate in fat moderate in protein and and i think of carbohydrates as fiber so plant-based fiber moderate protein and then fats the types of fats are important so monounsaturated fatty acids as opposed to long chain like saturated fats medium chain triglycerides are probably helpful there is a study that was done using a product that is caprylic triglyceride which is mct at the time it was called ac 1202 by xera it was a product that was designed for alzheimer's disease as an alternative energy substrate that would be given and the results of the study showed that improvements in mild cognitive impairment were associated with ketones so there was a correlation with that but they did not see the correlation people with apoe4 which was kind of interesting although i think a larger study probably would have shown like a difference but i think the take-home message is that um a diet that's very like super restrictive and high in fat is probably not ideal for apoe4 patients and adding ketones in the form of exogenous ketones could probably be ideal there was a case report by uh on a patient that i am familiar with that i'm familiar with with um uh the wife of the patient that had passed away but he was maintained on a ketogenic diet and then later on ketone esters and exogenous ketones and was uh did quite well in this diet for a long time and it wasn't a restrictive ketogenic diet but he did much better with ketone supplementation as a means to improve his cognition and different behavioral parameters too so i think that would probably be the better way to go i'm very cautious and speculating and giving medical advice i'm not a medical doctor i am a professor and i'm professing that i think that a more moderate style mediterranean-like low-carb slash ketogenic diet with supplementation in the form of things like omega-3 fatty acids mct oils the fatty acids comprising the diet should be more along the lines of monounsaturated fats and not so much heavy saturated fats which in the context of apoe4 is probably not a good thing to chronically maintain a state of ketosis with super high saturated fat yeah so maybe more avocados more of the nuts and olive oil salmon which is a good type of polyunsaturated fatty acid and i mean that's the kind of diet that i'm that i was doing and will try again and we'll talk a little bit more about why i'm so interested in ketogenic diets i don't have epilepsy and i'm certainly um not someone that eats a standard american diet either but um i there are so many interesting effects that being in a state of ketosis and having the ketone bodies elevated and um that to me are very interesting and you know i think possibly beneficial for health span for cognition you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ken3marcus [7 likes]: What is the study reference or mechanistic evidence regarding saturated fat and APOe4 ?
  2. @philw9120 [5 likes]: So the most ancient genotype APOE4 which developed when we were eating exclusively meat (which is 50% monounsaturated BTW) and we thrived enough on it to pass the gene on to 25% of today's population is somehow now bad for APOE4 types? Oh and keto is scary say's the trillion dollar statin industry, even though we are born in ketosis, our natural state. And somehow we can't get enough selenium if we don't eat carbohydrates. This guy surely got his nutritional education from a comic book, or the AMA which is comparable.
  3. @williamhenry3337 [2 likes]: I am a ApoE2 (E2/E3). I wish someone would talk about people with E2. There is almost no information on E2.
  4. @TheTibo13 [2 likes]: It would be much more interesting if someone who has these familial Alzheimer's genes (Psen1 etc.) can follow a ketogenic diet
  5. @zanetahulist [1 likes]: My genetics says that ketogenic diet give me inflammation 
I gave 2 copies 
What to do ;(
  6. @TheJaYSolo [1 likes]: To Dr. Patrick & Dr Agostino, I desperately request your input on this question. Can a person with APOE 3/3 have familial high triglycerides? I ask because everything I find about 3/3 shows that it's the most common and it's the genotype that has normal lipid metabolism. So does abnormally high triglycerides in patients with 3/3 not hereditary? Is this conclusive that it's not familial and by default must be lifestyle or other factors since apoe 3/3 is a genetic test? I really need this information for my own case and I hope any of you amazing Doctors gets this message and gives any input as it will help me tremendously!!! I literally BEG of you both
  7. @marybeavon6580: Why do people say that high saturated fat fermented cheese fights dementia when saturated fat sources are said to be foods to avoid?
  8. @rongqut7576: What is "high in fat and super restrictive" mean?  High in what fat? "Super restrictive" refer to what food? Meat? Or fibre? Or Carbs?

- Ketone effects on the brain: APOE-4, vascular dementia, ischemia and epilepsy: Kind: captions Language: en [Dom]: Well, so you're referring to the Henderson paper where they looked at... [Rhonda]: Both papers. [Dom]: ...Axona AC-1202? So the finding was in that study, which is relatively small, that at least not with the diet, but using a ketone supplement that was formulated with 20 grams of medium-chain triglycerides. So they gave to their patients, I think, just once a day. And they did show fairly convincingly that the elevation of beta-hydroxybutyrate correlated with an improvement in cognitive function, but that correlation was not observed in the ApoE4 positive group, which was a little bit...it was kind of surprising. I would like to see that study done using the ketogenic diet or maybe the ketogenic diet formulated with ketone supplementation. So, the question is...it did not have a negative effect, but the question is why didn't it have a positive effect? [Rhonda]: Was there not another study where they actually did the ketone supplement, beta-hydroxybutyrate? I thought there was, but I could be mistaken just from my lack understanding because that would shed some more light. [Dom]: Yeah, well, they used caprylic triglycerides, C8, which kind of makes a lot of ketones, relatively speaking. [Rhonda]: Unless the ApoE is changing the way you're making ketones, right? [Dom]: With fatty acids, yeah. [Rhonda]: But they measured, you said they measured beta-hydroxybutyrate in everyone and the levels were the same because it's like I want to understand why there was no positive benefit in ApoE4 carriers because that's the one thing that...it seems so promising, right, that these ketone, potentially ketone supplements or a ketogenic diet can help modulate Alzheimer's disease. [Dom]: Yeah, we...and I think you could do it in different ways. My student presented yesterday, she presented this week, but she graduated with her Ph.D. yesterday and her work showed that there's a remarkable increase in blood flow, and previous work has shown that ketone bodies can increase brain blood flow by 30% to 40%. So that's another, when you have vascular dementia, when you have a decreased, that being, staying in a state of nutritional ketogenesis... [Rhonda]: Or just brain injury in general. [Dom]: Yeah, it can have a profound effect. [Rhonda]: Did she understand any of the mechanisms or do you know? Can you talk about it? [Dom]: Yeah, we're looking at that. Well, we did ischemic wounds, which I mean, I guess you could kind of relate to an aged brain, right, with clogged arteries. We did a Doppler blood flow measurement and showed that it spiked up considerably when we can elevate ketones. One of the things, it was not dependent upon VEGF. So we looked at all the different factors, so VEGF was not increased in the wound. We looked at a couple of different other things that we thought would be increased. Well, the one thing that stood out in the data was adenosine. So adenosine levels are significantly elevated. Now adenosine is sort of thought to make us sleepy. You know, when we drink coffee, it's like an adenosine receptor antagonist. [Rhonda]: No way. [Dom]: There's high levels of ATP, sort of, being used and we think that they may be causing an elevation of adenosine, but we really have to delve into the metabolomics to understand why that's happening. Regardless, adenosine is a very powerful vasodilator, and it's in higher concentrations, significantly, in the blood and that may be increasing the profusion of tissues, peripheral tissues, and I think that was it. [Rhonda]: That's great. Did it have any effect on blood-brain barrier at all as you look at that? [Dom]: We haven't looked at that. My colleague has been, kind of, looking at that a little bit. We know with fasting and the ketogenic diet that you can increase permeability to the blood-brain barrier. Things get through faster. [Rhonda]: You mean ketosis through fasting or both, combining the two? [Dom]: Well, yeah, sort of, yeah, fasting-induced ketosis or even the ketogenic diet can help increase the permeability of the blood-brain barrier to a wide variety of things. So if you are, sort of, the implications from his perspective that if you're getting a chemotherapeutic drug, if you're getting some kind of drug that needs to cross the blood-brain barrier that's impaired in some way, you might be able to get that across faster in a state of fasting ketosis or the ketogenic diet. So maybe if you're fasting maybe there's just less stuff in your blood, there's competition of things getting through and your blood's sort of clear and you introduce the drug and you get more rapid transport because there's co-transporters and other things or things that might be in their diet that may be impeding transport, there's multiple independent lines of evidence to suggest that being in a state of ketosis can help better transport things across, but when we talk about permeabilizing the blood-brain barrier, that's like a bad thing, right, making it more permeable. In general, though, you get a knockdown of neural inflammation from the diet and from therapeutic ketosis, which is something the epilepsy world is very interested in. So there's a PET scan technique that allows us to look at neural inflammation in the brain and we know that...this is a conference that I recently came from, that maybe an excellent predictor of when someone's going to have a seizure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sabby123456789 [1 likes]: I am an ApoE4 carrier and a sterol hyperabsorber.

I will continue to eat saturated fat and cholesterol and then have my doctor give me whatever medications I need to lower my cholesterol.

This is because I do not enjoy eating olive oil, avocados, lean meat, fish, and vegetables.
  2. @sabby123456789 [1 likes]: Ketogenic diets are usually high in saturated fat, but for ApoE4 carriers, we must also be low on saturated fat and instead be on a ketogenic diet of monounsaturated fats and omega-3s.

But if I do not like eating avocados, olive oil, fish, and lean meat, what can I eat to prevent heart disease and Alzheimer's?
  3. @jakehayes1345 [1 likes]: huh... as an Apoe4 carrier not the news I was hoping for.
  4. @FoundMyFitnessClips: Watch the full episode:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ7pSXIWHrI
 
FoundMyFitness episode page:
https://www.foundmyfitness.com/episodes/dominic-dagostino
 
More clips from this guest:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrGxo-5Uw8gKoHER5oPn--l-wvde-2bxE
  5. @dustyfeller: Ketosis increased brain blood flow >30% (Doppler). Adenosine elevated; may be the cause of increased perfusion. BBB > permeability. transport appears to be more efficient while in ketosis.
  6. @timmothyburke: I have found that I go through periods where I’m so chilled out I think by GABA levels that I can’t even get any work done, it’s like I’m high
  7. @thunderrushmovie8834: I admit it...I'm just here for the chick!

- EPISODE 3: The Alzheimer's gene and ketogenic diets - with Dr Nicholas Norwitz: Kind: captions Language: en uh welcome to the vojo health podcast uh let me first introduce you so this is uh dr nicholas norwicz uh he obtained his phd at oxford university in just two years it's pretty impressive we'll get to that later and is now pursuing his medical doctor at harvard medical school so his research expertise is in ketosis and brain health and he's also a co-author of a mediterranean cookbook so you've got a lot going on and you're still pretty young this is amazing uh tell me tell us more about your your health journey and how you got into nutrition research in the first place yeah um well first of all thanks for having me so much um ellie i'm really looking forward to this conversation um with respect to my health journey and and food and food as medicine to be perfectly honest i used to think it was a little bit fluffy i know against that reputation how could food be medicine right and so it was something i took for granted until and i won't go into detail with my health saga not a woe is me podcast let's get into some science and nerd out a bit but um i was a pretty healthy kid um at least on the surface my entire youth never struggled with weight or any real severe illnesses throughout like my childhood in high school i was very athletic very lean um ate a pretty healthy standard american diet as in i was very aware of the food pyramid in my plate ate my five a day etc etc i really loved running in athletics but then things started to fall apart for me when i was at the very end of high school going into college when i developed a degenerative bone condition of unknown origins so i was running and my bones started to break down i ended up developing osteoporosis out of like nowhere which was quite weird for me and hard for me because i thought i'd be running for the rest of my life it was something that i just enjoyed and part of my everyday and nobody could really tell me why that was going on so that was a question mark and just as i was getting over it emotionally i was struck with stripe two which was um ulcerative colitis inflammatory bowel disease so crohn's and colitis are the two also collected the two main inflammatory bowel diseases and that if you can imagine it was even worse than the well i'm sure osteoporosis wasn't horrible day in and day out but the colitis was it really took away my social life and my enjoyment of food which was you know it's um when you love like uh when you're a foodie and then you go from being able to eat everything in the kitchen sink and i literally would eat anything i had no food aversions i was quite honestly one of those arrogant people and dismissed people who thought that like gluten-free was just like a fake thing more or less i mean i knew about um particularly gluten sensitivities but i wasn't that sensitive too and then i went to a place i mean i guess fate humbled me i really could eat very little and food became a terror socializing became really difficult just because you'd never know when a flare is going to strike and then things hit a climax when i finished up my undergraduate studies and went to oxford to do my phd because within a few weeks of moving there my my health took a serious downturn i had a terrible colitis flare dropped a ton of weight like 20 of my body weight in a few weeks and one night at 2am they had to rush me to an nhs hospital because of severe pain severe stomach pain but it was incidentally noted my heart rate was in the 20s which is kind of scary low so they put me as an inpatient actually in the palliative care war because they had nowhere else to put me for three days where again the etiology the cause really of my low heart rate as well as my colitis as well as my osteoporosis were just continued to be unknowns and at that point i was a little disillusioned um a little hopeless and a little desperate so i started to experiment with things not because i had any expectation that would work but just because i had no alternative so i just started trying x y and z diets and found eventually a nutrition program that worked really well for me and just changed my life like brought back my energy brought back my mental clarity made my colitis just disappear literally within a week i had not been able to keep it in remission with any meds and then within a particular when i did a particular dietary change my colitis symptoms went away and my inflammation dropped to its lowest level ever and i came off my meds and the inflammation just never came back and it really just you know gave me my life back i was at a point i guess i've gotten to that what was me point sorry in the podcast now that's a little meta but um i was at a point where i thought i kind of like i had a lot of potential i had the opportunity to get an oxford phd going to harvard to do my md i used to be an athlete and very active and happy and just energetic and i thought i was going to lose all of that to my health issues by playing around with metabolic health and food as medicine i recovered all of it and more because now i have a self-determined purpose to make i think food is medicine and metabolic health part of standard of care because i know how it would transform my life if it were pushed more as a primary care option and since you know having my experience i've met literally hundreds of other people who have had similar experiences and i see this motif over and over again where people struggle with a chronic health disease in conventional care with with drugs and procedures and then they try something like food as medicine or metabolic medicine and discover it really works for them and then sometimes become a little bit evangelical about it which is maybe why we get these diet wars and these like little diet cults um but i think a lot of the time this actually comes from a good place where at least a certain population has found that it really transformed their life and there's this frustrating concern because they know i know what it can do for other people so that's my my uh elevator pitch of myself and my story and why i'm interested in food as medicine which is not something i ever would have thought i would have said say five years ago yeah i mean there's so many interesting things to dive into there most of the time today i want to talk to you about a new paper that you've written which is about alzheimer's disease and genetics and precision nutrition on like things we can do with our diet and lifestyle to to work with alzheimer's disease especially in people with this increased risk how did you transition from your own interests from from your chronic illness from colitis to brain health well i had always been fascinated by the brain um i i wanted originally to do a neuroscience major when i was in undergrad and ended up doing uh transitioning to focus on cell biology but i was always reading like literally one summer i just read a neuroscience textbook for fun like i'm so fascinated by the brain i don't know how you can't be the the organ that makes us human beings like it's such a interesting black box i've always been fascinated by it since i was an adolescent and in compliment to that um a wise mentor once told me that empathy and medicine is not actually necessarily about going through what your patient went through or what somebody else goes through or just empathy as a person it's being able to extrapolate from your own suffering what somebody else might be feeling and you know i i've suffered a little bit and i try to use that to imagine what it might be like to suffer with other diseases and there's no disease scarier to me it causes more suffering for individuals or their family members than alzheimer's disease to me it's the scariest disease compounded by the fact that it's one of the leading causes of death now not only does it destroy quality of life but it's one of the leasing causes of death the only top cause of death of the top 10 that doesn't have any effective treatment or cure none whatsoever um and we don't really seem to be on track for doing that i don't know if you're aware of some of the controversy that's uh come out very recently about it's quite timely the the new alzheimer's drug there was a new alzheimer's drug approved despite the fact that most members of the fda advisory didn't want to approve it because there's really no evidence so there have been no we can get into that if you want but there have been no effective pharmaceutical interventions for alzheimer's disease really there's a little bit for symptomatic management but the drug failure rate is for symptomatic management 99.7 percent pharmaceutical companies are pulling out because it's just such a money sink and personally i think that the avenues were uh using to approach really well treating alzheimer's disease right now are doomed to fail which sounds pessimistic but i actually think it's optimistic because i think that there is more possibility than people realize for preventing it if we just take a different tact focused on full disease prevention up until that point then maybe we have more advanced crispr technology or stem cell therapies where you can actually cure it but i don't think alzheimer's is a disease you can cure per se i think it's a disease you need to prevent you can get into what i mean by that but it really stems from the fact that this is a disease that starts 20 30 years before symptoms develop so if you start developing symptoms and then try to address it the boulders are starting to roll down the hill already and you can't really push it back up yeah and i guess that's a bit of a problem right because yeah we talk about preventive health care um preventative nutrition uh but the problem is that people don't put effort in until they have a problem when they have a problem that's when they start looking for solutions and in my case i'm very interested in this because my dad died of dementia um and i have the genes associated with alzheimer's disease so i'm you know i'm 30. i'm not 30 yet i'm almost 30. i'm still in my 20s hanging on and you know i'm already doing all of these things to er that i can do to to prevent this disease because i know the effect that it can have on people and i do not want to go there so and i know my risk so you know i there are things that can stimulate people to make those changes but still most of the time we encounter the problem first and then we think how to solve it what do we do about that that's a very difficult question i don't think like how that i mean basically what you're saying is how do you motivate people to you know make sometimes difficult lifestyle changes because any lifestyle change it's difficult to prevent something that they they don't really understand the weight of nor do they think it will happen to them like everybody never thinks that oh i'm never going to get cancer i'm never going to get at all times i'm never going to get in a car crash until it happens um so it's like you know putting on your seatbelt we want to you know push people to do it preventatively and beyond just making a social norm like putting on a seat belt how do you do that well i think i think that's difficult i think one thing you can do is to find associated ways like indirect ways to sell people on interventions that will help prevent that disease so one thing we can talk about is overall metabolic health and metabolic syndrome which might be relevant to every day say weight loss or cognitive sharpness just feeling good throughout the day and the interventions that would help with metabolic health in general are going to help prevent alzheimer's disease so you can find proxies like that and then and this is a controversial one things like at least with alzheimer's disease genetic testing i think you alluded to um being at high risk for alzheimer's disease and i happen to know i'm at high risk too um i'm not sure if you're referring to the apple e4 allele but that's the most prominent genetic risk factor for alzheimer's disease that about a quarter of people 20 to 25 percent of people carry putting them at high risk and about two percent carry two copies which can increase your risk over ten fold on a population average now i do think you can prevent it but having that awareness is a huge motivating factor that said it's a big ethical conundrum because right now because of the ways studies are conducted because we don't really ever we don't i'll tell you we don't ever have true preventative alzheimer's trials we're never going to have data saying we know how to prevent alzheimer's disease so this allele remains quote like a non-actionable allele people say like you can't do anything about it so why test through why stress patients out well it's true we don't have long-term clinical data showing that you can do a dietary intervention to prevent alzheimer's disease but that's because imagine trying to do a randomized controlled trial it takes 30 years long with the specific dietary intervention it will never ever be done and so in my opinion what you need to do is you need to have a bottom-up approach think about the mechanisms what we can derive from understanding the biology and then make a best guess based on a combination of population data correlational data and mechanistic data to say this is what i want to do as an individual to help prevent this disease and quite honestly i don't know how you feel it seems like you're someone who's of a similar opinion but once you kind of get into nutrition science and you don't have to be like a nutrition nerd to have this perspective but once you get into it you you can start to appreciate how powerful focusing on metabolic health and food is for improving the way you feel and think and just are as a human being such that food isn't just a gustatory pleasure but an experimental one where you actually want to do these things like and become observant like you can't help it like when i eat this how do i feel and then you use that as data points to continually improve it becomes quite a fun game so i enjoy it it's not a chore for me ever i'm always doing like little self experiments and i think um that's a mindset that anybody can achieve and if you can achieve that then you're always just going to be improving your health which will help you prevent all chronic diseases which i think share certain core pathologies whether it be diabetes cardiovascular disease alzheimer's i think the interventions to prevent them are usually the same so whatever your fear just you know you can find common interventions i love how you talk about experimenting with food and nutrition and seeing how you feel and you know using the science yeah to determine what experiments you're gonna you're gonna make with yourself but then using how you feel as part of the data because as we all know we're all different and that's a big part of what vojo does so vojo we help people um eat in the best way for their bodies using your dna yes is like a starting point to figure out some of those things of what you could do which is better for you but then also listening to your body doing these things seeing how you feel is such a big part of it so i'm really glad that you said that i think people extrapolate their experiences to other people and say you have to do what i did and i understand that tendency um and i'm definitely susceptible to it i'd be a hypocrite if i said i wasn't um that said we are just so remarkably bio-individual so i like to say you know in the hierarchy of i have a little pyramid in my head of like research studies quality research studies i think epidemiology population-based studies kind of are at the bottom for using them to inform personal health uh changes and we can talk about that because i think that's often an error that's made in society we do have things like control randomized control trials which are pretty good but i think the best study of all better than a randomized control trial is your n equals one experience because even in those randomized control trials there's a standard deviation there's a little bit of noise based on individual variability and the only way to wash that all out is to try it in you you're a unique individual with unique genetics unique lifestyle factors and these community cultural factors and i mean we can get into it but the microbiome man that like it's it's so complicated in space and time and i literally mean in time over the course of a day how things change and among individuals so um yeah we're not at the point i'll tell you right now we're not at the point where we can really like just uh deduce based on your metabolic metrics and your microbiome what might be best for you really you just kind of need to play with things um plus none of these things are static they're always dynamic anyway so even if you've got a perfect picture at one point in time it's gonna be different like three hours later i'll tell you yeah i mean having as much information about yourself as possible is great but i agree the microbiome is the whole of the story circadian rhythm around the microbiome because i was noticing in myself and others how important food timing is to how we feel and there is some fascinating new and older literature on um on meal timing and how the microbiome fluctuates and even how like microbes in the gut migrate around over the course of the day um there's a ten-fold fluctuation in the endothelium lesion microbes so it's like there's um you know the microbes that are attached to the gut lining that are communicating maybe directly with your somatic cells your body cells and they kind of like ebb and flow in that niche over the course of the day as much as ten fold which is crazy and there's other data showing that like if you jet lag someone and then transplant their microbiome to mice this was thiass in 2014 that you can uh induce like obesity in the mice like they gained it was something like like a third more body weight despite no more caloric intake same caloric intake it was just timing a microbiome composition and we know that in humans like uh night shift work and frequent flying are associated with these metabolic dysfunctions and this is just like one little tip of an iceberg in a sea of icebergs and the complexity of the microbiome and the metabolome which is why i now think food is medicine is anything but fluffy it's like the hardest core science there is and there's so much to explore so tell us what is the difference between dementia and alzheimer's disease your paper was about alzheimer's disease specifically right yes so um they're often confused dementia refers to um an abnormally sharp decline in cognitive function um with aging so not part of normal aging but you you know develop serious cognitive impairment alzheimer's disease is the most common subset of dementia so alzheimer's disease is a type of dementia but there are other types of dementia like lewy body dementia which is what robin williams suffered from and is often associated with parkinson's disease there's frontal temporal dementia there's vascular dementia and the thing is a lot of these are not mutually exclusive they're actually overlapping we try to pin a particular disease say based on a certain pathology so when alzheimer's the core pathologies which people might have heard about her malaba can't often simple words are harder for me than scientific words i don't know why but alzheimer's disease is often associated with amyloid and tau pathology so amyloid plaques and tau neurofibular rectangles whereas in parkinson's related dementias like gluing bodies it's often alpha synuclein but if you actually look in the brain of people with these diseases they're often overlapping pathologies with vascular issues in alzheimer's disease or atlas nuclear and alzheimer's disease x y and z which makes these really hard because we like to put labels on things but it's not always quite so clear and there might be many different subtypes so many different causes of alzheimer's disease but basically speaking alzheimer's disease is a subset of dementia it's the most common cause of dementia and it's typified by having amyloid and tau pathologies in the brain those are the two hallmarks of alzheimer's disease which you can see upon post mortem um after death analyses and so if you have serious cognitive decline you're you know failing or scoring low on cognitive tests and then you have amyloid and town the brain then you have your diagnosis with alzheimer's okay what are amyloid and tau proteins give us a quick low down on what these yeah this can get very complicated but the basic amyloid cascade um the the one of the oldest hypotheses of alzheimer's disease is that there is this protein amyloid which is formed from amyloid precursor protein which is a transmembrane protein so you um in the your brain cells at the cell membrane you have this protein that sticks through it's called amyloid precursor protein and if it's processed in a particular way then you can get these little amyloid um amyloid fractions like amyloid beta 40 or 42 that are floating around and they can start to clump up and form oligomers little combinations that can be neurotoxic and eventually they can form plaques it's actually the oligomer stage that is thought to be somewhat neurotoxic and can lead to a cascade of events that precipitate tau pathology so tau is a protein associated with microtubules when tau becomes phosphorylated it dec it comes off of microtubules and that causes a destabilization of the skeleton of brain cells basically they start to break down but also these neurofibular tangles these phospho-town neurofibrillary tangles they start to clump up inside brain cells and choke the brain from the inside out now that kind of profile of alzheimer's disease does miss a lot of nuance people think about okay amyloid causes tau causes alzheimer's disease those are just markers of alzheimer's disease just like a cough is a marker of you having some sort of infection it doesn't actually tell you what the infection is or describe all the things that are going on underneath so in alzheimer's disease we're now starting to think about it a lot as a metabolic uh syndrome of sorts in the brain where you have insulin resistance in the brain so that's similar to type 2 diabetes you have lots of inflammation in the brain and changes in glucose metabolism mitochondrial dysfunction all these things are now also known to be core causes of alzheimer's disease and that's probably why it's so difficult to treat is because you really can't try to hit any one thing there isn't a clear domino chain of events where you can just intervene it's a really complex network an analogy and i forget who i should attribute this to but analogy i heard that that i think is quite good is that a brain with alzheimer's disease is like a brain with a hundred holes sorry a brain with alzheimer's disease like a ship with a hundred holes in the hall that is sinking what we try to do with say drugs when you're targeting a single protein or pathway is trying to plug one hole at a time even if you plug the biggest hole the ship's still going to be sinking the only way to fix it is first to not generate holes in the first place or plug up a bunch of holes at once all the holes really and that's really really difficult but all these things are interweaving so again when you improve metabolic health and you're improving insulin resistance and inflammation all these things trap together which is why focusing on on your metabolic health when you're young can really i think help to prevent all pathologies of alzheimer's disease it stops this vicious cycle of things like implement inflammation insulin resistance mitochondrial dysfunction which all feed off of each other it stops it from starting in the first place which is exactly what you want to do yeah we hear about now that dementia is uh diabetes type three right uh and we've been through the same process with diabetes like some years ago it's a disease that happens to people you know you take medication for it that's all you can do now we realize that it is something you can do like a disease you can do something about with your diet and lifestyle you can prevent it and you can do something about it when you have it and we're going through that journey with dementia and alzheimer's now like you said and yeah we have a lot of data that shows that dementia is associated with a poor diet um poor lifestyle smoking you know not exercising all of these things but there are as we said earlier there's a gene well there are genetics but particularly one gene this apoe4 allele which dramatically increases your risk so tell us more about that what effect what is this gene and what effect does it have so genes come in different flavors they're called alleles and there's a gene called apoe which codes for a lipoprotein called also apoe thankfully this time scientists didn't name the gene and the protein differently which they also do so it's quite clear and um there are three varieties of this gene three alleles coding for three variations of the protein so there's aphoe3 which is kind of the most common among among humans apoe2 which is protective against alzheimer's disease and apoe4 which increases your risk of alzheimer's disease now everybody has two copies of apoe so you can have any combination of two copies of applebee two three and four so if you have two two you're very protected against alzheimer's disease if you have four four you're at much higher risk for having alzheimer's disease so these things kind of interact now how does the apoe allele um the apoe4 protein variant increased risk for alzheimer's disease that is the literally what is it i guess 3.32 trillion dollar question based on how much it would cost to supply well supply all the people that are suffering with alzheimer's disease now for the new drug that was just approved if you're retreating from 10 years so it's anyway expensive question um we don't really understand apple e is i think one of the most interesting and complex lipo proteins that there are there are multiple or proteins that there are it's not just so in the in the periphery what lipoproteins do is they're associated with lipid carrying particles like you might have heard of ldl cholesterol that's apob 100 or hdl cholesterol that's some apple a's apoe is also in the periphery there's apoc various forms of apple c f o d x y and z um not x y and z but like more of them and but in the brain apoe is a very important lipoprotein for carrying around cholesterol and trafficking fats but it's also transcriptionally active it changes the way genes are expressed it modulates immune and inflammation status in the brain it changes brain metabolism how well you metabolize a fats versus carbs x y z we're still really early on in our understanding about how apoe affects brain metabolism um and obviously the brain is pretty hard to study in living humans which makes you know discovering the function of apple wheat protein really uh difficult but um yeah so i'd say it does a lot of things more than more than can be simply expressed yeah i mean nutrition research is already difficult as we already discussed and then also then studying uh a disease a chronic disease which you know starts later in life like how how do you study that's there's a very long term studies and then in the brain as well like there are a lot of barriers going on here uh as you've got i'm just going to say i joke but i'm sure a lot of people in the the nutrition space have heard about autophagy you want to activate autophagy to you know help clean things out um and being someone who who does conduct research and understands to some degree how you know what research studies can be conducted and can't i always hear this is like a pet peeve of mine um just a funny one about like autophagy you know fasting acting on uh activating autophagy in the brain and i believe it does but people it's become quite common at least among the intermittent fasting community or the low carb community to say you know you can activate autophagy in the brain within you know 12 to 16 hours of fasting i'm like where did those cutoffs come from because guess what to do that study to make that confirmation you'd need to take people the fast and for various various periods of time then chop their heads off and do staining for like um elsie uh 3-2 and stuff i'm like i don't think that study's been conducted i'd be really interested how the researchers got like participants and ethical approval but um anyway yeah studying the brain in humans is super hard so what we ended up having to do for practical reasons is extrapolate from mechanistic mouse models or in vitro studies and then you know we can do some tracer studies and and like you know pet and fmri imaging so those we can do but they can only give you so much insight um that said more technologies come out every day so who knows okay so you mentioned that about 25 to 40 percent of people have this e3 sorry e4 allele right 20 to 25 okay so that doesn't mean you're definitely going to get alzheimer's disease obviously uh what what are some examples of different populations that have this this this allele that show how you can change your lifestyle and diet to modify the outcome the key example that apoe is not causative of alzheimer's disease there are three genes that can actually cause early alzheimer's disease but they're quite rare um the key example with apoe4 is the nigerians so if you look in elderly and nigerians those with apoe4 are at no higher there no higher risk for developing alzheimer's disease and those with apoe3 you look at all the nigerians of that point three or four they get alzheimer's disease at the same rate um now one could argue that oh maybe the nigerian population has some sort of you know genetic linkage where there's another protective gene in them in particular but no if you look at comparative studies between western africans who live say in nigeria or western africa versus those of similar genetic descent who live in say indianapolis it turns out though those living in indianapolis get alzheimer's disease at twice the rate it's twice the prevalence which suggests that there's some sort of lifestyle factor intervening and then a another good case is people living a traditional mediterranean lifestyle so there's a study of looking at extreme longevity so people that live in the top one percent of the population which is 95 for men and 99 for women um and if you're living that long you probably didn't get alzheimer's disease because i think median survival after diagnosis is like something like three to six years so if you're living to be a hundred you're probably doing it without alzheimer's disease but they found that those with apple e4 southern italians with apple e4 were just as likely or even trending towards more likely to live to be into the top 1 if they were living in southern italy but if they were living in the united states they had a very like a much more much higher chance of dying before extreme old age so again suggesting lifestyle factors do play a role unfortunately that's basically all we can say all we can say is lifestyle factors play a role we don't know exactly what lifestyle factors they are and i think it's a stretch too far to say eating say a nigerian diet or eating a mediterranean diet is actually the thing contributing to the protective effect it might be a contributing factor but there are so many factors and i think we do science and ourselves a disservice from making an assumption about any given variable in that constellation from the epidemiological data so let me give you an example there are multimodal interventions that are used they say to prevent alzheimer's but it's not really preventing because all the people in the trials when they're recruited are over 65 years of age and most of them are already showing cognitive decline so the disease is already set in but in these trials what they often do and there's only one that sub stratifies by uh apple e4 i think it's called the finger trial is they have a multi-modal intervention where it's like we're gonna do stress reduction you can do exercise and you're gonna do you know some sort of social engagement and you're going to do this learning app and you're going to do this diet as well right and that's great i think for clinical interventions you want to throw the kitchen sink of lifestyle interventions at people i completely believe that that said it doesn't tell you anything about any one intervention so think about it this way think about it if it's like a point system and you got plus one point for exercise plus one point for stress reduction plus one point for better sleep then what if your diet was actually a bad diet and you did minus two points you'd still be in a net positive and the overall effect would be positive so it's not fair to then assume that diet is actually a good diet and since we don't have any long-term trials looking at you know just a dietary intervention from for preventing alzheimer's disease we kind of have to again like i said do a bottom-up approach and think mechanistically what makes sense for which people personalize it a little bit um and then look at metabolic and markers and say okay what can we track to maybe maybe prevent alzheimer's disease it's it's not a surefire thing but it's a hell of a lot better than the alternative of just shrugging and being like yeah i don't know what i can do so i'm just gonna eat cheeseburgers not sleep play video games and uh sit on my butt yeah i think most people if they know they are increased genetic risk they're going to want to do something even if they are there aren't these long term like randomized controlled trials or whatever that are pretty much impossible so what can we do based on the data we have on the mechanistic studies if you have this g well that's something i'm just gonna to to say up front i i describe it in a little bit more detail in the paper you alluded to precision nutrition for apple e4 and we do provide um just concrete tables for all the interventions you can do so we can step by those step by step but i think you know some things that we don't talk about particularly in this paper because it's focused on nutrition are things like sleep and exercise and stress reduction i think those three factors are huge they're not nutrition but they're huge um to you know move your body especially higher intensity exercise i would say at least twice per week and building up your lean muscle mass i think is quite important um so resistance training and weight training i think is quite good and then sleep you know there are some people that can get away with fewer than seven hours of sleep sleep they're called non-insomniacs and they're not that well studied but most people i would say at least seven hours um you know and practice good sleep hygiene sleep when a human being is supposed to sleep at night rather than being nocturnal and then um yeah stress reduction that is the one that i probably am worst at to be perfectly honest but it is important and anything you can do to reduce your stress be it yoga or exercise or to socializing is important and also we know that social engagement is actually very important so those are a bunch of factors aside from nutrition that are important now in terms of nutrition again it's very personal what i would say is i'm going to be political here i would focus on the endpoints of metabolic health what are you trying to achieve with your nutrition and how can you actually measure that as working because we're all very individual and i think the key things to look at are are you metabolically healthy by which i mean there are particular markers you can look at in the blood and we can go over these for whether or not your you know your metabolism is running well which is going to protect your brain and right now the scary thing and maybe one of the reasons alzheimer's rates are going through the roof because our genes aren't changing is our metabolic health is getting worse and worse and worse we're getting more obese right now i think it's 42.4 obesity in the united states um we're getting more diabetic right now it's one in ten by mid-century it's supposed to be something like one in three and i think already one and three are diabetic or pre-diabetic and 88 percent of people as of i think it was a 2019 study based on 2016 and haines data so it's probably worse now 88 of people are not metabolically healthy they have at least one marker of the metabolic syndrome so these are the markers that i was referring to you have the metabolic syndrome if you have any one of the three following three variables if you have a high waist circumference denoting a lot of visceral adiposity so there are different types of fat and it's the fat that's hidden inside your abdominal cavity that's the worst so the pear-shaped person less than the apple shaped person and there are such things as metabolically healthier these persons that's a tangent we can get into but visceral adiposity high fasting um glucose or insulin i actually like insulin better as a marker because i think you know what we can talk about but insulin levels will rise far before glucose levels shoot up and you're diagnosed with pre-diabetes or diabetes so high waist circumference high fasting glucose or insulin having high blood pressure or hypertension and then having low hdl cholesterol the quote good cholesterol that's a complicated topic and high triglycerides in the blood so high levels of fat in the blood which does not mean it's coming from dietary fat that's a something that's frequently misunderstood but having low hdl cholesterol and high triglycerides in the blood are also key lipid markers of poor metabolic health whereas something like ldl cholesterol is actually not a marker at all of a metabolic health with all of these markers if you're looking at these blood markers could it still be the case that your brain metabolism still might not be doing well but you wouldn't be able to see it in these markers it definitely is possible that said if you achieve optimal levels for all of these things chances are your brain is functioning pretty well for you i'll say it like that but another thing i'll add is that the the the reference ranges and the cutoffs clinically for some of these things are not what i would consider optimal so for example insulin and i want to clarify i'm not a medical doctor yet so take what i say with a grain of salt but i have consulted a lot of medical doctors and a lot of scientists and i have a scientist so take that as you will the reference range for insulin any as insulin is anything below 25 to 30 micro units per liter depending on what lab you go to is normal i would say you want your fasting insulin below most liberally eight maybe below five micro units per liter so it's very different than the clinical reference range and it's the same for say triglycerides triglycerides are quote normal if they're below 150 milligrams per deciliter i like to see levels below 100 even below 80. if i'm focusing on optimal metabolic health and then similar with things like visceral adiposity so the reference ranges for quote what is normal doesn't necessarily show you what is optimal but if you achieve relatively optimal you know in all of these categories i think that's step one it doesn't mean you're never gonna get alzheimer's disease but this is the way i put it for people who are at least happily four all right it's 88 of people now are metabolically unhealthy being apple e3 only or apple e2 you can get away with being in the 88 percent maybe you could still get alzheimer's disease but you can get away with being at the 88 percent if you have apple e4 you have very little wiggle room i would say you might not be able to get away as easily being in that 88 if you have two copies of apple before i'd say you really want to be in that 12 at least again that doesn't mean you're not going to get alzheimer's disease but i think now you stand a shot um and then you can focus on optimizing other things things that like you know getting enough um good fatty um dha for your brain which comes from like fatty fish which you can build up say over time and other interventions to kind of further optimize but i would say as a starting point um it's like adding a you know vitamin c tablet onto eating cheeseburgers if you're trying to do like supplements but you're just eating a pretty bad diet and your metabolic health's not in order so i think the base of the pyramid for alzheimer's prevention is getting those five markers as close to optimal as possible with with nutrition and exercise and sleep and stuff like that i speak to some people who say they don't want to know their their genotype uh their if whether they have apoe4 i find that a bit strange because like you said even though there are lots of things we don't know there are lots of unknowns but there are some things we do know and like you said if you do have one copy of this allele then you do need to be more careful and if you have both then you really have to think start thinking about your health a bit more do you think it's people are better off knowing or you know another thing you talked about with stress reduction do you think the added stress of knowing this is actually counterproductive and not one that i i think any individual can answer for any other individual just because you have to know yourself and how are you going to react to that kind of news if you're going to seek out that information i think some people would argue that look um it will scare me and i won't change my lifestyle so why no other people would argue okay i'm gonna change my lifestyle no matter what and having this information won't provide me further motivation whereas some people are in between and like no if there is this i want to know because not only do i want to have lifestyle interventions but i want to do lifestyle interventions to precisely target my genotype which is not an easy thing to do i mean thinking about how overwhelming trying to figure out okay what would fit my genotype based on the data we have like that's a that's a hard thing for a lay person to do in fact you know this paper that i recently wrote it was a paper that i always wanted to write i never had just time in my life and i'm i was at this point you know a scientist doing brain research to this wasn't my area of research to like go and research and write this paper so there was like a little break where i'm like now i want to sit and actually try to figure this out and write this paper which is something i always wanted to do but most people aren't you know so maybe my paper can be helpful to people now to guide them if you know they buy the mechanistic argument but um i think in general with precision nutrition there's just so much we we don't know and it's complicated to try to figure out what you actually should do i think something you and i agree with on i suspect ellie is like how saturated and confusing nutrition media is now you hear so many controversial things extra bad things are good meat is healthy meat is unhealthy xyz and you just don't know who to believe it becomes a huge he said she said you kind of have to be a proper scientist to be able to figure out who's feeding you what you perceive to be reality otherwise it's just to people who are posing as experts and if they both know more than you then how can you possibly know who to follow and it's just completely confusing so i think rightly so people want to turn away from that and stick their heads in the sand to some degree so it's unfortunate but it's where we are well turn away from it and also turn towards what they can find out about themselves like you're totally right there's a whole media problem of scientific communication and all of that stuff but then also even before that you've got methodological problems and studies you have even with alzheimer's research like there's a lot of problems already but there's so many studies that don't take into account the genotype let's do it very difficult that's you know and and it's it's complicated because all these genes are modified by other genes most traits are polygenic a lot of genes contribute so there are particular studies that can look at maybe you know does a gene contribute menelian randomization studies or um some g-wah studies um genome-wide association studies but i think you know you need to power your research towards doing that whereas if you're doing another sort of research then you're just like you're not going to put your resources towards doing a full genetic screen on each individual participant you have to power your your you know i wish and that research had unlimited money but no trial is ever going to be ideal so um i wouldn't criticize researchers for not doing genetic testing i think it's just it's beyond where we are and sometimes it's more misleading than you would than helpful talking about controversy you mention uh ketogenic diets quite a lot in in this paper of yours so yeah i mean uh tell us tell us a bit about that i was trying to know my audience here and beat around the bush earlier when i was talking about the intervention that really transformed my life so i'll reveal my bias it was a ketogenic diet and the fact that a ketogenic diet had such a strong impact on me and i think to save my life is gonna bias me towards um you know looking for research to support that life narrative i think it's fair to claim that bias i think we all have our biases and when we ignore them we can't compensate for them so i try to compensate for them and i try to consider myself a diagnostic but everybody listening should know that that is my backstory and that is the baggage i carry that said i do think ketogenic diets are very misunderstood and misrepresented in in the literature and i want to talk a little bit about about that first and then we can talk about the relevance to alzheimer's disease but um a ketogenic diet basically speaking is a diet that puts you in the metabolic state of ketosis which is where your liver is turning fat either from your diet or from your body fat into these molecules called ketone bodies which are great fuel for the brain other tissues and they're also potent signaling molecules they bind to receptors on cell surfaces they go inside cells and change gene expression they're post-translational modifiers they're really they are hormones especially beta-hydroxybutyrate the thing about a ketogenic diet though it's um it's a metabolic state it's not a diet like other diets so it's perpendicular to all other diets you want to be a vegan keto you can do it vegetarian keto you can do it carnivore keto you can do it mediterranean keto you can do it pescatarian keto you can do it whatever keto you can do it it's a metabolic state that's complementary and can intersect with almost every other diet you can imagine which is why i wrote the the book i wrote about mediterranean ketogenic diets to put that face on what a ketogenic ketogenic diet can be it can be you know salmon and avocado and olive oil and all that stuff and leafy greens and eat the rainbow whatever you whatever you want if that's what you want to make it well that's not what you have to make it um now as most people listening probably know a ketogenic diet is a low carb high fat diet and i think that's where people get hung up on the carbohydrate restriction because most standard guidelines would tell us to eat carbs as fuel and on the aspect of eating lots of fat which we think of as unhealthy and in fact we get pushed that message so much like like fat is bad even though there's a little bit of nuance to it i i people have a very visceral reaction an emotional reaction to eating fat eating high fat or the concept of eating high fat even beyond the you know intellectual um and conscious aspect and i can tell you personally that before i tried a ketogenic diet which again i said i tried because i was i felt desperate i actually understood well evolutionarily mechanistically this actually makes a lot of sense for human physiology to restrict carbohydrates and eat more fat to be healthier you just internalize the message of low fat after seeing so many special k and yo play ads your entire life and it's kind of hard to overcome until you actually give it a shot for yourself uh and you know experience the potential benefits so you know there are a lot of myths to bust first of all like does your body need carbohydrates no they're essential fatty acids they're essential proteins or amino acids there's no such thing as an essential carbohydrate you can go without any dietary carbohydrates i'm not saying you have to or that you shouldn't necessarily i'm saying you can because your body can make all the carbs it needs and then eating high fat doesn't do the things that it does in a mixed diet if you're carb restricted then the rules change because you're a fat burner so you might think okay what happens if you eat more fat fewer carbs including more saturated fat so if i ask you ellie i'm gonna trade the carbs in your diet for fat what do you think will happen to the triglycerides remember this marker of metabolic health that i said earlier in your blood do you think it'll go up or down if you eat more fat if you were carbs they'll go up you think they grew up let's i know you probably knew the answer to that one based on how i was leading you but um that's been shown even in randomized controlled crossover trials so there is one for example published in 2019 by hide it all people can look it up hyde where they took people with metabolic syndrome and they put them on iso caloric same calorie diets and they only swapped the carbs for fat including they were you know eating a like a healthy whole foods diet with like your five a day for the carbs they were trading for fat the high fat group was eating i think 45 grams of carbs versus a lot more in the the high carb group but they were eating 100 grams of saturated fat a day so two and a half times more saturated fat and i think three times more total fat ish than the um the low fat group and yet the fat in their blood went down significantly it was lower and the saturated fat in their blood was lower the reason is the fat in your blood derives mostly from carbohydrates so if you have carbohydrates and you spike your insulin that sends a signal to your liver to turn those carbs into fat specifically saturated fat palmitic acid and palmitoleg acid that get dumped into the bloodstream and that's mostly what you see whereas if you're in fat burning mode yes fat has to get trafficked around your body but then you burn it up and your fat cells they gobble up not your fat cells your your muscle cells more so than your fat cells they'll gobble up and burn that fat so the fat levels in your blood go down it's there's some really interesting counterintuitive things with metabolism i'll give you actually another example because this one blew my mind when i wrap that i'm gonna explain it and it's gonna be the kind of thing i'm gonna warn people they're gonna want to go back and listen to because it's just gonna be like wait so i i'm warning you what okay let's imagine that you're low carb all things being equal so you're already low carb right and eating a high fat diet what if you just pounds fat saturated fat like you're eating you're drinking like 1.6 liters of heavy cream a day eating 6 000 calories and just fat fat fat loss of saturated fat you would think the fat in your blood and your ldl cholesterol which we think okay saturated fat boosts ldl cholesterol levels that's actually known you'd think you'd go up turns out it goes down a fasting limit panel which is so weird why would it go down i can share with you a blog where a friend do not do this at home this is not healthy i'm not saying it's healthy by any means but it can show that acutely you know pounding fat and saturated fat if you're low carb can make triglycerides and ldl cholesterol and things like lp little a and and low and ldlp will all drop in your blood having to do with you know just the mechanisms of how these things are trafficked in the body in this case what ends up happening is uh the fact that's trafficked very fast to your fat cells where it gets stored because when you're eating a lot if you're eating say 6 000 calories a day even if it's low carb you're going to be spiking your insulin which is a hormone that causes fat cells to swell up and grow and so now you're supplying a lot of fat your fat cells are growing they're sucking up more fat from the blood to grow and they're sucking up cholesterol particles to help them grow structurally so what ends up happening is because the the fat can be deposited from your diet quite fast you have higher basal insulin levels stimulating more fat growth in the fasted state you just suck up more fat into the fat cells and you suck up more cholesterol particles so what you end up having is really low ldl cholesterol and really low fat in the blood again not a healthy thing to do but really counter-intuitive and another example i want to bring up just to make the point that it's really easy to mislead people with nutrition science by saying oh eating butter is going to increase your fat in the blood and therefore going to cause heart disease when if you actually look at the clinical trial data and like the high trial and you start to think about the mechanisms in the biology it turns out that's not what happens and it's it seems completely counterintuitive but you know people say you are what you eat and i say when i when was biology ever so simple and so those are the kind of complicating things that that lead to a misunderstanding of ketogenic diets which tend to lead to great improvements in these markers of metabolic health or even low carb diets so for example this high trial was not a ketogenic diet it was 20 calories from carbs which is not ketogenic and so it's it's depending on what your goals are i do think ketosis has advantages for certain conditions like inflammatory bowel disease or neurological disorders when they're active but um you know if you're interested in improving those five markers of metabolic health that i mentioned any form of therapeutic carbohydrate reduction which does not have to be keto it does stand a chance of significantly improving your metabolic health so the last thing i'll say on this because i've been rambling a little bit and then i'll give the floor back to you is um people should not say that carbohydrates cause disease carbohydrates is a macronutrient are not evil i am very pro keto i am pro low carb i do not believe carbohydrates cause metabolic disease sugar and refined carbohydrates probably do and saying carbohydrates don't cause is very different than saying carbohydrate reduction isn't a great tool for reversing metabolic disease and metabolic syndrome once it's there and the data seem to suggest that on the whole again i'm not telling you about any individual but on the whole carbohydrate reduction is the best thing for reversing metabolic syndrome you can read the high trial if you don't believe me and achieving being in that 12 percent which is why i think carbohydrate low carbohydrate diets are relevant for a lot of people is because we have 88 of people who are metabolically unhealthy if we didn't if 88 were metabolically healthy i think it would be a you know an intervention that maybe fewer people should consider but we are where we are yeah i have to say if if i didn't know my my apostate i probably eat more sugar than i do now i don't need any sugar now but you know i'd probably be more flexible yeah i think nigerians eat one quarter of the sugar of americans fyi we were talking about nigerians earlier so you know just part of the puzzle again i don't want to extrapolate it's correlational evidence but it's quite a big difference but yeah yeah what are we saying per year per person or something something absurd and it's more in children it's some certain amount of like i don't know what a pound is i don't know what pound is i'm sorry it's 454 grams crazy crazy amount of sugar added sugar so i'm not even talking about like sugar and bananas or something i'm talking about there's like added sugar to things it's it's quite absurd it's insane but it's hidden it's like people don't know where sugar is you just you don't assume that they put like you go to the grocery store and like sugar's in like 90 of things like even in your and it has different names you just don't like when you look at the ingredients it's like there's a million different names for sugar oh yeah it's hidden under so many different like oses and alls and syrups and they try to make it sound healthy like organic cane sugar guess what the molecule is still the same molecule it's just sugar brown rice syrup sugar in fact here's something i found like appalling ethically boost soothe nutrition i think it is it's like a nutritional supplement and you look at the nutrition label and i think this this is i've seen diabetics drinking this because i think it's supposed to be complete nutrition and it's only quote 15 grams of sugar which first of all is a lot 15 grams from i think it was cane sugar but then you look at nutrition label and it's a single drink it's 65 grams of carbs zero grams of fiber and 15 grams of sugar so my question is where are the other 50 grams of carbs coming from what are the 50 grams of net carbs coming from and i think the first ingredient after water is brown rice syrup which for whatever reason doesn't need to be classified on the label as sugar despite the fact that it's mostly maltose 65 to 85 maltose which has the highest glycemic index of any sugar even higher than glucose and yet it just goes into the ether as those 50 grams of non-sugar carbohydrates and people are just drinking high glycemic index sugar yeah it's it's mad everywhere and people people aren't aware not to any fault of their own in this serving sizes like serving sizes for cereal make me laugh i used to eat special cake oh man berry cereal when i was young because i you know i i thought it was like healthy you got the ads like oh strawberries and it's like a diet cereal and not that i was super into dieting but i'm like oh it's healthy i ate a box a day which was 11 servings it was just how much sugar was in that i don't even know i did a tally of a figure i ate when i was around 11 to 13. um like retrospectively and i ate over a kilogram of sugar over a thousand grams of sugar a day i would sit in bed at 9 00 pm at night after having dinner and eat a thing of i thought i was being healthy and my parents encouraged this um orange flavored craisins you know the dried cranberries there were four servings in that for a total of 138 grams of sugar right as i was going to bed as like an 11 year old how i was not morbidly obese i have no freaking clue but i used to have tons of sugar thinking it was healthy including sugar from like like beans they say beans are healthy so i would down cans of boston baked beans which are like in bean like sugar syrup just like whatever sauce and yeah sugar sugar is everywhere from you know deli meat to whatever like anything they put it in like if you get like pickled herring you're like oh i'm gonna eat fish pickle's herring go look look at the jar but you had sugar on it i bet you if you went to your deli meat i bet you it's not a lot of it but i bet you'll say dextrose there is so much sugar and it just ended at dead restaurants as well the dressing salad dressings it's everywhere yeah my favorites are the ones that sound healthy so coconut blossom sugar you know that's in a lot of healthy chocolate nowadays and yeah it's just sugar there's no difference yeah it's it's well there are so artificial sweeteners and non-nutrient distributors is a very interesting topic and i would say i just i do want to tangent that because i i assume it's something that's coming to people's mind if they don't want to give up sugar which i think is an experiment everybody should do because guess what once you give it up and the addiction is released and yes sugar can be addictive that's a whole other topic like you cannot believe the life freedom and also how much more you enjoy like now when i have like a couple blueberries or like one or two dried cherries i swear they are more pleasurable and sweeter to me than ice cream ever was and i used to be able to just like down 12-person ice creams at friendlies my dad go to meat into doing that once when i was 13. so i actually did that but um anyway you can't adapt have hope but with respect to non-nutritive sweeteners um what i'll say briefly is stay away from saccharin um aspartame sucralose like diet coke the ones that will get my potential seal of approval and i prefer to do none of them myself but if you're gonna do them i would say stevia monk fruit erythritol excuse me erythritol and aldulos are all probably the best ones with least likely impact on the microbiome and least likely impact on you know your metabolism and your insulin levels whereas things like saccharin have been shown to cause glucose intolerance by causing microbiome dysbiosis i think that was seagal an israeli group in like what 2015 in nature or something it's been shown i think relatively conclusively that some not all people but some people um in fact i think the majority in the study was four out of seven will respond with metabolic disruptions if they're having saccharin or probably also things aspartame and diet coke and stuff so it's up to you whether or not you want to gamble on it you couldn't make me drink a diet coke i would eat four sticks of butter beforehand would you rather drink a normal coke or a diet cake ah that's a hard one i know ideally neither but play the game and i know i i hate when people like you give people like a hypothetical i'm like neither i don't want to play i feel like i just ruined it all right i'm gonna go with for me diet coke reason being um if i come out of ketosis for too long i personally get a lot of inflammatory issues whereas i think if i was i'm generally otherwise metabolically healthy i'd probably just say coke and i'll just take a little bit of a glucose hit but my body can take that one shot but in my current state i'm going to say diet coke how long does it take you to get back into ketosis if you have sugar or a cup or more it depends on how much and how metabolically flexible you are really ketosis is determined by how much uh it has to do with like the glycogen stores in your liver so to speak um and so you how fast you can deplete them will determine how fast you can get back into ketosis so you know if i had no i don't do this necessarily because it doesn't make me feel so good but uh if i had 100 grams of carbs i could be back into ketosis probably the next day just because of how those carbs will be petitioned in my body because i could fast because i could do some sort of exercise i could do it most people i would say um it would take if you've never been in ketosis two to f uh or three ish days of not eating really carbohydrates eating below 20 grams of carbohydrates and keeping your protein moderate definitely below one gram per pound to start to get into ketosis which doesn't mean your body is adapted to using ketones and i think a key thing with ketogenic diets if you're going to try it you don't have to but if you're going to try it you need to give it at least six weeks minimum because your body needs to adapt the thing with most of us is because of our social structure and food environment the way we eat we've our bodies can't really burn fat that well we've down regulated those enzymes in those pathways and you need to re-teach your body to do that kind of like learning a foreign language and so it's like immersion at the beginning it's not about going into and out of low carb if you're going to try it if you wanted to try a ketogenic diet then i would say first of all find a community find support find a coach because anybody can do it i've literally coached like full-time chefs who are you know insulin resistant and obese i'm doing it they do great like anybody can do it if you have support and help you you know troubleshoot it so it can be done you can do it but also give it a serious period of time because it's one of those things where sometimes the grass is greener on the other side for some people they have to go through a little bit of adaptation um but to actually get into ketosis and see the levels in your blood yeah a few days um and if you're fasting if you're fasting would you get like four to five days of fasting i'm not saying do that but that's when you get to levels of like four five six millimoles it's actually very interesting um i'll just say because we were we were before we tangent to talking about the brain um the zen feeling you feel when you're in nutritional ketosis people the most frequent thing you'll hear is i went on a ketogenic diet for reason x often weight loss but i'm remaining on it because how ridiculously good my brain feels in fact the reason we're the best animals at going into ketosis is because our big brains kind of made that a necessity because ketones are such an amazing fuel for the brain and we wouldn't have really been able to survive long periods of carbohydrate deprivation if we weren't really good at making ketones um and and yeah and when you get into that state you just you're just like zen i don't it made me when once i discovered a ketogenic diet like ridiculously productive like you said i did my phd in two years while writing i wrote like i'm patting myself in the back now but just to be you know as a case point like what 13 first author papers a cookbook like while doing all these other things on the side it's just your mind is like on fire and you definitely don't get those like three o'clock on tired balls and also it's kind of funny if you bio-track these metrics like ketone bodies and glucose you get this very eerie sixth sense for where your numbers are so i now know when i wake up depending on how exactly my gut is feeling and also my mind i can tell you i think my ketones are around 1.5 millimole and i'll be right within 0.2 millimole without it where i had to check and i've done this again and again like i have that intrinsic feeling and i know people with pre-diabetes who use continuous glucose monitors who also get that feeling like they can ballpark right where these blood markers are showing you that they're relevant and one of the reasons i actually promote if people want to try it monitoring blood ketones or using a continuous glucose monitor even if you're not diabetic which has been a whole weird hot topic on twitter recently i don't know if you've been following that but it was like outrageous discussions about whether or not people without diabetes should have cgms so everybody knows my vote is yes for sure yes i mean what was the argument against that i people have the you know people can choose whether they want to measure their blood glucose or not my thing too again i'm not saying everybody has to have it i'm saying it should be available to people who want to use this tool to get give get insight on their health the arguments were having to do with the incentive structures of the the companies and also um people misusing the data i heard one physician say that like you know if it's going to teach you know my patient that they should not eat an apple and instead eat a lot of bacon because it's going gonna create a more stable blood glycemic response then you know it's damaging information and okay fine like that's a hyperbolic example and any technology can be misused but i don't think that's any good reason to sh like you know keep people away from this technology which and i you know i can't speak to this as an authority as a medical doctor because medical doctors were chiming in but i can speak to you as an authority as a patient who has suffered without diabetes with other medical conditions in which i've actually made use of cgm myself with my ibs mycolitis hasn't been an issue but i still have some ibs issues and i can tell you it is a very useful technology for everybody to see how you respond to different foods and there are trials showing like um and this is a trial i can share with you so you can put it in the links because there's a ted talk associated with it and it's fascinating it was also about the sagal group but where they showed we each have very individual responses to the same foods irrespective of carbohydrate load and glycemic index which let me reinforce that we tend to think oh something with a higher glycemic index is going to bump your blood sugar more but it turns out that our unique microbiomes cause us to respond to specific foods differently so for example in this trial like there were two participants who if if one ate a banana and a cookie the cookie spiked their blood sugar more maybe has to be expected but the other person who was reversed same food but the banana actually spiked to the blood sugar more which is fascinating and in fact they were able to use machine learning in this paper a machine learning algorithm so that they could take a new cohort of people new cohort apply the machine learning algorithm to microbiome samples generate personalized kind of diet plans which if you look in the talk they'll show you like this is the good diet this is the bad diet and no nutritionist or dietitian or scientist or doctor can accurately guess which is the good or bad and then you look at the continuous glucose monitor curves and they are like so remarkably different the good diet is so much better in fact the author of the paper the senior author aaron seagal jokes that i think his wife is a dietitian or a nutritionist and and like now she has some patience um or maybe this was in his book but she has some patience who she says okay you're probably better off eating ice cream than white rice and they have more ice cream and less white rice and they end up dropping a lot of weed it's just it's it's very weird and i'm very pro-cgm i have no problem saying that very publicly we're all so different and this is you know this is just the main reason why we should do figure out what's best for us like it doesn't matter it's completely irrelevant what works for someone else figure out what works for you i actually tried to get a continuous uh blood glucose monitor from from my doctor for free in the uk it didn't work yeah don't give it to me to find a doctor who's willing to work with you um yeah i mean they wouldn't even give one to my diabetic mum so you know they definitely weren't going to give one to me i mean i have a friend um with lotta type 1.5 diabetes or whatever a family friend and like i have dexcoms in my room and i'm like can i set you up with this i'm just like no i don't really want it which is fine like nobody needs to do anything but um yeah everybody's different i think that i think the key is nobody needs to have them but if you want them like this sort of technology gives if people are asking to take responsibility over their health how can you not give them the tools just to encourage that and then you know if there is misuse of that technology it's a learning opportunity you can explain yeah it's not necessarily a bad thing and it's a normal physiological response that a red pepper is going to spike your blood sugar more than you know 30 strips of bacon that's you know it doesn't mean that 30 strips of bacon are better than the red pepper and so let's have that discussion about what these responses mean what's normal and what's not it's like it's all about learning about your body and this is such a great tool to be a catalyst for that in my opinion i've had a rumor that the new apple watch may include a non-invasive continuous glucose monitor i also heard that verily google's um health uh uh medical arm center what is it health center i don't know uh uh sector is working on a contact lens that's a cgm we'll i think we'll be seeing more of these we're going to be seeing continuous ketone monitors probably coming out um i think it was elon musk that um guessed that within 10 years ish that we'd have like toilets that when we poop we just get an immediate microbiome analysis that's sent straight to our doctor what we're going to see in personalized bio tracking and continuous monitoring over the next 10 years is going to revolutionize how we think about healthcare that's that's what i predict um and i can't wait until i have like an implant that just tells me all my metabolic markers all the time because right now we're taking things at like single time points and everything oscillates so much be it whatever hormone or metabolite you want to think about it's like oscillating on a ultra radiant rhythm so multiple time points over the day circadian over the day like monthly and seasonal and yearly and over time and all these things compound and it's just you need the continuous data and we'll learn just then so much about how the whole body's metabolism is working right now we basically know nothing we're seeing like the first like two inches of the ocean which is kind of cool to think about this is why i love this metabolism stuff and why i think it's such a cool area to be delving into now is because now this technology is coming out now the they call them um uh longitudinal multi-omics studies are coming out where they take like your microbiome and your transcriptome and your proteome and your lipidum and everything um at multiple time points and like see after say exercise how are all these things working together and what is the choreography of your metabolism with different interventions and what does that tell us about how the human body works like what does it say when oh look you're insulin resistant and that actually flips the activity of these genes in response to exercise which was shown in one trial called the molecular choreography of acute exercise in 2020. it's just so cool i think when you start to dig into it we'll be learning a lot in the next 10 20 years i want to double back to uh to briefly talk about uh plant-based ketogenic diets so there's been you know there's a lot of people who say you can't be plant-based or vegan and ketogenic like that's just too restrictive what do you think about that i think doing a ketogenic diet you can do low-carb vegan low-carb um ketogenic vegan can be done it's quite hard because of the protein source it's hard to get enough protein um so you're probably gonna be on a pretty low protein diet if you're doing um keto vegan but i literally help people do keto vegan successfully not necessarily something i advise but if they want to do it they can plant based vegan mostly plants um so vegetarian vegan i'm sorry uh i'm vegetarian vegan vegetarian keto is very doable you're just especially if you're you're overlapped a vegetarian um but i mean like protein sources things like tofu and tempeh can be included it's willing to be a little bit flexible we can get into this with respect to the i really do feel fatty fish is something most people should eat if you're not going to eat fatty fish if you're a strict vegetarian or a vegan i would suggest maybe getting an algae oil supplement so the reason i push this is there these long chain omega-3 fatty acids epa and dha and dha in particular is really really important for brain health in fact sorry my computer is long enough to run and get a charger after i say this so i'm going to like take two seconds but dha is really important for brain health and you can't really get it from plant sources you can only get ala which is short chain and some people will tell you that it can be converted into epa and dha which is true but this happens only at very very very low levels it might be slightly higher in vegans there might be an up regulation of the enzyme that converts ala into epa dha but even so you're not going to get conversion levels above at tops nine percent so it's really hard to get enough epa and dha on a uh vegetarian or vegan diet but you can get epa and dha from algae oil which is vegan so if you're vegan i do suggest an algae oil supplement if you're not are you willing to eat fatty fish i am i am a fan of having fatty fish at least twice per week more for appley fours personally i eat fatty fish every single day and i will also tell people say that my um my mercury levels are normal that is something that is a concern for most people rightly so and so when you do eat fatty fish if you low trophic level fish small and fresh water fish are quite good avoid the tuna especially the big eye tuna and the swordfish you can even look up like mercury levels online there's tables of fish but like things like my three favorites wild alaskan sockeye salmon north atlantic mackerel and sardines are great for a lot of epa and dha and being very low in mercury i have those every single day and my mercury is normal you don't have to and there's actually chelate mercury but i i am a fan of fatty fish so i'm actually trialling a ketogenic diet since the last week and to be honest felt like complete rubbish last week has been awful i'm going to tell you i didn't think ketoku was a thing it's definitely a thing how many grams of sodium are you taking sodium my sodium intake is quite high magnesium i have to say yeah potassium so i i supplement magnesium and potassium i'm eating enough potassium rich foods most people don't get enough potassium you need like i mean best is like 4.7 grams which is like what 10 bananas or you know four and a half avocados um i find i do really well on um like uh pretty high potassium and pretty high magnesium like i'm probably getting 1.2 grams of magnesium a day and 4.55 grams of potassium also one thing with plant-based keto i will point out some people need to supplement with carnitine reason being is um your body can make carnitine uh and the thing that carnitine does is it it's part of the carnitine shuttle system that transports long-chain fatty acids into your mitochondria it'll be burned you mostly get carnitine from animal proteins and if you're on a low-carb diet and you're increasing your fat metabolism then you're going to need to be burning more fat and if you don't have enough carnitine you can have a carnitine deficiency if you're you're low carb and plant-based then that can sometimes be a bottleneck for people so sometimes a carnitine supplement will help that's just the thought you know i took um i took kind of team uh yesterday and today alongside some some extra supplements as well so cody and a few others and i do feel better i don't know if it's just a coincidence like the the hump of the metabolic changes over anyway but yeah agreed there are people who do need to supplement these if you are plant-based i mean again for these things i would give it an honest shot of six days sorry six weeks some people would say longer but and if you want to try it and honestly again it's about endpoints in fact i remember [Music] i i i put out a video story about about what happened to me on uh including a ketogenic diet and one i got a lot of super nice responses but one of the first responses i got was this woman from new zealand who was talking about her cancer and the fact that she went like um like completely vegan and she thought it was helping her and it was just the most wonderful thing to hear from someone who had a a wonderful health journey the thing i immediately said is like i'm so happy for you good for you whatever's working for you so i really do mean this when i say it's about the end points and i can't see inside you and what those metabolic markers are you have to be honest with yourself about you know what if if what you you're doing you think is you know optimal for you and if you think it is then you know and you track things and you improve then and great i think it's sometimes very hard without powerful motivation to make a huge shift and honestly i know i wouldn't have tried a ketogenic diet if i weren't ha had i weren't super desperate so i'd never pass judgment on others for for not wanting to to take it on i'm just i am at the same time a degree of evangelical about how much it can help people not necessarily like you you look like you know pretty lean and healthy but when i see someone really struggling with like trying to lose weight um or like a reverse diabetes or struggling with diabetes it's just like for those things in particular i do think it is probably the most powerful lever you can have to see someone that has been struggling with obesity their entire life be like i have no cravings and i'm dropping weight like nothing and i don't have to exercise and i feel great why didn't i discover this 40 years ago it changed my life and they're crying tears of joy or somebody with a mental illness because it's really big in that space now you know recover then uh you know it's just the most wonderful thing but you know you look young and healthy so you do you and then anybody do themselves that's actually one of the the main thing the first things i've noticed and the main symptom that i've had or the main effect is a complete reduction in appetite and you know like my weight is fine i'm perfectly happy with it but having said that uh i have struggled all my life with appetite like i have a big appetite and i have all the genes associated with eating more calories and you know not being sensitive to leptin and all of and when when that's the case you do it is about willpower but in the last week i've had the lowest appetite that i've ever had and that's yeah you know that was a massive shock for me i've never experienced it i know i well first of all we can have this discussion but i am one of those people who genuinely believes calorie counting for weight loss is probably like it's it's doomed to fail i do not think you can outrule yourself and we can remove about all the reasons why calories in and calories out is a broken model practically theoretically it makes sense laws of physics do apply energy must be conserved but practically over the long term it always will fail almost always i would say i would say 99 of time so when people fail it's not a failure you're of yourself what you need to do is address metabolism and low carb diets help do that in a crazy way and then one of the reasons i got interested in them in them metabolically is exactly what you described and also the fact that act when i started it the last thing i wanted to do is lose weight but i lost weight and i couldn't stop it i couldn't stop losing weight despite eating a crazy amount of calories and i actually got screening for like you know malabsorption and i wasn't mal absorbing and now i'm eating like i mean you can look at me and people watching the video i'm pretty small my body mass index is like what 20.5 or something and i'm 5'7 i'm eating around four thousand four and a half thousand calories a day if i go below three thousand two hundred i'll lose weight and i work out an hour a day no cardio my case might be a little bit more extreme but i used to do marathon running and have to eat like maybe 4 000 or less calories i do a lot less activity now but the rules you know you're how do i say this concisely i would say that energy balance calories and calories out is downstream of proper metabolic function if your metabolism is working properly your body and you're eating a real human diet not processed foods that are going to hijack your brain then what's going to happen is your body is going to auto regulate energy balance so you know if you eat too much your appetite's going to go down your energy expenditure is going to go up if you eat too little the reverse is going to happen you're going to get no piezogenic microbiome fingerprint your energy levels are going to go down your non-exercise activity thermogenesis is going to go down and you're going to get hungry and your metabolisms are gonna is gonna change to help promote fat storage that's why things like the biggest loser never have reunions because they always gain the weight back in fact they gained the weight back but while they're gaining the weight back their metabolism continues to be damaged they did a basal metabolic rate study on the biggest those are participants they found that after the trial i think that their basal metabolic rate had decreased like calories per day their basal metabolic rate and then six years later they had recovered 70 of the weight but their basal metabolic rate was then 700 calories below baseline like it just persisted and you can recover this but chronic caloric restriction it's it's it's doomed to fail in fact this is i i work as a metabolic health coach and the only time i'm working with people where i tell them to track calories literally the is when i suspect they're eating too few calories and inevitably i'm right and we have to bring their calories up and then they can lose weight so if somebody's not losing weight i'm like all right i want you to track calories for a little while they're usually eating between 1100 and 1300 calories and then we were able to titrate it up through increasing protein and fat depending on where they're at to something a little bit more appropriate and generally they have um first an increase in in lean body mass and then an improvement in body composition and a decrease in fat mass and overall they end up at a lower weight point than they were before despite exercising the same and despite eating more i just i i think calories and calories out is is it's it's a harmful model because it causes people to feel like they're failing and it leads to fat shaming because the only conclusion if eat less move more works is that you're not doing it right like that's the inevitable conclusion that people are going to come to which is why we need to focus on metabolic health because i think you know once you can get that in order things fall into place and then you see these life transformations of people that were never able to maintain their weight doing it without effort and i really mean that like the initial lifestyle intervention this switch takes effort but once you're there and you're auto regulated you actually can eat intuitively which is not an easy thing to do because if you're addicted to carbohydrates and sugars you just can't it's not eating intuitively to say i crave an oreo therefore i eat an oreo eating intuitively means actually being able to listen to the signals that your body wants for nutrients and if that's obscured by poor metabolic health and a hormonal rollercoaster of insulin spiking and dropping you just can't eat but to get to that point and to be healthy and to eat just like any animal does in nature where they maintain a healthy weight it's it's the most liberating thing this is incredibly inspiring like you know i speak to um there are some doctors now um who do promote nutrition and lifestyle medicine but i rarely speak to people especially people in in medicine who who talk about intuition who talk about listening to your body experimenting with yourself figuring out what works for you and you know paying attention yeah so it's really incredible to speak to you and hear you talk about diet and lifestyle like this yeah it's it's it's funny because it's almost a paradox of my personality i was talking with a friend um from oxford the other day who's an md phd over in mexico and we are the two biggest metabolic and biohacking nerds you can imagine like we were like would do biopsies on each other basically at oxford like we want to know everything like muscle metabolite whatever's going on get the cgm everything and we love all the data that said in being people who are super into data one thing you come to realize once you start to like you you try and you try and try to buy again and again and again is that this is so enormously complex we will never ever ever fully understand it and so the the best thing you can do in the end is is kind of listen like every day i'm reading something that just blows my mind about how metabolism works like bile acids we think about them as just oh they're secreted by your liver they help you digest fat guess what they go to the brain and they change hormonal like hunger signaling and like thyroid hormone function and insulin sensitivity and all these other things like i just they were digesting fat and everything is another purpose that you just don't know or couldn't know until i don't know the data comes out in 10 years and you can track every metabolite and try to make every correlation and sometimes they're great for inspiring insight and experimentation and hypotheses in yourself and for me they're motivating because they enthuse me but at the end of the day i found my friend finds and all i think you know extreme biohackers get to that point in their journey where they're like oh now i know how to listen to my body so it's about the journey to figuring out how to do that because that is the golden that is like the holy grail but it's it's it is a holy grail in that it's really really hard to find you can't just be like i'm gonna eat mindfully and then eat intuitively those things aren't the same eating intuitively is is a really difficult place to get to but if you can get there it's the best thing i totally agree i do think everybody can get there it's just a hard journey a long journey a fun journey i realize that i've taken up an hour and a half of your time over an hour and a half of your time so i presume you have things to be getting on with although this conversation could go on forever like i'm having so much fun yeah do you there are a lot of things i know that we we could have talked about that we we didn't get to talk about a lot of myths i want at the bus you could do tips here and there any final random things you want me to monologue on i you can tell that i like talking i do have things to get to but i i i'm i'm i'm addicted to learning and talking and information and interesting people that's my that's my idea and you're really good at communicating it as well so i i mean we've derailed massively from a lot of the questions that i wanted to ask but that's fantastic because it's like it's exactly popular popular that that's a that's a life goal i'll eventually talk to joe rogan i think he's a pretty interesting dude i definitely do not agree with a lot of his guests or some of the things he says but i think he's kind of funny and i love the fact that they tangent there's real people talking about like whatever neil degrasse tyson talking about his exercise routine like right like tell me like what it's listed like are you into this movie that movie are you gonna go watch loki tomorrow i'm a big mcu fan anyway um so well yeah as i said there's a lot more we could dive into maybe we need to do a part two all right well well thank you so much for having me and um yeah people can reach me at uh most accurate i'm not that active on social media but i'm on twitter at nicknorwitz where i sometimes post random health facts and uh are pretty responsive all right you have a youtube channel as well that you kept quiet oh i yeah i wasn't keeping it should we post the link to that as well the youtube channel is one of those things that if i have a free second of time which is becoming more and more scarce i just jump on if i've read an interesting paper like that by last is one i said and i'll just nerd out so if you liked my rants they didn't bore you to death and there might be some interesting things for you there periodically um it is not something that i am committed to but i do have a green screen which i couldn't use on this platform unfortunately so you just get the gross background of my basement wall and a microphone so now i might just get up throw some data up there and say oh look there's this new g-protein coupled receptor that doesn't need a ligand let's talk about it in thermogenesis for 10 minutes sounds like i'm going to be up all night watching your youtube channel it's a very niche thing um and i do it for my pleasure mostly but if anybody gets a kick out of it you know so be it yeah well i will post all the links to all the studies that we've discussed or that you've brought up as well um links to contact you as well thanks is there anything any last messages no it was a great conversation ellie thank you for having me and best to everybody on their personal health journey

  Top Comments:
  1. @OIOnaut: I wish you a heap of followers. Keep getting quality speakers. Good stuff deserves good levelling. This is a term that you do to get guest volume match yours. Love to you from a biohacking DJ.

- Ketosis and Alzheimer's: A Metabolic Neuroscience Journey With Dr. Stephen Cunnane: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Welcome back to Metabolic Mind, a nonprofit initiative of Baszucki Group where we're focusing on the intersection of metabolic health and mental health and metabolic therapies like ketogenic therapies for mental illness. I'm your host, Dr. Bret Scher. Today we're going to continue our discussion on metabolic therapies, ketogenic therapies for neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease. We're fortunate enough to be joined by Dr. Stephen Cunnane. Dr. Cunnane is a professor in the Department of Medicine at the University of Sherbrooke, and he's also the chair in Keto Therapeutics, which is a recently new position and very exciting, which we're going to hear him talk about. He's published over 350 articles in peer reviewed journals. He's been the author on five different books, and he's a researcher on in the Center of Aging. And Dr. Cunnane it's really interesting because he truly is a pioneer in this field and sort of stumbled upon it by accent. So we hear about his origin story, what got him interested in studying ketones, ketones in the brain, and then how that sort of transitioned to ketones, ketogenic therapy for neurodegenerative diseases. And since he's been there in the beginning, and he's still there now, he can give us sort of the perspective on how the field has changed, but in two different ways, how the research field has changed, and then maybe how the clinical field hasn't changed nearly as quickly and has been very slow to adopt and why that is what he thinks needs to change. Plus, we hear about some exciting new projects he's working on. So I think this is a really interesting exploration of Stephen and his journey through this and what it means sort of for the field of keto therapeutics. So I hope you enjoy this interview with Dr. Stephen Cunnane. Well, Dr. Cunnane, I'd love to start by hearing what got you interested in exploring ketones as a potential treatment for neurodegenerative diseases, because this is a huge field with lots of research going on, but when you look back over the past 10, 20 years, probably not so much about ketones. It's definitely sort of an alternative approach. So what got you interested in that alternative so-called approach? - Well, I guess there's two parts to the answer, Bret. One is serendipity, and the other was that I'd heard roughly at the same time that I made the serendipitous observation in a research project, which I'll come to in a sec. I heard about the ketogenic diet in the film. "First Do No Harm," which was sort of the first widely publicized way of seeing the treatment of epilepsy with the ketogenic diet, with Meryl Streep and so on. And I thought that was the craziest thing I'd ever heard about. 'Cause you know, like most people in the early '90s and perhaps many people today, I thought low fat was important and the high fat was going to sort of kill people and all the rest of it, pretty naive view. But that's where I was at. And to be honest, there weren't that many people working on, even on the ketogenic diet in epilepsy in the early '90s. The serendipitous observation that really made me pay more attention to the ketogenic diet in epilepsy was that we, by mistake, discovered that polyunsaturated fatty acids that are in our diet, like alpha linoleic acid and linoleic acid, are actually moderately ketogenic. And more interesting than that, during early development, at least in the animal model we were studying, they were quite important sources of carbon to help build the lipids in the brain, which completely blew me away. I was working on omega three fatty acids and the uptake of DHA into the brain. And here I was seeing one of the precursors of DHA that was being incorporated into cholesterol and saturated fatty acids in the brain at about 10 to 20 times the amount that was going into DHA, it seemed completely implausible. And then I learned that the ketones were underlying that process that they, the fatty acids are broken down by beta oxidation and some of the carbon is lost to carbon dioxide, but some is recaptured and used in lipid synthesis. And so, this got me interested in brain development and neurodegenerative diseases came along in my career at least 10 years later. But it was the early development thing that struck me. And some of the pioneers in the 1960s that were looking at ketones and early brain development have all been forgotten about now. But that's, in fact to me what was started this whole thing is that if ketones are important for early brain development, maybe that explains in part why they're beneficial for child in childhood epilepsy. And when I got the opportunity to move to Sherbrooke, 'cause at the time I was in Toronto, I had the opportunity to start doing brain imaging. And the PET imaging that we started here is was something they were quite prepared to try and make a ketone tracer. And to me that was really an important step forward to look inside this black box and see what was going on. We still didn't have Alzheimer's disease on the radar at the time, but as we, but there was no opportunity to study ketones in early development for me. And since I was affiliated with the Research Center on Aging, I said, "Well, if they're important for brain development, perhaps they're important for the brain function as we age, and maybe there's something we can learn about the way the brain is using these two fuels, that would be relevant to healthy brain aging." And it's turned out to be very interesting, but at the beginning, we had no idea where this was going to take us. - Yeah, really interesting. That started with that, just the scientific curiosity of ketones in the brains and the interaction and I like that you mentioned imaging though, because like you said, the brain's a black box. How do we know what fuel the brain is using? How can we tell if it's using glucose or ketones? So you had to sort of help develop this technology to differentiate that. So give us, you know the one minute layman's version of how can you tell what the brain cells, the neurons are using for fuel to create energy? - So imaging, PET imaging, specifically positron emission tomography. You can follow different isotopes, different molecules as they're being used by the brain. What you get is an image of the activity of the utilization of those molecules in different parts of the brain. And what we've known since the 1980s, since the dawn of PET imaging in human studies is that glucose is the main fuel that was known already. But you can see the pattern and you can see that the gray matter is using twice as much glucose as the white matter, for instance. But the white matter is not inert. It's not just an insulated wire. It's actually actively metabolizing, making myelin, making the insulation for the nerves. And there's an active processes involved there. Now we also know that ketones are used by the brain. We've known that since the '60s with George Cahill, And that during starvation, ketones become a dominant fuel. But little was known about the process in relation to aging. And the big surprise for us was that we knew that there was this problem when getting glucose into the parietal cortex in Alzheimer's disease, that had been known since the eighties as well. Even on the crudest PET images that were available 40 years ago, you can still see that that area of the brain is simply not metabolizing glucose very well. And the interpretation always was that those cells are dying or have died and hence they don't, they're not going to use much fuel of course, 'cause a dying cell doesn't have any energy requirements. So it was interpreted as a consequence of the disease. And we said, well, two points. One is that problem seems to be present, the metabolic problem seems to be present before people are clinically diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. So maybe it's not just a consequence, but there are two fuels anyway. And under the right circumstances the brain is quite happy to use ketones. And lo and behold, when you look at the image for FDG and for ketones, you don't see any deficit in ketone utilization in the parietal cortex at all. Observation that was novel at the time, it's confirmed by four different techniques now in labs around the world. So I'm quite confident a very robust observation. - Yeah, so just a quick summary. So FDG meaning the glucose uptake. So in these cells, glucose uptake goes down, but ketone uptake does not, they can still use ketones for fuel, therefore they're not dead cells like you were saying. 'Cause they're still using energy, they're just using ketones. - They probably will be in the course of the next couple of years to come if they're starving. And if you give them the right fuel, they can use it. So the question then is how do you preserve them, keep them alive and keep their communications alive so that they can keep the brain function alive, the memory and the executive function and language and these cognitive parameters that decline in Alzheimer's disease. And so, but that PET imaging gives you a window on that process and it shows you where the problem is. If you've just had a stroke, it's probably going to show you that that area of the brain has got anatomically is different, but also has a problem with the glucose uptake. But it also, if you do it correctly, can show you the magnitude of the problem. How much glucose is missing? Is it 2% of what the brain would normally want to see, or is it more like 25%, which is the case in Alzheimer's disease. It's a huge number. It's like trying to run an eight cylinder car on five cylinders or six cylinders. I mean, that's old technology when you think of today about being ecologically more responsible with electric cars and so on. But it's a, the analogy is that in fact the brain is a hybrid car and what we're getting it to do is to run on the electricity and the battery and the electrical motor and bypass problems with the gasoline engine, which is what's happening with the glucose. - Yeah, you know, it's so interesting that the terminology is frequently that ketones are an alternative fuel for the brain. And I always thought that that's so interesting that it's alternative, right? It's only alternative basically because we've made it alternative through our lifestyle. But when you see the way ketones are used, would you say it's a primary fuel or a preferred fuel or it runs better? Like can you use, I don't know, I want to say sort of like judgmental terms like that to say that the brain is meant to run on ketones more than glucose, perhaps. - Well, in the infant, there's not enough glucose getting to the brain to meet the infant's brain energy requirements when it's born. So they're an essential fuel for about 25%. Ketones are supplying about 25% of the energy requirements of the newborn infant. So they're essential for that purpose. - Essential meaning you cannot survive without it. - That's right. - Yeah. - And the fact that we're born with fat babies, our species, if they're born at term, if they're born normal and healthy, they've got fat, they've got five to 600 grams of fat, and that is helping to generate the ketones to meet their brain's energy requirements. So it's essential, now it's still not the main fuel in the neonate. And if that baby's being breastfed, then that's sort of the ideal situation. So now we progress towards adolescents and adulthood and we're on a typical western diet, whatever that means. And obviously it's predominantly carb and the ketone contribution goes down to around three to 5%. The only way you can get it back up is to really suppress carbohydrate intake. And when, if you're on a ketogenic diet, which is, as you know, well it's probably under 5% carbohydrates in the diet, ketones will be supplying on the order of 40 plus percent of the brain's energy requirements. Still not the majority. But what's very interesting is that when you are on a ketogenic diet and you have no problem with brain glucose or ketone utilization, such as in a young healthy adult, for instance, glucose uptake will be suppressed when the ketones are available. So when you provide ketones, they are in fact the preferred fuel. It's a term that I know rubs some people the wrong way. But I think it's the correct term that ketones, when they're available and both fuels are available, and there's no limit to utilizing both of them, ketones will go in and will suppress utilization of glucose. And that's been shown by two different techniques, totally different techniques as well. So I think that's a robust observation. But for the majority of people, unless you're on a very strict ketogenic diet, glucose will still be the main fuel. And I think that's normal and that's okay. But underlying your question is, are ketones doing something that glucose cannot do? Are they complimenting in some important way? And that's something we still don't know. But when you're born, they are actually the main fuel to make not the main fuel, but the main substrate to make brain lipids. Cholesterol is quite an important component of the brain. Saturated fats are very important in the brain to make the myelin, but also in the gray matter. And so they are the dominant source of carbon when you're born to make the brain lipids. - Yeah, so interesting to think about how it is from birth throughout and then changes throughout life, but then again, at in diseases of aging like Alzheimer's disease, neurocognitive diseases, that it becomes important again. And so, let's fast forward then to when your research turned towards Alzheimer's disease, where so much of the focus has been on the amyloid plaques and the neurofibrillary tangles and like, that's been the predominant focus for decades and decades and decades. And here you come and say, well, let's, why don't we start looking at energy utilization and change energy utilization? I mean, there was, what did that seem just completely revolutionary at the time and completely crazy to some neurologists and researchers at the time? - Well, we've always had trouble convincing the neurologist that it was relevant because they're all looking for sort of the magic bullet treatment to these sorts of disorders. And the amyloid seemed to be the obvious choice. I mean, it is present, it's present, not in all people with Alzheimer's disease as you may know. So it's not a guarantee that having high amyloid may in fact be associated with Alzheimer's, but it may not. And you can have Alzheimer's disease clinically without a large amyloid load. But so yes, it's always been sort of the orphan approach to Alzheimer's therapeutics. But we came to it honestly in the sense that we were never intending to treat Alzheimer's disease. We were simply looking at the metabolic state of the brain in a healthy, older person. In fact, we spent a lot of time trying to define what is a healthy, older, how do we define a healthy aging anyway, and what is the energy state of the brain in that the person that we've defined as cognitive, as healthy. And we ended up defining it based on cognitive norms for normal cognitive performance at certain ages. And we always found that there was a five, around five to 7% lower glucose uptake in the brain, in even in the healthiest elderly people that we could identify. And we said, well, what's happening in mild cognitive impairment, which is the early stage of Alzheimer's disease and Alzheimer's disease, and there's a gradual progression towards a lowering of glucose uptake with a steady uptake of ketones. So we kind of said, wow, that's interesting. If the cells are not dead and they're able to metabolize ketones, maybe this can help support brain function. So what are we going to give people to supply them with more ketones? This is around 2012 or so. I knew about the ketogenic diet, of course at this point, and I was doubtful the ethics committee was going to let me put 75 year olds on a ketogenic diet for six months. And even if they were going to permit me to do it, I knew enough about Alzheimer's disease at that point to realize that they're fragile population, and it's maybe capricious sounds like a little, maybe not fair, but they're likely to change their mind and they might say, oh yeah, "I'm willing to do this project," but a week later they might change their mind. So we need something that's more likely to take over an extended period of time. And we ended up settling on MCT medium chain triglyceride as a supplement, knowing that once you give the dose, you're going to get a rise in blood levels and it's going to go down and if you get another dose later on, it'll rise and go down. So it's kind of, you're making a compromise either way. They're on a ketogenic diet for two weeks, it's not enough to learn anything about their cognitive function really, if they're on MCT for six months, that's long enough, but you might not have high enough ketones to change anything in their lives. So that's the gamble we took and we came out ahead in the sense that in looking at mild we actually showed you could improve cognitive performance in all the five cognitive domains in the very early stage where there's only a mild deficit to start with. - Yeah, so this was fascinating. It was a six month randomized controlled trial that you did with the MCT supplement versus a placebo supplement. And as you mentioned, there was improved cognitive function for memory, executive function, language. And one important thing when you're dealing with trials is what is the magnitude of improvement? Was it just a tiny improvement, was a clinically relevant improvement? So how would you summarize the degree of improvement that the people on the MCT supplements saw in six months? - So the main improvement that we saw in terms of magnitude was in language and it was borderline clinically relevant. So the other changes were also statistically important. They're considered to have a decent effect size, a moderate effect size, which is sort of a proxy for clinical utility. But remember in mild cognitive impairment, they're fully autonomous in their daily lives. They're able to get around, to drive, remember their pin number for their bank account and so on. So they're only starting with a very small deficit that you can define on these objective tests. So you're not expecting a dramatic change in their lives that you can see when they walk into the research center, which you do see occasionally with the ketogenic diet. As a colleague of mine, Russell Swerdlow in Kansas City has said, "I could tell in a couple of my patients who were on the ketogenic diet when they crossed the parking lot to come into the research center, I could tell how much better they were doing." So that jumps out at you because the ketone levels are a lot higher on a ketogenic diet than they will be on a ketogenic supplement. So again, it's often a practical question and you'd like to get ketones up to a certain number, but what's the way to do it and what's the chances of sustaining someone on that treatment for an extended period of time? What's your placebo going to be? And work with the ketogenic diet, but also with the ketogenic supplements, faces, this sort of scrutiny that okay, you've seen an effect. What was the control group on? And, you know, for the ketogenic diet, that's a tough call to set up a controlled study. We were able to use a control group with the MCT. So, it's a question of progressing towards solving these sort of practical issues that make it credible in the end. And so far it's been promising. - Yeah, and other researchers in this space, we recently interviewed Dr. Matthew Phillips, who also did a study on ketogenic intervention for Alzheimer's disease and showed improvement. So it's clear the needle is moving that direction, which I think for you must be fascinating to think about when you started in this field, how nascent it really was. And now to the point where there are a number of different intervention studies that keep getting, I guess you could say better or keep adding to the literature and hopefully progressing and now to the point where there's even a chair in keto therapeutics, which is what you are in your new position, like, so would you ever have dreamed that it would've progressed this much and this quickly? I mean, you know, some people could say it's been slow, but by research standard, I would say it's been fairly quickly. So I don't know, would you ever have dreamed it would've happened? - Oh, you feel both ways about it. You watch the time go by and the years go by and you say, "No one seems to be doing this any faster than we are in terms of getting clinical results published that are randomized controlled trials." So in that sense, I feel good, but in the end, you know you spent 30 years working on this and you'd like to see it go faster and to be more accepted because there's, I think there's a certain resistance, if I could use that word in the medical establishment. By and large, the expectation is that drugs will be the solution to many of these diseases, whether it's diabetes, hypertension, mental health, in fact, and they're the mainstay, for better or for worse, they're there and they're in your face. And so the idea for a neurologist to see or a psychiatrist or a geriatrician to see the disease through the lens of a metabolic problem and to reconfigure the way they think about the disease, I think that's probably the main challenge ahead now is to get an acceptance that there is a metabolic foundation to many of these disorders and there's a metabolic solution. And it doesn't necessarily involve drugs and their side effects. But if you come back to the original disease that was treated with the ketogenic diet, that was epilepsy and every generation new generation of epileptic drug that was developed kind of set back the ketogenic treatments by another decade or so. And, but the side effects were often worse than the benefits. And yet there's so many people were frustrated. I mean, the Baszucki family has went through a period of immense frustration when they realized that there was a different approach to their son's mental health issue. It's exactly the same story with in epilepsy with Jim Abrams back in the '90s when, which got him to produce the film "First Do No Harm." Why is there a cultural resistance or a cultural obstacle in the medical establishment? And that's something that we have to learn to deal with and try to solve. - Yeah, it's very well said. And if you, I mean, you can imagine the two different graphs, one of the progression of research in these fields, and one is the adoption in clinical practice and with epilepsy, the research took off and there are dozens of randomized controlled trials and Cochrane reviews on ketogenic therapy for epilepsy. But the clinical uptake was so slow compared to the research. And I think we're probably seeing something similar with ketogenic therapy for neurodegenerative diseases that we see more pockets of people doing research, but the clinical adoption is still very low because of this drug centric approach that you mentioned, so. - Well, I think Ancel Keys' casts a long shadow over the ketogenic therapies in the sense that fat is the enemy and if there's more fat in your diet, we're still, as a worldwide, we're still very much affected by that dogma that fat is the enemy. And so that's something that we have to reconfigure and our older population in the Alzheimer's study, I mean, they were really concerned that MCT is a saturated fat, that's going to be bad for me, I'm going to gain weight. So I said, well, these are the results and the result is that you don't gain weight. And so it's one study at a time gradually, but we have, society has seen fat as the enemy for the past 50, 60 years and it's not going to change overnight. - Yeah, yeah. I want to go back to something you said where you said you doubted that the IRB and the ethics committee would allow you to put 75 year olds on a ketogenic diet, implying that they would assume it is a dangerous diet and they should not go on it, which is of course, backwards thinking. Do you think that's changed? Do you think if you went to an IRB tomorrow that they'd be much more accepting of it? - Yes, I think it has changed. It's changed because of results of people, the people like Virta Health and the acceptance now that type two diabetes can be treated and can even be put into remission. And the openness, I think that the American Dietetic And Diabetic Associations have to, a lower carb intake is coming. So I don't know whether the cardiologists have turned the page on on that yet. That's something you might know better, but I don't think the neurologists have yet. So there's still a fairly strict view of treatment options and you know, to be fair, if I was a neurologist, I would have a list of options that I'd be allowed to use that my association has approved and the ketogenic diet is nowhere on that list. So what risk is that person taking to be ostracized or to even be disciplined for introducing a treatment that is not accepted? If it's not accepted, it's probably because it doesn't work. I mean that's the logic. And so we need to change that. And it's still going to take time. - Yeah and of course, if the alternative is just to let them continue to eat their standard American, standard industrialized diet, nobody thinks twice about that, right? But to put 'em on a ketogenic diet would be potentially risky or dangerous from a medical perspective, which doesn't quite fit, does it? That framework. - No and the evidence is there that it is acceptable because often they said, well, it might be effective the ketogenic diet, but people won't tolerate it. And even if they tolerate it, it's too expensive or it's limiting in its vitamins and there's always this search for some other reason to not try it when, when in fact those reasons aren't valid. But we have this sort of internal psychological resistance that it's pretty hard to overcome. And when you, I mean, when you hear these personal stories of how much people have improved with ketosis that all of a sudden it becomes the most sustainable and easiest thing to comply with because of the benefits you're seeing, you don't want to see disappear. So so many people would do anything they can to stick with it, with that type of benefit. And yeah, it's, anybody who says that clearly hasn't tried it or doesn't know enough about it to realize that it can be incredibly sustainable and easy for many people, but our society is not one that promotes it and our society is one that makes it more challenging. So I guess, it's understandable some of these hurdles. So you have to figure out how do you change things from a research perspective so that we can get some infiltration into the clinical perspective. So when you think about that and you think about connecting the dots, where do you think research has to go to make it more clinically acceptable? - Oh, we need more robust results. I mean, my RCT had 40 people per group that's borderline significant in terms of the sample size, but most neurologists will say, "Well, you know it's going to take you 300 people per group normally to to be convincing." Of course we didn't have access to $5 million to do it with 300 people. But more robust studies are needed. Placebo is an absolutely essential part of this process, whether you're working with a supplement, it's basically impossible to do with it with a ketogenic diet. So I don't know whether we'll ever have the robust results with a ketogenic diet in older, in neurodegenerative disorders. I think the thing that that sort of resets the table a little bit is the internet and the families and patients are able to access the information and judge it for themselves and either push their doctors to agree or to say that I'm going to do it despite your misgivings sort of thing. But there are companies making money off ketogenic products, a lot of money, in some cases. And I think there's a question of social responsibility to produce a placebo so the research can go forward to engage some percentage of their profits in research that can be independently vetted by some sort of scientific advisory board. And to make this treatment more credible. Because at the moment it looks like the wild west out there and it's only feeding the concern that some clinicians will have that this is simply profiteering and there's nothing really scientifically valid underneath this. And so, I think the companies are going to kind of burn, they're burning the candle at both ends, and at some point they're missing the opportunity to be more responsible and to have longer term view of the profits they could make because it has a more, it's a more credible treatment for serious chronic diseases. - Yeah, that's a great point. I mean, as we know from medicine that anytime industry and profits get intertwined with medicine, it becomes quite complicated. And you never know what to trust and what to believe when profits get in the way, which is one thing that's so great about a diet when we're talking about food, if we're not talking about products and we're just talking about eating a certain way, nobody is going to have a patent on that. And the focus is more on helping people improve then really helping the bottom line. So hopefully that that purity can help people understand these results better than industry sponsored results. But maybe that's naive, I don't know. - It's a challenging process. I mean if you need to stop, not need to, anyone who smokes needs to stop smoking, but smoking is not something you need to do except because of the addiction. It's not, you don't need it for, it's not life giving, it's life sapping, alcohol is not something you need, but food is something you need. So people will have to make choices and they may prefer at some point to have eaten more sugar in their diets or more dessert or more pop or whatever it is. And they have to learn to consume less but, and consume differently. And that's a psychological and an appetite adaptation that is slow in an older population. It's not easy to get that commitment, that motivation. How does a 75 year old in a residence where everyone's getting dessert twice a day, decide not to eat dessert, for instance. As a starting in to reduce their carb intake without changing whether they eat corn flakes without changing, whether they eat rice or potatoes, just trying to reduce their desserts, for instance. It's a challenging process. I'm doing it in a residence right now. We started with a 10 day project and we got some very encouraging results and we're going on to a two month project now, but there's a lot of resistance. Like I don't want to have to eat, you know, this is, I'm finally at a stage in my life where people are taking care of me. I can afford to be in this nice residence. Why would I change what I'm going to eat? Well, you're taking medication for diabetes, wouldn't you like to stop that? Some do, some don't. I'm sure people with mental health issues, it's the same problem. How do you motivate them to make that change when perhaps the only pleasure they're getting out of the day is the bag of chips or two donuts or whatever it is. So there's quite a challenge, and I'm by no means I'm not a behavioral psychologist, so I'm not sure the best way to approach these issues, but one approach is with the ketogenic supplements, which allows people to eat what they're eating. Ideally they would change towards a lower carb, but they can still get the ketones because the ketone production from medium chain triglyceride or from a ketone salt for that matter, is independent of insulin. Whereas if you're depending on the body to make the ketones without the supplement, you have to get insulin down. So you have to get that motivation level to reduce your carbs and so on. So there are different strategies and they're not mutually exclusive, they can be combined. And that's what we're starting in the trial, in the residents this fall is a combination of MCT plus a 50% reduction in carb intake. - Oh, that's wonderful. I think we need programs like that, especially in a controlled setting like that, like in a residence, that can really control what people are eating and really see the impact. Because like you said, when you're getting dessert twice a day and every meal is high carb and that's just the way it is, you don't question it. And so it takes someone like you to come along and question it and change it. And you mentioned that you're not a behavioral psychologist, but you brought up some very important issues, which you clearly understand that if you're, if all you're doing is taking, taking, taking, it feels like deprivation. But if you can substitute, if you can take away the pleasure from the donut and substitute it with something else, whatever that something else may be, then you're on the more on the road to accomplishing a longer term success with that. And the hope is for people with cognitive impairment or with mental illness that improved brain function, improved psychiatric and mental health is one of those carrots that you feel better and then you can exercise more and then you can engage in, in more creative activities or that those are the carrots. I use carrot. But those are the benefits to- - The low carb carrots. - To, to, The low carb carrots, those are the benefits to replace what you're quote unquote taking away. So I mean, you clearly understand the concept and that has to be part of it. - You mentioned talking to Matthew Phillips and I know of Matthew, I've corresponded with him, but I haven't actually spoken to him, but he's worked with both Parkinson's patients on a ketogenic diet and Alzheimer's patients. And I'd be very interested to know whether you had the same experience as us, which is that the Parkinson's patients are easier to recruit and easier to maintain. The retention on the study is easier than it is with the Alzheimer patients. They're basically the same age, so it's not age alone, but I think the difference is that the Parkinson's patients, if they're improving, can actually see that the tremor is going down or that they're actually able to write something or hold their spoon for their soup or whatever it is. I'm not sure, and I'm sure that's a motivating factor because the quality of life, they can feel the difference. Whereas with Alzheimer's disease, the improvement that may be occurring may be perceptible to the patient themselves, probably more likely to their loved one or their caregiver who can see improvements that the patient themself doesn't even notice. So how do you motivate the person who doesn't actually perceive the benefit yet? - Yeah, great question, great question. Yeah, really interesting. That's where having a care team and having loved ones and a family and a support system can be so important. So it's not just change what you eat, is change what you eat, have behavioral modifications in place, have a support system, it's all part of it, which is a lot harder than just popping a pill, right? It's more involved than just taking a drug. So we can see why there's a higher, a steeper on-ramp maybe to adopt it, but in the long run, probably so much more important than this taking medication. So I think this has been a wonderful journey to hear about you and your beginnings and how you progress through this field and how the field has progressed. And we heard about your project that you're working on in the residents. So what else are you working on? What can we expect from you in the near future as you move on with your research? - Two things, really. One is that we learned again by accident, that exercise helps get ketones into the brain in Alzheimer's patients, I presume that's also true in healthy individuals, but we don't know that for sure. So we were struck immediately by the opportunity to combine the supplement or the ketogenic diet plus exercise. Again, this is not a single silo approach to the disease that ketones can be generated by one technique, but their uptake can be improved by another technique, which would be the exercise. So combining the two, so we're doing a pilot study in Parkinson's patients with a ketogenic supplement plus exercise, and the same thing in We're going to be analyzing the preliminary data later this summer and hopefully we'll have something to say about that this fall. So again, to multimodal, I guess is the term we would use. And these things are, ketones can't do it all and they shouldn't be seen as something that is sufficient by itself. It should be combined with other approaches to your health. Because even if there was no problem getting ketones or energy into the brain exercise, of course, is beneficial for health anyway. And so, it's not just one or the other two together. The other thing we we're impressed to learn again a little bit by accident is that when you have a tracer for ketones, you can look at it where it's used in the body. So we had been focused on the brain pretty much above the neck as we say. We decided to look below the neck one day and found that the heart is extremely actively metabolizing ketones as is the kidney. And so, we're sort of ruminating about what kind of projects we can do to study heart failure. And there's already publications out there suggesting that ketones could be beneficial in diabetic heart cardiac failure. And so, is this a question of fuel utilization and fuel strategies, fuel-based strategies, metabolic strategies as for the brain? Is it actually a similar situation to that in the brain? The difference being, of course, that the heart prefers to use fatty acids as fuel and the brain does not. The brain essentially cannot use fatty acids for all intents and purposes, doesn't use fatty acids specifically. So we're looking below the neck and there may be some interesting things that we can learn. It's still a bit physiological, a bit exploratory, but there could be some opportunities there as well. - Wow, very interesting. I love to hear all that. So hopefully we can have you back when some of this research starts to play out and you get some results. We'll have you back on at Metabolic Mind here to discuss the results and see. - It'd be a pleasure Bret, absolutely. - Well, great, well thank you for taking the time. Really appreciate you sharing your journey with us. - You're welcome, thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DrMooTwahzZ [1 likes]: As a Naturopath, I have been teaching KETONE as the true n proper Default BRAIN FUEL for years.

The institutional dogma labeled glucose the "default" simply because it's the easiest thing to measure in a modern society addicted to carbohydrates. But underneath that societal overlay, the body’s primary, high-performance engine is built to run on fat.

Thus, Brains rotted by SUGAR aka GLUCOSE gives You the current DEMENTIA aka ALZHEIMERS epidemic. 

Meanwhile, being Diagnosed with AH is actually in ERROR. The real problem is a lifetime of sustained HIGH BLOOD SUGAR. You dont have ALZHEIMERS. U have a MALNOURISHED Brain that's eroding due to lack of Proper NUTRIENTS.
  2. @carolcondon1663 [1 likes]: Thank you, what an amazing man!
  3. @paulhodges8288 [1 likes]: BECAUSE THEIR INCOME IS BASED KN THE STATUS QUO.
DUH!
  4. @lizakiesling1289 [1 likes]: Is their benefit for Alzheimer’s patients in exogenous ketones?
  5. @dou40006 [1 likes]: Ketogenic diet to mitigate Alzheimer ? yeah but the effects are very modest and probably very temporary, dont expect a cure with this, not even close
  6. @chrisd3283 [1 likes]: At 15:00, the guest states that ".. [amyloid] isn't present in all people with Alzheimer's...".  This is by the definition of Alzheimer's, false. The presence of beta‑amyloid plaques, along with tau neurofibrillary tangles, is a defining biological hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease.  This misstatement alone does not impugn the integrity of an argument that might say "better brain energy is a good thing to support neurological health", but in my opinion it seriously undermines the credibility of the guest in claiming the efficacy of better brain energy in Alzheimer's treatment.  That's important because we always have limited resources to apply to any problem, so spending resources on any possible contribution to treatment should be carefully considered.  

I'm 61 years old and have younger-onset Alzheimer's, with the PET scan that shows unequivocally the presence of amyloid plaque in my brain.  I have no serious MCI (yet).  I'm also on a metabolic-focused diet with the full support of my neurologist and GP.  While my adherence to this diet is good for me, it will not materially contribute to the prevention of accumulation of amyloid plaque in my brain, which will be the cause of accelerated neurological damage.  Whatever neurologic cells that are healthy when I die will have benefited from all that good energy 😁😁
  7. @CNM-ss2lc [1 likes]: Has any research done on exogenous ketone in dementia??
  8. @penniroyal4398 [1 likes]: I am 65 and just diagnosed with Altzheimer disease 😢 I researched what I could do and found the Keto diet! I am having scrambled eggs with pan fried zucchini in Olive oil and lots of dried herbs, I am trusting this diet will be helpful 🙏
  9. @hahaipokedyouoel483 [1 likes]: The Seventh-day Aventist living in retirement homes might be a good group to study. They're mostly vegetarian and believe in physical activity .
  10. @MrRobinGoodhand: It seems to me that the role of ketones in the brain is PARTICULARLY important if/when the brain itself starts to become insulin resistant.  Consistently  high  levels of insulin will cause parts of the brain to EVENTUALLY  become insulin resistant, thus reducing those cells' ability to absorb glucose.  If the person has insulin resistance,  they are likely consuming too many carbohydrates.  The problem is that high insulin inhibits the breakdown of fat.  One of the important by-products of fat burning is ketones.  The brain areas that become insulin resistant would probably eagerly accept ketones for energy metabolism, but sadly, the body is not producing them because high insulin has prevented the burning of fat (and thus the creation of ketones). This creates an energy crisis in the brain.  Since there is not enough energy to meet requirements, the brain is forced to shut down, or starve out, areas that are less essential for immediate survival. In essence, going into a triage situation. I think this is what dementia and Alzheimer's is all about.  I would bet that amyloid plaques and Tau proteins are all downstream from the above and are probably part of the brain's natural response to survive the best it can in a chronically energy-deprived milieu.
  11. @chickendiaries: So interesting.   Thank you
  12. @andrewmortensen5411: The resistance is because WEALTH comes before health.
  13. @RichardThivierge-v5h: Mr. Cunne is a hero in this field. I have been taking MCT for four years after taking care of my wife 24/7 for 6 months during Covid 19 and she died when the country was on a locldown. There was no  help available. 

After her death I returned where we were living to have access to healthcare.  Everingthing was jam,  My doctor offered me a pil for the memory. I declined. I damage my 3 motorcycles. in three months. 

I flew to Mexico. I miss my initial flight. I bought a new ticket and made it to Mexico but I mis the connecting flight to my destination and I bought a new ticket and slept for a second day in an airport. I was totally disoriented but i finally made it to my destination.
 

I  discovered the work of Mr. Cunnane  watching a video of Mary Newport.  I got some MCT from Amazon. I  watched more videos  which convinced me  to ask my doctor for a brain scan. He made a phone call and told me someone is waiting for me at the hospital across the street. 

The scan showed that I has massive athrophy in some regions of my brain.  I began to take MTC  I ramped up 25 grams 3 times a day for 3 years, did a lot of walking with intermittent fasting. I got very little relief.  I had a huge diarrhea in front of the family while visiting my daugher. I got mad at myself.  I had a wake up call that I had not done everything like  not try to take more  MTC. I ordered a ketone/glucose monitor, a kitchen scale, and a scale to monitor my weight. I lowered the MTC doses down to 20 grams 3 times a day. I added 1  a week and  I got to 50 grams 2 times a day and a 30 grams at bedtime at the end of 6 months. 

25 gramps 3 times a day of MTC while walking and intermittent  fasting  and low carb diet was not enough.  Taking more MTC was very chalenging and it motivated me for the best food available. Organic grass fed hormone  antibiotic  free  lamb, Buffalo chicken,  goat fatty fish when available products, leafy green organic vegetables and fermented food need time to develop synergy. 

I need help for many things and I must ask for Help.  I must avoid injury to hurt myself or try  do something  that would drain my energy.  Avoid whatever what  can be avoided and hope for the best.  Mr. Cunnane insist on that.
  14. @kenmarriott5772: Too much money and politics in pharmaceuticals keeping us unhealthy.
  15. @FollowScripture: Keep up this great work Doc we are with you
  16. @petercyr3508: So why cant we just say the large human brain requires ketones along with glucose to devlop and be properly fueled. After years and decades of blocking ketone production with a carb heavy diet the result is the full spectrum of mental disease and dementia. In other words blocking ketone production is pathalogical. A carb diet is unnatural for humans.
Its a cruel trick of nature that ketone production is so easily blocked.
  17. @Efro1953: Is keto only for Alzheimer or also for other types of dementia?
  18. @Efro1953: Is keto only for Alzheimer or also for other types of dementia?
  19. @nowhereman8374: Great video, it distresses me to realize the medical establishment is so resistant to change on something so basic as diet. Their opinions stink of money and politics.
  20. @edwinschwank2446: The ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM is that there is NO money in this type of therapy, other than buying some specialized food.  No money to be made....ignore the obvious.  WE are drug oriented and if there isn't a silver pill to take and correct then we simply ignore other potential societal improvements.