- The Growing Diabetes Crisis in the U.S. | Spectrum News: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] they think when people have diabetes all the fault is on them but it's not we've been seeing 40 to 50% screen positive for pre-diabetes or diabetes this is not some hypothetical this is life and death do we need to declare this as a national emergency absolutely it's become a part of everyday life for many people and it feels sort of inevitable it doesn't have to be this way lifestyle change is the most powerful thing to date that we've seen studied for preventing type 2 diabetes we have people who revers their diabetes these are the type of programs that make a difference it's not how much it costs for this program how much is going to cost us if we don't have this program it's no question this can be done the question question is why it isn't done the solutions are to go back to the drawing table and to get it right every patient that walks in here is looked at as a family member so just watch watch your sugars watch what you eat you know you got to you got to eat the right things now Mama we live in a country where diabetes and obesity are biggest health challenges your last A1C do you know what that number is your last A1C number you got to know your A1C number now okay that's your passport conversations like these play out each day all over the US the Centers for Disease Control estimates about 37 million Americans have diabetes another 96 million are pre-diabetic no sugary drinks that's sweet tea you got to cut it out no more sweet tea no no no no we going we don't want sweet tea there a lot of patients who actually walk into this Clinic who do not realize they're diabetic until I draw their Labs Dr felucho fakar is an Interventional cardiologist since moving to Mississippi in 2015 an area with a severe physician shortage fakar has dedicated himself to preventing one of the most shocking and preventable outcomes of uncontrolled diabetes lower limb amputation everyone knows that their grandmother underwent an amputation because of her poor sugar but what caused that whole clinical trajectory to happen peripheral artery disease or pad is a condition where fatty plaque builds up in the arteries restricting blood flow flow to the legs the risk of developing it is 50% greater in Black Americans than in white it's a consequence of uncontrolled blood sugar levels without proper blood flow wounds may not heal particularly on the toes that's why we in medicine see a high rate of amputations because they feel that taking off that toe or that infected foot is the ultimate solution not knowing that whatever is happening in one leg is also occurring the other leg Yeah there it's it's sort of a Snowball Effect right yes after an amputation 30% of them will have another amputation of the other limb because the problem has not been solved the scale of the problem is vast every 30 seconds a limb is amputated due to peratal disease and diabetes in America that amounts to an estimated 140,000 diabetes related amputations every year in the US but amputations are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to the type 2 diabetes crisis equally devastating are the effects of the disease about a third of diabetics also have cardiovascular disease and as of 2018 more than 300,000 Americans were living with endstage renal disease because of uncontrolled diabetes requiring dialysis treatment or a kidney transplant the pandemic has only made matters worse for a time it was harder to get healthy food exercise and even make it to medical appointments the last year the death rate in diabetics Rose by 15% because of covid I just stand up run my water you know I make instantly coughing and stuff like that you know OA Rucker was diagnosed with diabetes 30 years ago despite changing his diet and losing weight over the years he knew he was at greater risk I was scared yeah I was scared earlier in the pandemic Rucker began noticing pain and weakness in his left leg it was always cold he developed an infection around his toenail and was told he might need an amputation he couldn't get the foot to do what it normally do like keep it from getting a dark keep from losing my my leg his cousin suggested he visit fak and he said Mr R he told me we going to prob to save it don't let nobody do anything to and I said okay I say uh what we got to do the answer was a procedure called an angiogram another of fak's patients Annie Ford allowed us to observe the treatment which reopened one of her clogged vessels now she's very calcified it's probably been blocked for years so we'll see what we can do so you can take a wire and a balloon and you go and basically you mash up that plaque against the wall and restore blood flow you're basically are plowing away the snow and clearing out the highway and you're restoring traffic Rucker says he saw a difference immediately after his procedure I get down I feel my leg that's all that's that bad boy W ever since I've been here I can tell you that majority of my patients do not end up with a knife applied vakar says that should have been the case for Mr Rucker his angiogram was successful last summer Rucker noticed a blister on the toe of his right foot on his healthier leg faked had checked his blood flow just two weeks before not wanting to risk an infection he sought help from a doctor nearby things were going good tow was healing but then a week later it got infected he was told the toe had to be cut off she told me just the toe out patient I was hurt when I woke up and seeing this leg gone Rucker woke up in the hospital to find his leg had been amputated below the knee fakar insists the amputation wasn't necessary but says he wasn't surprised the leg had been removed without consent the first line of treatment that is offered nationally is an amputation and the people who offered those are more likely to be those who have low social economic status or who are minorities that he says is not a coincidence we can deny that systemic racism does not exist in healthcare it does there are still some racially biased attitudes that enshrined in policy it's that reality that brought him from New York to the Mississippi Delta he only planned to stay for a two-month mentorship but had a change of heart at this spot this is where it all starts from me there were Saturdays and Sundays where I find myself right here at a memorial remembering the brutal murder of 14-year-old EMT till in 1955 his mother had shared the shocking images of his disfigured body the tragedy was a galvanizing force of the Civil Rights Movement looking at what Mar Lui King said in 1966 that of all forms of inequality Injustice and Healthcare is the most shocking and inhumane you don't get to understand that until you look at just the amputation epid mic particularly in minorities if you look at the civil rights movement and how people actually literally came down to Mississippi to affect change it wasn't a large ask for me to come here and provide services in the South fakar says racial disparities are on full display a legacy of past injustices like the lingering effects of discriminatory housing practices placing many far from adequate Health Care they live in environments and physical neighborhoods whereby the things are debilitated there are no sidewalks where they can exercise there are no parks where their kids can go out and play safely and access to healthy foods are not an option experts call these realities the social determinance of Health a recognition that your income and education levels and where you live are just as important to your health as your genetics little time though is spent on these factors during medical training whatever medical instruction or procedure that's going to be given or prescribed to you is dependent on a preconceived notion and I call that statistical discrimination the Civil Rights Movement paved the way he says to finally tackle this more Insidious form of bias don't get me wrong since 1955 I'm able to walk the streets freely and not you know figure out what bathroom I'm going to use however I should be able to go into a hospital system or Health Care system and not worry if I'm about to lose my limb because of the color of my skin that's what ties this movement the civil rights movement and the Healthcare System together he hopes that like with EMT till stories like Ruckers will draw attention to the current crisis publicize it so the world can see that this this is not just happened to Mr Rucker it's happening in other states it's happening in other communities Rucker says it's taken some time to come to terms with what happened to him I woke up M the morning cry when people have diabetes all the fault is on them but it's not it wasn't my fault when someone walk off it and you off and you bothos to help them you don't te them apart and don't even say that you sorry Rucker doesn't even know the doctor's name responsible for his amputation now 67 he says his focus is on moving forward and maintaining his independence this you know normal morning to me you know getting up early you know seeing like my dad used say bir get the one did it ever cross your mind that maybe you should move in with a family member after this happened on your with your leg I thought about it but then again I say uh I'm not going to let this stop me from doing what I want to do long I'm taking my medicine I'm feeling good and I'm moning myself like I'm supposed to be they say man we got a chance to live another 15 20 year I'm tring to keep moving forward what behind me now is behind me over the past 8 years fakar has reduced amputations in his community by 80% he says ultimately though winning the war against the diabetes crisis will require earlier interventions there just things that we can do better if we can just think of having more of a preventive mindset than a reactionary mindset for now fakar says the battle continues his patience are what keep him motivated the joy in what I do every day is that I see less of my patients in over Strokes I see less of my patients ending up on dialysis machines I see less of my patients undergoing amputations I'm very impressed with with what I see I mean we've come a long way yeah so I can promise you that no one is taking this leg off thanks for watching our YouTube channel for more stories in your community click the Subscribe button here you can also download the Spectrum news app or watch us on TV for the latest information balanced coverage weather updates every 10 minutes and more we'll see you then

  Top Comments:
  1. @SixOhFive [4 likes]: I would say the best fix would be putting very large tariffs on anything that contains added sugars, of any quantity whatsoever. This would cause the companies that correctly produce such products to stop, and pivot to things that they can still make profits on.
  2. @hannibalbarca3341 [3 likes]: 613 views in a year? Why
  3. @SixOhFive [3 likes]: Soon I will be one of the doctors treating these patients. I really look up to the doctor who is helping the low income rural community, this is also what I want to do.

- Prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes in the US: Kind: captions Language: en (mellow electronic music) - [Narrator] 30.3 million people in the United States have diabetes, or 9.4% of the U.S. population. This comes to roughly one in every 11 people. An estimated one in four people do not realize they have diabetes. The economic burden of diabetes in the United States is roughly $327 billion and adults with diabetes are at a 50% increased risk of death compared to those without. This course will focus specifically on type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes occurs when hyperglycemia develops over time due to insulin-producing beta cells of the pancreas not being able to compensate for the body's insulin resistance. Certain populations are at higher risk for type 2 diabetes when compared to others. We see a higher frequency of diagnosis in African American, American Indian, Hispanic/Latino, Asian American, and Pacific Islander populations. Risk for diabetes increases with age, obesity, poor diet, or a sedentary lifestyle. Higher in individuals with a family history of diabetes, elevated blood pressure, 140/90, low HDL less than 35, and elevated triglyceride level greater than 250. And a prior history of either impaired fasting glucose, IFG, or impaired glucose tolerance, IGT, and/or hemoglobin of 5.7% and above. Women with previous history of gestational diabetes and delivering a child over nine pounds, being diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome, PCOS, are also at higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Screening a person for type 2 diabetes begins with establishing his/her risk level. The American Diabetes Association Diabetes Risk Stratification Criteria tool is useful for determining what test to do initially, and when to do a repeat test in the case of an abnormal result. A simple in-office screening of your patient is essential to allow follow-up with and treatment of patients who screen positive. Please download the files listed below for more details and a copy of the PDF version of the ADA screening survey. Early detection and prompt intervention are especially beneficial in the treatment and reduction in the risk of future health complications which patients with diabetes are more susceptible to. An A1C test to measure average blood glucose is one of the screening tools in the diagnosis of a patient at risk for type 2 diabetes. An A1C below 5.7% is within normal range. Between 5.7% and 6.4 is considered prediabetes, and 6.5 or higher screens positive for diabetes. Other screening tests including Fasting Plasma Glucose, FPG, and Oral Glucose Tolerance Test, OGTT, you need two lab tests to confirm type 2 diabetes. A FPG result less than 100 milligrams per deciliter is normal, 100 to 125 is prediabetes, and greater than 126 meets the criteria for diabetes. An OGTT result less than 140 milligrams per deciliter is normal, 140 to 199 is prediabetes, and 200 meets the criteria for diabetes. This concludes the prevalence and screening section. Please proceed to the next section of the course, which covers a high level overview and interactive version of our Stanford Diabetes Management Algorithm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahschlotfeldt8698 [1 likes]: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  2. @blessin3384: DR harry herbs on YouTube has treatment for type 2 diabetes, which i contact through YouTube and gave me herbs medicine that i took for some weeks and get cure from type 2 diabetes..
  3. @Victoria-hq1lk: All thanks to DR. harry herbs i contacted through  YouTube for cuing me from diabetes typed 2 with his herbs medicine, true natural medicine is powerful.
  4. @Victoria-hq1lk: All thanks to DR. harry herbs i contacted through  YouTube for cuing me from diabetes typed 2 with his herbs medicine, true natural medicine is powerful.
  5. @blessin3384: DR. harry herbs on YouTube has treatment for diabetes, which i contact through YouTube and gave me his herbs medicine that i took for some weeks and get cure from type 2 diabetes.
  6. @ajuobasi548: Really appreciate Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my Diabetes with his herbs medication which I got from him and I can eat all kinds of food after using his herbs.
  7. @debbieevansphelar804: I’m so much grateful to Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my diabetes type 2 with his natural herbs medication and I’m also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from Diabetes disease to contact him on his YouTube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective.
  8. @jameswilliams3443: Are you having issue with diabetes Dr alued have the cure I'm free
  9. @traceypoynter2582: Since I started taking the natural herbs medication I ordered from Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel my Diabetes disease started getting better and now it is gone forever and I’m now living a more comfortable life again. Thanks Dr IGUDIA.
  10. @fatimaadam271: I honestly can’t stop thanking Dr IGUDIA on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes permanently with his natural herbs medication which I ordered from him. Thank you so much doctor IGUDIA.
  11. @janisnielson3529: All thanks and gratitude to Dr IGUDIA on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes with his herbs medication which I ordered from him. His herbs medication are indeed very effective and cures Diabetes permanently.
  12. @owolabiadeoti4676: I’m so much grateful to Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel who cured my type 2 Diabetes with his natural herbs medication and I’m also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from Diabetes and other disease to contact him on his YouTube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective.
  13. @oyemajonathan231: May God bless Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel who cured my Type 2 Diabetes with his herbs medication
  14. @nancyanne9982: Very informative, I’m also going to use this opportunity to recommend Dr IGUDIA on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes with his natural herbs medication
  15. @helenrobin73: I want to personally take time out to appreciate Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel for the herbs medication I ordered from him in curing my Diabetes disease
  16. @protohass: As usual minorities get the crap end of statistics and white people have zero health problems
  17. @sabrinamcalister200: God bless Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel for getting the cure to Diabetes disease. I’m finally free from this deadly disease
  18. @okoliesamuel3844: Dr IGUDIA on YouTube medication is indeed the best treatment to Diabetes disease. I’m a living testimony to his medication
  19. @priscillacamacho7162: I'm finally free my this so called Diabetes disease with the help of Dr IGUDIA on YouTube after using his herbs medication.
  20. @anetorberry1947: When it comes to Diabetes disease cure I can only recommend Dr Igudia on YouTube because I have used his herbs medication and it works

- Diabetes, a social epidemic devastating America: Kind: captions Language: en americans are hyper vigilant about the swine flu these days but there's a much deadlier epidemic that's linked to killing hundreds of thousands each year it's diabetes leonard bigelow was diagnosed a few months ago his body doesn't produce the right amount of insulin to control sugar levels in his blood if he doesn't take his medication he could pass out or even go into a coma i take insulin six times a day four needles and two pills bigelow has type 2 diabetes which has increased in the united states over the past 20 years at an alarming rate almost 8 percent of americans now have the disease that means about as many people as the entire population of australia there's no official cause but obesity is recognized as a major risk factor the myths that are out there about diabetes is one if you eat too much sugar that will cause diabetes well it's not the sugar that causes diabetes is the weight gain that generally is associated with diabetes can i just go overboard one time oh yeah no thanksgiving is okay i'll give you permission for that one day but then you have to get back on track again okay diabetes can lead to heart damage stroke blindness and amputation but it's treatable bruce mulligan has had type 2 diabetes for the past 25 years he recently lost 75 pounds by walking two miles a day and eating low calorie food from a diet company he no longer injects insulin which he says is a chore i really decided in the last couple years that as i was getting a little bit older i wanted to make sure that i was healthy and hopefully would be able to turn the clock back a little bit mulligan says changing his lifestyle saves him the money he used to spend on junk food but the medical costs of treating diabetes also empties people's pockets americans spend 116 billion dollars on the disease every year thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @brucevilla7490 [1 likes]: America's for profit medical system mandates that people stay sick in order to sell them drugs.
  2. @JB1837-x3f [1 likes]: Sugar does not cause diabetes? Is she crazy?
  3. @rogermichelle7690: I want to thank the great doctor Osa's who brought my boyfriend back to me. I had seen many hospitals, Dr Osa's gave me medication  and told me all the truth, and I trusted Dr osas and had him do the spells for me. It took awhile because it was very very messy between us. I had to wait for each spell to do its work. but once the last spell finally was working and the other spells had worked, that is when he called. we met. then it took many more meetings. but now we are back together and I can only thank Dr Osa's, he is the greatest Dr that cured my boyfriend from herpes virus. You should also contact him  Email: osad2383@gmail.com  WhatsApp/Call +2349154653305.

- Diabetes skyrocketing in the United States: Kind: captions Language: en ONE PREVENTS TRANSGENDER PEOPLE FROM CHANGING THEIR DRIVER LICENSES OR BIRTH CERTIFICATES. NOW TO A HEALTH ALERT. A NEW STUDY SHOWS AN ALARMING OUTLOOK ON DIABETES RATE NEWS TWO'S COREY JOHNSON JOINS US WITH THE DETAILS ON WHO COULD BE AFFECTED THE MOST. COREY. THAT'S RIGHT. HALEY DIABETES IS SKYROCKETING WITH MORE THAN 500 MILLION PEOPLE OF ALL AGES LIVING WITH TO A STUDY PUBLISHED IN THE LANCET MEDICAL JOURNAL. THE NUMBER OF ADULTS LIVING WITH DIABETES IS PREDICTED TO REACH ONE 0.3 BILLION BY THE YEAR 2050 I SPOKE WITH HEALTH UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER'S WHO TELL ME THIS DATA IS NOT SHOCKING TO THEM. DIABETES RATES HAVE BEEN TRENDING UPWARD FOR AT LEAST THE LAST 20 YEARS. THE STUDY SHOWS MARGINALIZED COMMUNITIES WILL BE THE MOST IMPACTED BY THE SURGEON DIABETES. THE DATA REVEALING 3 IN 4 ADULTS WITH THE DISEASE WILL COME FROM LOW INCOME AND MIDDLE INCOME COUNTRIES. IT'S A SAD NUMBER, BUT NOT A SURPRISING ONE TO PEOPLE WHO'VE BEEN IN THE FIELD FOR A LONG TIME MIDDLE TENNESSEE IS CERTAINLY NOT EXEMPT FROM THE BIG ESCALATION AND DIABETES THAT WE'RE SEEING AROUND THE COUNTRY AROUND THE WORLD. THE CAUSE AT TENNESSEE HAS HIGHER RATES OF OBESITY AND CERTAIN OTHER PARTS OF THE COUNTRY. WE'RE NOT NUMBER ONE, BUT WE'RE SORT OF IN THAT IN THAT UPPER TIER. THE PALM TELLS ME THERE ARE METHODS THAT PEOPLE CAN TAKE. HE SAYS IT'S IMPORTANT FOR YOUNGER PEOPLE TO GET SCREENINGS EVEN IF THEY FEEL LIKE THEY'RE HEALTHY, ESPECIALLY IF THERE IS A HISTORY OF DIABETES AND YOUR FAMILY HALEY A GREAT REMINDER.

  Top Comments:
  1. @R0n1n760 [1 likes]: I’m seeing this as I go buy a box of donuts for the family
  2. @Dhracko_Chavok: The report is speaking of people in the United States of America. So start knowing how to read and pay attention. Because I have lost family members due to diabetes. I'm thankful that I actually take care of myself to prevent from having diabetes.
  3. @carmenk80: This news story is very misleading.  There are different types of diabetes.  The endocrinologist that was interviewed for this segment should have specified that!  Type 2 diabetes can be prevented with healthy diet and exercise.  Type 1 is an autoimmune disorder that can not be helped.  
If you are giving a report please be sure to share accurate information!

- Diabetes Reaches a New High in the US: Kind: captions Language: en US Health researchers say nearly 24 million Americans have diabetes and 57 million more are at risk of getting it 8% of the US population now has the disease compared to 4% in the 1960s Dr Anne Albright at the US Centers for Disease Control and prevention says governments communities and individuals need to take diabetes more seriously the numbers continue to go up because we have a growth in uh the number of people who are overweight and obese and she says an aging population is also to blame with diabetes the body does not produce enough insulin or does not use the insulin it can produce insulin is a hormone that helps change sugar starches and other Foods into energy diabetes increases the risk of heart attack kidney failure blindness or nerve damage that leads to amputations Dr David Nathan says all the more TR is that type 2 diabetes can often be prevented we could decrease this epidemic by as much as 58% with either a lifestyle intervention aimed at weight loss and increasing exercise or with medications other countries also see the number of people with diabetes Rising dramatically the international diabetes Federation says 246 million people worldwide have this disease it predicts the number will increase to 380 million by 2025 the organization says 80% of the people with type 2 diabetes live in developing countries and it is deadly diabetes accounts for nearly 4 million deaths a year similar in magnitude to HIV AIDS us researchers say there is some good news more Americans know they have diabetes and there are signs that they are better at battling the disease diabetes used to be the sixth greatest cause of death in the US but the health agency reports it is now dropped to number seven Carol Pearson vaa news [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohamedly5557: What a crappy century we're living in
  2. @rogermichelle7690: I want to thank the great doctor Osas who brought my boyfriend back to me. I had seen many hospitals, Dr Osas gave me medication  and told me all the truth, and I trusted Dr osas and had him do the spells for me. It took awhile because it was very very messy between us. I had to wait for each spell to do its work. but once the last spell finally was working and the other spells had worked, that is when he called. we met. then it took many more meetings. but now we are back together and I can only thank Dr Osas, he is the greatest Dr Osas that cured my boyfriend from herpes virus. You should also contact him  Email: osad2383@gmail.com  WhatsApp/Call +2349154653305.......

- Diabetes Capital of the U.S. (Your City? Your State?) + SES/Demos: Kind: captions Language: en do you live in one of the diabetes capitals of the united states in the number one city or the number one state there are surprising cities and states that made this list and you may not believe which cities and states have the highest prevalence of diabetes in the united states now remember that 95 of the diabetes we're talking about in these numbers is type 2 diabetes which is completely reversible with a proper human diet i'm dr ken berry a family physician let's look at these cities and states and see if you're surprised and see if your city is number one on the list claiming the title as diabetes capital of america based on the latest cdc information from the website is mobile alabama with a rate of 17.7 percent uh followed closely by charleston west virginia with a rate of 17.6 and then third place goes to corpus christi texas with a rate of 16.9 percent now you may want to flip this data and say well actually the capital of type 2 diabetes or diabetes in the united states should be the city with the lowest rate because they kind of win don't they that's a valid point so here are the cities in the united states with the least diabetes leading the list is boulder colorado with a rate of only 5.9 percent secondly bellingham washington with a rate of 6.1 percent thirdly fort collins colorado 6.5 percent what's going on in colorado that they have such low rates of diabetes you can pause the video and run it back if you want to see what other cities made the top ten now if you think the top 10 cities are a surprise why do you see the top 10 states that do the best and the worst when it comes to diabetes here are the top 10 states with the worst percentage of diabetes winning uh the capital state of america of diabetes is alabama with a rate of 16.1 percent followed or tied actually with west virginia also 16.1 percent and then mississippi coming in third with 15.6 percent now which see which states did the best when it comes to percentage of diabetes surprise surprise utah has the lowest percentage of diabetes of any state in the country at 7.4 percent followed closely by rhode island with 7.6 and then colorado with 7.9 percent now let's break these numbers down by demographic and socioeconomic uh bullets have you ever wondered i wonder which ethnicity has the highest rates of diabetes in the united states i think it's a question that needs to be talked about because the ethnicities that suffer the highest rates definitely need to come together as a community and work with health care providers to get this rate down because this rate is too high winning or losing this race ethnicity battle in the united states is the black population with a rate of 15.5 percent coming in a close second or second from last is the american indian population with a rate of 14 and then coming in uh third is the hispanic population with a rate of 11.6 percent these populations have to take this diabetes seriously uh for a multitude of reasons well what about level of educational attainment does that make any difference and turns out it makes a huge difference now nobody's saying that just because you've got a phd you're somehow magically protected from diabetes it doesn't work that way there are many confounding variables and variables that contribute to these rates of diabetes we see that the united states population who has less than a high school diploma has almost a 20 percent rate of diabetes and remember 95 percent of that is type 2 diabetes so this is not an autoimmune condition this is a condition brought on by eating the wrong foods and then if you had a high school diploma 14 percent if you had some college 13 and then if you graduated college only 7.7 so if you live in colorado and you have graduated from college then you're basically bulletproof when it comes to so what about gender you might think initially well that shouldn't matter at all but it does a little bit uh males have a rate of 11.6 percent versus females 10.6 percent so it is a little bit protective to be a female in this uh situation when you look at these numbers broken down by age then it becomes readily apparent that the vast majority of diabetes we're talking about here is type 2 diabetes between the ages of 18 and 44 the rate is 3.2 percent it's still very very rare that someone under the age of 44 is diagnosed with type 2 diabetes it's becoming much more common much more common than it should be but still relatively rare between the ages of 45 and 64. the rate jumps up to 14.6 percent and then over the age of 65 the rate just skyrockets up to 22.5 so what about income you think that matters what do you think so yeah it matters a lot if you make less than 25 000 a year you've got a 19 rate of diabetes in your community if you make between twenty five and fifty thousand dollars your rate goes up to fourteen point six percent if you make for fifty to seventy five thousand dollars your rate uh goes down to eleven point two percent and then if you make seventy five thousand or more your rate is down to colorado levels at 7.5 percent so does being wealthier does that protect you somehow or is it the knowledge that comes with being wealthier the access to information that comes from being wealthier many many people would say well if they wealthy people just have more access to health care providers and i would argue that's probably not what's causing this you could go to the doctor every 10 minutes three times a day and still develop type 2 diabetes if that health care provider is giving you bad nutrition advice so i don't think it's just access to health healthcare that somehow magically protects you from diabetes predominantly type 2 diabetes i think it's the increased income gives you access to better information maybe you're more able and eager and likely to access youtube videos like this one that can help you reverse type 2 diabetes and thus plummet your percentage of incidence that that occurs in your your income demographic i've got an entire youtube playlist about type 2 diabetes and how to reverse it and never have it again maybe people who are wealthier just have more access to those types of videos two more important things you need to know number one i put links to all the research data down in the show notes below and then important thing number two is if you'd like to ask me a question personally about reversing your type 2 diabetes or improving your a1c if you're a type 1 diabetic you can become a patron on patreon.com it's a super quick and easy sign up and you've got access to me and nisha loves it and multiple extra live q and a's a week inside the private protected patreon community

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeatloafTheCat-: A lot of it is due to healthier choice foods are more expensive and the fact that the entire food industry is lying about how toxic the ingredients they use are.
  2. @TracyR4: Interesting. Didn't see PA on there. If you come to Nw PA or anywhere in PA you will see a HIGH amount of  morbidly obese people here that are vitamin D deficient , is part of the Rust Belt ( very poor people living here).  I'll say wealthier people have easier to access to better medical care.   Being on the poor side the medical care you receive is Bad, and its beyond bad, Your insurance pays for the worst of the worst doctors.  Also, you don't have the access to doctors that would have this type of information either.  For instance, if you needed to see a doctor that specializes in diet and are keto minded, as a poor person your insurance WILL NOT pay for that, and if you can't pay out of pocket, your screwed. Our medical system in PA is so bass ackwards that I didn't realize it until we traveled to Ohio and saw the difference of the level of medicine there.
  3. @Joshtheloserking: Haven’t watched yet. IS TENNESSEE ON IT?
  4. @laura76826: How can I control my sugar naturally?
  5. @nobodyabcd: Poor people eat cheap "food" that means not much real nutrition just because it cost too much.
  6. @westpont8953: I suffered from Diabetes for a long time until I finally met Dr OBEHi Herbal Home on YouTube he send me  herbs after I used this Herbs for a few weeks I can testify I am completely free..
  7. @richardwhitaker3835: Yu R th Boss Hoss! THANKS.
  8. @duke927: Colorado-Lots of bicycle riders and grown up hippies.
  9. @devdawg22: I live in Oklahoma....before I even watch your video I will say I probably do live in one of the top states lol


Okay just saw the list....I'm actually surprised OK isn't on there. I bet we are top 25 for sure. Obesity as far as the eye can see around here which is sad because we do have alot of local ranchers that can provide grass feed meats to people.  If they only drop the processed carb trash
  10. @bellaraio5783: Everyone I know who has ever been extremely outdoorsy and into outdoor sports has lived in Colorado at some point lol. They’re very into health and fitness. I would say myself living in Southern California people here are extremely healthy and into fitness and diet, partly because the weather is always perfect and partly because we’re surrounded by celebrity culture and they tend to be very focused on health and fitness as well and it seeps into the rest of the population.
  11. @SuzyQZ2Z: Honestly... The south loves their deep-fried battered foods... I don't think those northern states that were lower in diabetes eat deep-fried battered foods like the south does.
  12. @allstarpawn396: We should not pretend that the income does not directly have a effect on food choices. The cheaper the food, Typically the more unhealthy it is.  More Sugar and Carbs
  13. @annasbeautyservices: Utah comes in #1 because of our percentage of children is higher than any other state. I'm assuming that children normally don't have diabetes until later in life on the whole. This state is becoming more obese everyday. I see it everywhere. We need your wisdom now more than ever.
  14. @midwestribeye7820: I truly enjoyed hearing critters in the background. I hope you and your family are truly happy on your homestead.
  15. @halffasthaiku7526: I think higher income brings ability to buy healthy foods instead of chips and rice and oatmeal etc. access to  organic foods, steak 🥩, shrimp, etc. makes a huge difference
  16. @peterbeyer5755: Dr Berry should have put up some stats on how many people have reversed their diabetes around the world and in each US state, education and income level by implementing his advice.  I bet it would be in the millions, thousands of lives saved, peoples health improved dramatically, millions of dollars saved in health and allied care, millions not suffering.
  17. @peterbeyer5755: Even Utah at 7.4 % is far to high.
  18. @CMac892: My beloved Mississippi must do better ❤️
  19. @adalineproulx9773: did i hear a rooster?? 🐓🐓🐓😆
  20. @dustykeele: The interesting thing about the first list is, all locations are in Southern states, except for Flint, MI and Rockford, IL. Both Flint and Rockford had a huge influx of Southerners as jobs in the auto industry (Flint) and the furniture industry (Rockford) attracted job seekers fleeing unemployment and poverty during the Great Depression and Post WWII. 
This begs the question, is this genetics? Or is this a cultural shift? Surely these newcomers brought their food customs and shared with others.

- Diabetes: The Epidemic Costing America: Kind: captions Language: en diabetes is is a disease that is so undetectable just by walking around every on an everyday life it's just you don't know you've got it james laneu is a type 2 diabetic now he's just one of 382 million people worldwide living with diabetes with that number predicted to rise to 500 million in nearly 15 years it seems we're losing the battle it's really very a very complicated disease but the more you learn about it the easier it is to overcome those complications a study by the american diabetes association shows the most common form type 2 diabetes accounts for 90 percent of diagnosed cases and with another 79 million at risk for developing the disease conway medical center's dr morris washington says it's not just a problem it's a full-blown epidemic it keeps going at this rate that half the population of the united states will probably be either pre-diabetic or diabetic in 2013 the cost of diabetes in the u.s skyrocketed topping out at 245 billion dollars one in every three health care dollars is spent to fight the disease that money is being spent on things like routine doctor visits eye and dental exams and a slew of serious complications ranging from heart attacks and strokes to blindness and even amputations there's also a cost on the job front it produces a lot of long-term disability and loss from the workforce the most stunning fact of all though when you consider the total impact of diabetes is that we're spending billions of dollars on a disease that according to a study published in the archives of internal medicine is nearly 100 percent preventable and the battle against it is part of a larger war the one against obesity to fight obesity has to be you know and to get rid of type 2 diabetes is actually you have to you know stop the obesity epidemic and to stop that it has to be on many several fronts it's education it's changes in our food industry more exercise our our environment has to change lanu realized that need for change after being diagnosed and it's helped him avoid any serious complications the hardest part for him was watching the types of foods he ate and that's a struggle that many type 2 diabetics must overcome i want to control this and not have it control me it's very important for those patients to change their diet to me eat a diet that's mostly protein and stay away from the carbohydrates and the fat to get daily exercise and if they do those things they really they really do well over the long haul but in the golden age of fast food restaurants super sized meals long hours logged at work and the stress of it all the burden falls on more than just the patients to help change this toxic american lifestyle and put our health back on the right path we as a society must make the necessary changes or risk becoming part of this silent epidemic that's costing america greatly reporting in conway alex heaton wpde newschannel 15.

- Type 2 diabetes | Sarah Hallberg | TEDxPurdueU: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Anders Björk Reviewer: Ivan Stamen I have the best job in the world. I'm a doctor. No! Believe me that's not why. I'm an obesity doctor. I have the honor of working with the group of people subject to the last widely accepted prejudice: being fat. These people have suffered a lot by the time they see me: shame, guilt, blame and outright discrimination. The attitude that many take, including those in healthcare, is that these people are to blame for their situation. If they could just control themselves, they wouldn't be overweight, and they are not motivated to change. Please let me tell you this is not the case. The blame, if we've got to extend some here, has been with our advice. And it's time we change that. Obesity is a disease, it's not something created by lack of character. It's a hormonal disease, and there are many hormones involved. And one of the main ones is a hormone called insulin. Most obese individuals are resistant to this hormone, insulin. So, what does that mean exactly, to be resistant to insulin? Well, insulin resistance is essentially a state of pre-pre-type 2 diabetes. Insulin's job is to drive glucose, or blood sugar, into the cells where it can be used. In a nutshell, when someone is insulin resistant, they are having trouble getting blood sugar where it needs to go, into those cells. And it just can't hang out in the blood after we eat or we would all have a diabetic crisis after every meal! So, when someone is resistant to insulin, the body's response to this is to just make more of it. And insulin levels will rise and rise, and for a while, years even, this is going to keep up, and blood sugar levels can remain normal. However, usually it can't keep up forever, and even those elevated levels of insulin are not enough to keep blood sugar in the normal range. So it starts to rise. That's diabetes. It probably won't surprise you to hear that most of my patients have insulin resistance or diabetes. And if you are sitting there thinking, "Phew, that's not me," you actually might want to think again, because almost 50% of adult Americans now have diabetes or prediabetes. That is almost 120 million of us. But that's hardly everyone who has issues with insulin. Because as I was saying, people have elevated insulin levels due to insulin resistance for years, even decades, before the diagnosis of even prediabetes is made. Plus it's been shown that 16-25% of normal-weight adults are also insulin resistant. So, in case you're keeping track, this is a heck of a lot of us. So, the trouble with insulin resistance is: If it goes up, we are at great risk for developing type 2 diabetes. But also, insulin makes us hungry, and the food we eat much more likely to be stored as fat. Insulin is our fat storage hormone. So we can start to see how it's going to be a problem for diseases like obesity and metabolic issues like diabetes. But what if we traced this problem back to the beginning, and we just didn't have so much glucose around that insulin needed to deal with? Let's take a look at how that could be. Everything you eat is either a carbohydrate, a protein or a fat, and they all have very different effect on glucose and therefore insulin levels, as you can see on the graph. So when we eat carbohydrates, our insulin and glucose are going to spike up fast. And with proteins it looks a lot better. But take a look at what happens when we eat fat. Essentially nothing, a flat line. And, this is going to wind up being very important. So, now I want to translate that graph for you into a real-world situation. I want you to go back and think about the last time you ate an American version of Chinese food. We all know there's rules associated with this, right? And the first rule is: You're going to overeat. Because the stop signal doesn't get sent until you are literally busting at the seams. Rule number two is: In an hour you're starving. Why? Well, because the rice in that meal caused glucose and insulin to skyrocket, which triggered hunger, fat storage and cravings. So, if you are insulin resistant to begin with, and your insulin levels are already higher, you really are hungrier all the time. And we have this setup: Eat carbs, your glucose goes up, your insulin goes up, and you have hunger and fat storage. So, how do we recommend to these people to eat, because it seems like that would be really important, and it is. Let's focus just on type 2 diabetes, because the general recommendations are to tell patients with type 2 diabetes to consume 40 to 65 grams of carbohydrates per meal, plus more at snacks. Trust me on this, that's a lot of carbs. And remember what's going to happen to glucose and insulin, blood sugar and insulin, when we eat them? Yes, we are essentially recommending that they eat exactly what's causing their problem. Sound crazy? It really, really is. Because, at its root, diabetes is a state of carbohydrate toxicity. We can't get the blood sugar into the cells, and that causes a problem in the short term. But the long-term consequences are even greater. And insulin resistance is essentially a state of carbohydrate intolerance. So why, oh why, do we want to continue to recommend to people to eat them? The American Diabetes Association guidelines specifically state that there is inconclusive evidence to recommend a specific carbohydrate limit. But those guidelines go right on to say what we all know: Our carbohydrate intake is the single, biggest factor in blood sugar levels, and therefore need for medication. These guidelines then go on to say: Hey look, if you are taking certain diabetic medications, you actually have to eat carbs, otherwise your blood sugar can go too low. Okay, so let's take a look at the vicious cycle that that advice just set up. So it's: Eat carbs so you have to take medicine, then you have to eat more carbs so you avoid the side-effect of those medications, and around and around we go. Even worse is that nowhere in the ADA guidelines is the goal of reversing type 2 diabetes. This needs to be changed, because type 2 diabetes can be reversed, in many, if not most, situations, especially if we start early. Not only do we need to let people know this, but we have to start giving them the practical advice so they can do this. Consider carbs. First, here's a shocker for you: We don't need them. Seriously! Our minimum daily requirement for carbohydrates is zero. We have essential amino acids, those are proteins, essential fatty acids, but, nope, no essential carb. A nutrient is essential if we have to have it to function, and we can't make it from something else. We make glucose, plenty of it, all the time, it's called gluconeogenesis. So, we don't need them, the overconsumption of them is making us very sick, yet we are continuing to recommend to patients to consume close to, if not more than, half of their total energy intake every day from them. It doesn't make sense. Let's talk about what does. Cutting carbs, a lot. Yes, in my clinic we teach patients to eat with carbs as the minority of their intake, not the majority. So, how does that work? Well, when our patients decrease their carbs their glucose goes down, and they don't need as much insulin. So those insulin levels drop, and fast. And this is very important, because a study looking at our National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey data, better known as NHANES, showed that the single, biggest risk factor for coronary artery disease is insulin resistance. It is responsible for a whopping 42% of heart attacks. Low-carb intervention works so fast that we can literally pull people off of hundreds of units of insulin in days to weeks. One of my favorite stories is a very recent one. A young gal, but who had an almost 20-year history of type 2 diabetes, came in when a physician from another clinic told her she was just sick, and she'd probably get used to it. Her diabetes was way out of control. This despite the fact that she was on multiple medications, including almost 300 units of insulin, that was being injected into her continuously every day via a pump. All of this, remember, blood sugar still out of control. So we put her on a low-carb diet, and now let's fast-forward four months. She lost weight, yes, but, better than that, sick no more. Her blood sugar levels were now normal all of the time. This on, get this, no diabetes medication. Gone was the 300 units of insulin, no more insulin pump, no more pricking her finger multiple times each day, gone, all of it, no more diabetes. One of the greatest joys of my job is to be able to tell a patient like this that they no longer have diabetes, and we ceremoniously take it off their problem list together. So, are they cured, is this a miracle? We'll leave that grandstanding to Doctor Oz. Cured would imply that it can't come back. And if they start eating excessive carbs again, it will. So no not cured, but they don't have diabetes any longer. It's resolved, and it can stay that way as long as we keep away the cause. So, what does this look like then? How does somebody eat this way? Well, first, let me tell you what it's not. Low-carb is not zero carb, and it is not high protein. These are common criticism that are so frustrating because they are not true. Next, if we take the carbs out, what are we going to put in? Because, remember, there's only three macronutrients: if one goes down, one has to go up. My patients eat fat, and a lot of it. "What!?" you say. What's going to happen when you eat fat? Well, let me tell you, you're going to be happy, because fat tastes great, and it is incredibly satisfying. (Applause) (Laughter) But, remember, fat is the only macronutrient that's going to keep our glucose - blood sugar - and insulin levels low, and that is so important. So, I want you to now hear my simple rules for eating. These rules, you have to remember, are even going to be more important if you are one of the tens of millions of Americans who have trouble with insulin levels. Rule number one: If it says light, low fat or fat-free, stays in grocery store. because they took the fat out, they put carbs and chemicals in. Rule number two: Eat food. The most important rule in low-carb nutrition: Real food does not come in a box, and no-one should have to tell you real food is natural. You should know that when you look at it. Don't eat anything you don't like. And eat when you're hungry; don't eat when you're not, no matter what the clock says. And number five is a simple way to remember what we want to avoid. No GPS: no grains, no potatoes and no sugar. That last one is a biggie, right, no grains? Na, no grains. But we have to have them. Nope, they're a carb. But whole grains are so good for us. Well, first of all, there are actually very few foods out there that are truly whole grain even when they say they are. Most foods that purport themselves to be wholegrain are highly processed and the fiber benefit ruined. Or they're coming with highly refined flour, usually both of these things. So if you are one of the truly insulin-sensitive people, you can eat real, whole grain. But if you're in the enormous slice of our population with insulin issues, it's making things worse. So what if you are one of the real insulin-sensitive people? Can you still eat this way? Yes! I am a great example. Over a year ago I decided I would cut my carbs as low as I recommend to my diabetic patients. Now, it's not mandatory for my health like it is for theirs; I'm not insulin resistant, so would this be a problem? No! That's just the thing. Unless you have an exceedingly rare syndrome, then cutting carbs is going to be good for you, even if it's not necessary. I want to show you a couple of pictures of my radical food. So, this is a common breakfast in my house. So does it look like I just broke my own rule? I didn't because this muffin is made with coconut flour. I bake all the time still. I just use non-grain-based flours: coconut, almond, hazelnut, flax. They make delicious things. And this is a typical dinner in my house with a typical starch. That would be the sautéed mushrooms. No, my patients and I eat delightful food all of the time and enjoy it. But what about the research on this? I mean is this just anecdotal evidence now from my clinic? No! There are dozens of randomized controlled trials looking at low-carb intervention for things like diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, obesity. They're consistent. It works! There are even a large number of studies showing that low-carb nutrition decreases inflammatory markers, which is making it really exciting for diseases like cancer. We just finished a study in our clinic. And what we did is, we took 50 type 2 diabetic patients that were treated with our low-carb-high-fat-based program, and we compared them to 50 patients who were treated with the ADA guidelines. And after six months, not only did we find a significant metabolic advantage for the low-carb group, but, and let's face it, this is important, a huge cost savings. Our analysis showed that our patients could save over $2,000 a year just on the diabetes meds they were no longer taking. Just think how fast that adds up. We are in a diabetes epidemic now that we are spending $250 billion a year on in this country. So, I want to show you a slide now that demonstrates where those savings are coming from. So this is looking just at the insulin difference in the two groups after six months. And what we can see is that the low-carb group was able to decrease their insulin by almost 500 units a day. Whereas in the ADA treated group, they had to increase their insulin by almost 350 units a day. Two important things. Number one: Insulin is expensive. And number two: Not all the people in this study were even on insulin, which makes these results even more impressive. But what I would say is that this graph really represents two different approaches to treating this disease. The first, our group, with the goal of reversing disease, meaning they need less medicine. And the second group, which very clearly aligns with the ADA guidelines, which state that diabetes is a progressive disease, requiring more medicine over time. Progressive unless we take away the cause. So, what's the problem then? Why is this not everywhere? Why isn't low carb the norm? There's two big reasons. Number one: status quo. It is hard to break. There are many agendas involved. We got this notion that low fat was the way to go decades ago. But a recent study just came out showing that there was zero randomized control evidence to recommend to Americans to remove the fat from our diet. And that's how the carbs got added in. It was essentially a huge experiment on millions of people, and it failed miserably. The second reason we don't see it everywhere is money. Don't be fooled, there's a lot of money to be made from keeping you sick. And what we see is, with these specialty guideline panels, they are stacked with conflict of interest. So, the solution to the diabetes epidemic in my clinic is exceedingly clear: Stop using medicine to treat food. And for a disease whose root cause is carbohydrates, take away the carbohydrates, or at least cut them, so we can remember what we used to know. We knew it a long time ago, this was said thousands of years ago, and we need, in this day and age, to get back to that notion. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lillybyte [3 likes]: A few weeks ago, I went into the ER with enough sugar to kill someone or put two people in a coma... after emerg insulin + drip, told I was Type 2 Diabetic, was given Metformin and Insulin prescription, remembered this video I watched a decade ago on some random night... did some additional reading of science studies about insulin/body... not even 3 weeks later, my sugars are now just high-normal without Metformin or Insulin just by doing 5 things. 1) eating more meat, 2) eating more fats, 3) eating carbs last and never alone, 4) only cutting out big sugar like soda and pop tarts and orange juice, etc-- not cutting sugar out entirely, 5) 30 mins/day walking. There was no way I was ever maintaining any kind of "diet". So, I didn't eat less... or significantly changed what I ate, I just ate what I liked, but smarter. That, I can maintain forever. :)
  2. @meenamaini4374 [1 likes]: My fasting blood sugar is 124.please guide 🙏
  3. @Niko_UK61: So tragic that Sarah died of Ling Cancer in 2022, never having smoked a cigarette..
  4. @cells2cancer: She passed away on March 2022 at age 51 from stage IV lung cancer, despite never having smoked. So sad.
  5. @wisepati123: So sorry to read about her passing from lung cancer.
  6. @tribute1965: I love you Sarah, and I miss you. RIP
  7. @TomislavSkondro: man i hate her voice
  8. @pepper419: Drug companies have made billions of dollars making people believe this is a sickness.
  9. @pepper419: Low carb or No carb works for a lot more than just diabetes. It works for all the body.
  10. @Yvonne_Grammen: Dr. Richard K Bernstein's books confirm what she says.
  11. @SoreInMusic: About 2 years after this presentation she was diagnosed with lung cancer and passed away in 2022.
  12. @TedDobyns: Grain  Drain
  13. @GODISAMAZING-d4v: GOD rest her precious soul.
  14. @matthewcain2880: Ted talk speakers always speak so unnatural.
  15. @Navvi_: I don’t get it tho veggies have carbs so should I discontinue veggies
  16. @Beanie1984: very good video
  17. @1SpecialNeedsDad: I thought you needed carbs for hormone production?
  18. @meenamaini4374: My weight is kg, 96 age 55
  19. @SakariViitamäki: Tell me diabetes found 1770 Now Explain with DNA even that not proved schientifically. Inject foot flesh ten centimer After while fingertip ahaa Now ok Explain injection Cause through Thick flesh very instant cure. You must accept that Is a lie
  20. @Tingogsayoomen: 2025: Watching this because my boyfriend has a type 2 diabetes

- American Diabetes Association publishes new treatment guidelines: Kind: captions Language: en WILL AFFECT ALL TYPES OF DIABETES. GOOD EVENING, I'M MAURICE DUBOIS. >> WELCOME BACK. I'M KRISTINE JOHNSON. THE AMERICAN DIABETES ASSOCIATION HAS PUBLISHED NEW AND TREATMENT OF DIABETES. >> CBS2 EXPLAINS FOR MANY ADDITIONAL MEDICATION. >> Reporter: A CHRONIC INFECTION. DIABETES AFFECTS MILLION AMERICAN. ANOTHER 96 MILLION ARE PREDIABETIC. DOCTORS SAY CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE IS THE LEADING CAUSE OF DEATH FOR THOSE SUFFERING FROM WHY THE AMERICAN DIABETES PATIENTS HAVE AN LDL CHOLESTEROL OF 70 AND A BLOOD PRESSURE LESS THAN 1:30 OVER 80. OR TAKE ADDITIONAL MEDICATIONS. >> THE GOAL OF ADDING ON NEW MEDICATIONS OR ADDITIONAL MEDICATIONS IS TO TRY TO GET THOSE RISK FACTORS UNDER TIGHTER CONTROL. AND THE LONG-TERM AFFECTS >> Reporter: THE JUST RELEASED GUIDELINES APPLY TO THOSE SUFFERING FROM BOTH TYPE I AND TYPE II DIABETES. >> MANY OF THESE GUIDELINES WILL BE DIFFICULT TO MET WITHOUT THE USE OF DRUGS. AND FOR EXAMPLE ACHIEVING THE LDL CHOLESTEROL OF 55 ON YOUR OWN WILL NOT BE POSSIBLE FOR THE OVERWHELMING MAJORITY OF PEOPLE. >> Reporter: BUT DOCTORS SAY ADDITIONAL PRESCRIPTION DRUGS CAN ADD UP. ONE STRATEGY TO MITIGATE THAT IS TO FOCUS ON THE HEALTHIER LIFESTYLE. LOOK AT YOUR NUTRITION AND YOUR SLEEP AND YOUR EXERCISE AND YOUR PHYSICAL ACTIVITY. THE BETTER THAT YOU CAN DO IN ALL THOSE ASPECTS OF YOUR LIFE, THE HEALTHIER YOU'RE GOING TO BE, THE LESS MEDICATION YOU'LL NEED. >> Reporter: DR. KUMAR SAYS THERE WILL BE A GREATER EMPHASIS ON SUPPORTING HIGHER WEIGHT LOSS. THE BOTTOM LINE SHE SAYS, IT'S NOT JUST A DISEASE OF BLOOD SUGAR, BUT ONE THAT AFFECTS EVERY ORGAN OF YOUR BODY. CHRISTINE SLOAN CBS2 NEWS. >> 30% OF DIABETIC PATIENTS SUFFER FROM A KIDNEY CONDITION.

  Top Comments:
  1. @melaniebrooks7709 [1 likes]: its about money
  2. @cindysutter-h2h [1 likes]: i agre, cause for most of us don’t respond herbal or natural remedies! i think those tell yousee a certain doctor or company for tier natural remedies are just fronts for them. if you want to go that route, do your own searching.
  3. @rubygreta1 [1 likes]: Criminals.
  4. @Jeffrey...McDowell: And the American diabetes association is the most corrupt organization.  Getting paid to keep you sick because their recommendation guidelines keeps you engaged In habits that will keep you sick.
  5. @Jeffrey...McDowell: The food industry is making billions to keep you sick.. And profiting.
Billions In their pharmacy to keep Barely alive and buying medication.. It's simple research doctor Ken Berry and eat the proper human diet.. You won't need more medication
  6. @alanking51: As a type myself I have found the ada to be full of it.
  7. @bishsingh2719: Over the counter Continuous Glucose Monitors are a game changer for diabetes management.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NAR16VxnuQ
  8. @watchtellyinuk: Type 2 Diabetes is a scam.  90% of the population has it!!  So it's not a disease and Metformin works to make it WORSE.  Not sleeping well?  Metformin is to blame for SO MANY undocumented side effects.
  9. @tootieb624: American Diabetes Society
  10. @tricialinville4446: The cure is the carnivore diet, period!
  11. @ryanweaver962: Think about heart disease and diabetes and cancer and interrelations of disciplines and reimbursement... the crp and likelihoods of events.  Now, look at Value and values and fee for service and various models which overlay these matters.  We know monopolies don't work and health information matters... yet, communication is very needed in silo easing... and stuff and excelling has got to be paid for... the work of community connections and courses of human events.... we can work better ya'll... we are imperfect and yet.. some how beautiful... we don't have to give into cynicism... 

It's also true... work created and grown and then gong back to see the other efforts and works light up... kind of amazing... time and space
  12. @emanijeans: Medicate these nutts!!
  13. @jamesedwards2687: ADA. You’ve lost me as a believer in your erroneous recommendations.
  14. @sajadalaei-m2g: سیاهدانه وسبزیجات وپیاده روی درچمنزار وزمین فوتبال درمان دیابت استرس ممنوع
  15. @sunshinenorain: Eating meat, eggs, butter, and bacon will cure diabetes. See carnivore diet.
  16. @rogersweeney7071: https://www.youtube.com/live/Sp4cbbHaNEE?si=yNATRMkZGGDNsbWq
  17. @ShilpaSharma-go1xe: DIAB SALACIA CAPSULES FROM PLANET AYURVEDA IS WELLNESS COMBINATION FOR DIABETES
  18. @cindysutter-h2h: idid it all, diabetes insists on fighting with me every day. but i stay as strong as i can and have as many friends as posible fhat make me happy! i know that state of mind is part of our physical makeup!
  19. @cindysutter-h2h: see what i mean?!
  20. @cindysutter-h2h: i am trying to find the lates info on carb couting and diet. i’m not getting any younger.😊 my diabetes has changed a lot in the last 9 months! when i get sick or under severe stress, no matter wht i do or wht i do my numbers will go up very high and very low, this is driving me crazy! but life goes on and i just want to know if i’m doing things right. i know highs an d lows are doing damage all kinds of things in my body and i keep going to the endochronologist. he is an expert, so i trust him.  i just hope i don’t get ketoacidosis again. i’m very lucky that i survived so far. i hope someone sees this cause need to know about my carbs. by for now, cindy

- American Diabetes Association’s Newest Guideline on Diabetes Standards of Care 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Today we'll be going over the American Diabetes Association's newest guideline on diabetes standards of care 2026. The American Diabetes Association, also known as the ADA, standards of care and diabetes, referred to here as the standards of care, serves as a comprehensive resource to clinicians, researchers, policy makers, and other stakeholders. It outlines key elements of diabetes care, sets treatment goals, and provides tools to assess care quality, all directed at improving diabetes care and outcomes across diverse populations. In today's rapid update video, we'll just be going over the key changes and recommendations that were added to this 2026 update. For the full summary of revisions or for the full guideline, make sure to check it out on guidelines central.com. Let's get started. For the section on diagnosis and classification of diabetes, recommendation 2.9 was added to highlight that people with a confirmed single I A2 auto antibbody should be monitored similarly to people with stage 2 type 1 diabetes but negative for IA2 auto antibodies as they have a comparable risk of progression to stage three. Recommendation 2.18 was added to reinforce monitoring of postprandial or random plasma glucose in the setting of recurrent or long-term treatment with gluccocorticoids. Recommendation 2.19 was added to underscore the role of counseling and education regarding the risk of hypoglycemia in people initiating treatment with immune checkpoint inhibitors PI3Ka inhibitors and other anti-cancer therapy medications. Recommendation 2.20 was added to provide guidance regarding plasma glucose monitoring at each visit in people treated with immune checkpoint inhibitors. Recommendation 2 point recommendation 2.21 21 was added to emphasize close monitoring of plasma glucose in people initiating treatment with PI3Ka inhibitors which are associated with a particularly high risk of hypoglycemia during the first weeks of treatment. Recommendation 2.22 was added to prompt fasting or random plasma glucose monitoring at each visit in people treated with mamalian target of rampa mison inhibitors. Moving on to the section on prevention or delay of diabetes and associated coorbidities. Recommendation 3.8 was added to recommend considering using metformin to prevent hypoglycemia in high-risisk individuals treated with a PI3Ka inhibitor. Recommendation 3.9 was added to recommend considering using metformin to prevent hypoglycemia in high-risisk individuals treated with highdosese gluccocorticoids. for comprehensive medical evaluation and assessment of coorbidities. Recommendation 4.13b was added to state that treatment may be considered in adults with diabetes with a t-core between -2.0 and -2.5 in the presence of additional fracture risk. Then onto the section on glycemic goals, hypoglycemia and hypoglycemic crises. Recommendation 6.17 was added to promote inclusion of oral glucose in first aid kits for use in treating hypoglycemia in workplaces, schools, and other institutions and public settings. For diabetes technology, recommendation 7.7 was added and discusses older students regarding receiving support in school and work regarding diabetes technology. Recommendation 7.8A 8A was added and states that there should be no requirement of ceptide level, the presence of eyelet auto antibodies or duration of insulin treatment before initiation of CSI or AID for obesity and weight management for the prevention and treatment of diabetes. Recommendation 8.20 was added to state that the individualized dose and dose titration for obesity phicotherapy should balance efficacy, benefits, and tolerability. Recommendation 8.29 was added to include GLP1RA based therapy and or metabolic surgery as treatment options for obesity in people with type 1 diabetes. Onto the section pharmacologic approaches to glycemic treatment. Recommendation 9.9A was added to recommend the use of a dual glucose- dependent insulinotropic polyeptide and GLP1RA with demonstrated benefits for heart failure related symptoms and reduction in heart failure events. Recommendation 9.33 was added to recommend the assessment of these individuals for the need of insulin therapy to prevent potential diabetic ketoacidosis and to use additional testing to determine if hypoglycemia is related to imunotherapy associated diabetes. Recommendations 9.34 and 9.35A state that metformin should be considered as first-line treatment. And recommendation 9.35B states that insulin should be reserved for severe hypoglycemia and hypoglycemic crisis due to its potential impact on PI3K inhibitor efficacy. Recommendation 9.36 was added to recommend adjustment or initiation of additional glucose lowering therapies to maintain in individualized glycemic goals based on the gluccocorticoid treatment plan and ongoing assessment of glucose levels. Recommendation 9.37 was added to recommend that insulin is preferred and that a depth peptidase for inhibitor can be considered for mild hypoglycemia. Recommendation 9.38A states that non-inssulin phicotherapy can be used and that the selection of medication may be contingent upon the transplanted organs. Recommendation 9.38B states that AGLP1RA can be considered due to additional cardioabolic benefits. Recommendation 9.38C was added to recommend the addition of insulin to non-inssulin phicotherapy if individualized long-term glycemic goals cannot be achieved or maintained for cardiovascular disease and risk management. Recommendation 10.44H was added to recommend a non-steroidal MRA with proven benefit in reducing worsening heart failure events for people with diabetes and symptomatic stage C heart failure with an ejection fraction of greater than 40%. For chronic kidney disease and risk management, recommendation 11.9 was added. This recommendation states that simultaneous initiation of an SGLT2 inhibitor and NSMR can be considered for individuals with type 2 diabetes and urine albumin to creatinin ratio of greater than or equal to 100 mg per gram with an EGFR of 30 to 90 ml over 1.73 m squared on an RA inhibitor. Recommendation 11.11 was added to address SGLT2 inhibitor use in individuals who are not on dialysis to reduce the risk of CKD progression and for cardiovascular benefits. Recommendation 11.11b was added to provide guidance on initiation or continuation of GLP1based therapy in individuals on dialysis to reduce cardiovascular risk. And last, the section on diabetes care in the hospital. Recommendation 16.14 suggests an A1C goal of less than 8% within 3 months of elective surgery. Alternatively, a 14-day glucose management indicator goal of less than 8% or time in range of greater than 50% can also be used. Recommendation 16.15 was added to advise a blood glucose range of 100 to 180 mg per deciliter during the peroperative period. And there you have it. Make sure to check out the full guideline and other related clinical tools from the American Diabetes Association at guidelines central.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vincentgraffeo9030 [2 likes]: Great education. Thanks for the updates.

- Fresh data shows number of new diabetes cases falling in US | Al Jazeera English: Kind: captions Language: en the growth of diabetes has been described as a full-blown epidemic not just in the US but around the world but the latest statistics indicate the disease may have reached a turning point here in the US from 1991 to 2008 new adult cases jump from over half a million to more than 1.7 million but since then there's been a year-by-year decline to about 1.4 Million last year researchers can't say whether the disease has simply peaked or that the credit goes to healthier eating and drinking but Americans are drinking less sugary sodas average calories consumed by adults and children are down and obesity rates driven by type 2 diabetes are stable still more than one in every 10 adult Americans are diagnosed as diabetic and that's twice the rate as in the early 1990s and while fewer whites are Contracting the disease significant progress has not been seen among Black and Hispanic Americans

  Top Comments:
  1. @beatricejohn7342: Seeing lots of testimonies about this Dr Igudia on YouTube for permanent eradication to Diabetes disease not until i had to give it a try and my health was restored back to normal thanks Dr Igudia
  2. @meezasally878: u introduced that nasty sugary stuff to d world nd held yourselves back while d rest just consumed totally out of ignorrance.
  3. @stangeriam: Perhaps people are beginning to figure out our bodies should not be used
as a garbage dispenser..
sad that most people take better care of their vehicles than they do their own body..

- Diabetes diagnoses on the rise in US children: Kind: captions Language: en An increasing number of US children are being diagnosed with diabetes, and the issue appears to be worse in minority kids. A new study looked at diabetes diagnosis rates from 2002 to 2012 in five major ethnic groups across the US. It's the first to estimate diabetes diagnosis trends in the nation's youth. The increase in type 1 diabetes diagnoses was larger in boys than in girls, and Hispanic children saw the largest annual increase. As for type 2 diabetes, Native American youth saw the largest increase in diagnoses, but the researchers say those rates can't be generalized to all Native American kids nationwide. Asian-Americans saw the second highest rate of new diagnoses. Unlike with type 1 diabetes, girls saw a much larger increase in type 2 diabetes than boys. The findings raise more questions than answers. The researchers aren't sure why this trend is happening or why certain ethnic groups seem more affected than others.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lSeKToRl [1 likes]: Refined sugar in cheaper food. Thank you corporate America and republican party!
  2. @realmthingyboi: lolololololololo imagine

- Diabetes on the rise in young people | FOX 13 Seattle: Kind: captions Language: en LGBT Q youth and other marginalized communities Research suggesting that the number of young people in the US with diabetes is likely to surge in future decades with as much as a quarter of a million people under the age of 20, suffering from Type two diabetes. By the year 2060. That is a nearly 700% increase. And the Fox Medical teams of Dr Mike is here this morning to break down more of these findings for us, Dr Mike Good morning to you. And this is alarming . What is the cause here? And how can we prevent this from happening to our kids? Well, there's a number of causes Bill. It's probably related to the uptick in obesity. The numbers of Children that are considered obese and overweight is dramatically going up. In fact, the American Academy of Pediatrics just a week or two ago came out with those new guidelines, saying, We need to take this seriously Dietary intervention exercise early on not just lip service. You need to do it even And consider medications and surgery over the age of 12 and 13, so that that's a major part of this. The other is environment, at least in the Philadelphia area where I live. There are areas where you can't find. I had a broccoli bill, you can find a lot of highly processed packaged foods but try to find good, wholesome. Fruits and vegetables. Forget about it so that those are the issues and that's why we're going to see this tremendous uptick in diabetes, which is no fun for anyone if we are parents of a child that is putting on some extra pounds, what would you suggest we do to sort of curb that trend? Well for instance, so with with my kids, they drink flavored, naturally flavored sparkling water as opposed to soda. We don't or pop. We don't have any of that in our house. We have done that since day one. In fact, they don't drink that stuff because they haven't acquired a taste for it. That's one thing now, Bill you'll love this. Last night, I cooked up on the grill, some halibut and plank salmon managed not to kill my family. Family with food poisoning, but what I was doing was modeling. That behavior and getting kids to eat my Children to eat healthy so that they can live long lives and what I say invest in their health for 01 K did that. How did that go? Did did they eat up all the fish? They did. Yes they did. Now I must say in full transparency. See my wife's a vegetarian bill. I did cook up a little door rock in the bone pork, you know, and boy that was good . But look, that's why show that I'll be out of here before she is. But look, you gotta do what you gotta do Victories you gotta do, but the kids ate the fish. Absolutely. Alright, Doctor, Mike, Great to have you as

  Top Comments:
  1. @raintime9362: Sooo I was 8 months old 😅
  2. @roryteal5940: Bad diet yes but also the jabs especially c19 mrna jabs
  3. @antoninababiy753: It’s all generic modified food! It’s poison to pancreas
  4. @jq5843: 10000% standard American diet. Poisoning us with food. Drug companies celebrating.

- What is Diabetes?: Type 1 Diabetes Education from Phoenix Children's: Kind: captions Language: en what is diabetes if someone is diagnosed with diabetes it means there is too much sugar in their blood this is also known as high blood sugar to understand exactly what this means let's take a look at what happens when we eat food we eat food to get energy for our body most energy comes from carbohydrates in our food when we eat carbohydrates our body's digestive system breaks it down into sugar then the sugar moves from our digestive system into our blood when the sugar is in the blood we call it blood sugar another name for blood sugar is glucose now the reason sugar is in the blood is because it needs to get to all of the cells of the body so it can be used as energy each cell has a special pathway that lets sugar into the cell you can think of it like a door but this door is always locked and the cell only lets sugar in if there is a key to unlock the door this key is called insulin insulin is a special hormone that moves through our blood to unlock cells so sugar can get inside the cells once it's inside our cells turn sugar into the energy that they need so where does insulin come from insulin is made in the pancreas if we look a little closer we can see insulin is actually made in special cells of the pancreas called beta cells these are the only cells in the body that can make insulin when the pancreas is working correctly it makes just the right amount of insulin to get the sugar from our bloodstream into our cells in someone who has type 1 diabetes the pancreas stops making insulin the doors to the cells stay locked and the sugar cannot get inside the cells to make energy and the sugar stays in the blood this is what it looks like inside someone who has diabetes this video series is about type 1 diabetes in children type 2 diabetes is a different type of diabetes in type 2 diabetes the body can still make insulin but it doesn't make enough and the insulin doesn't work very well this means not enough sugar can get into the cells and too much sugar stays in the blood this video series will only focus on type 1 diabetes in children what causes type 1 diabetes here's what happens usually our body's immune system protects us by fighting bacteria and viruses the immune system destroys bacteria and viruses to keep us healthy but in type 1 diabetes the person's immune system makes a mistake diabetes happens when the immune system attacks the cells inside the pancreas that make insulin it is a mistake but slowly the immune system will destroy these cells unfortunately there is no cure yet that will stop the immune system or replace the beta cells of the pancreas that have been attacked how do we treat type 1 diabetes we just saw how in someone with type 1 diabetes the pancreas is not putting any insulin into the blood so what do we need we need insulin from somewhere else this is why insulin injections are the treatment for type 1 diabetes insulin injections add insulin to the body and gets the sugar from our bloodstream into our cells so our body is able to make energy in the videos that follow you will learn how to check your child's blood sugar and calculate the right amount of insulin that your child needs if you have any questions ask your diabetes team

- Diabetes rates for Native American youths on the rise: Kind: captions Language: en THOSE NUMBERS ARE INCREASING. >> MORE AND MORE YOUNG PEOPLE ARE BEING DIAGNOSED WITH DIABETES ACCORDING TO A STUDY PUBLISHED IN THE NEW ENGLAND JOURNAL OF MEDICINE. RESEARCHERS ANALYZED INFORMATION FROM NEARLY FIVE MILLION PEOPLE UNDER THE AGE OF TWENTY. THEY FOUND THAT RATES OF NEW TYPE-TWO DIABETES CASES INCREASED BY ABOUT FOUR-POINT-EIGHT% EVERY YEAR BETWEEN 2002 AND 2012. RATES OF NEW TYPE-ONE DIABETES CASES INCREASED BY ONE-POINT-EIGHT% YEARLY OVER THE SAME TIME PERIOD. RESEARCHERS NOTE DIFFERENCES AMONG ETHNIC GROUPS AND GENDERS. FOR EXAMPLE, RATES OF NEW CASES OF TYPE TWO DIABETES DID NOT INCREASE SIGNIFICANTLY FOR WHITE YOUTHS, BUT INCREASED BY NEARLY NINE% FOR NATIVE AMERICANS ON RESERVATIONS IN ARIZONA AND NEW MEXICO. AND THE RATE OF NEW CASES OF TYPE ONE DIABETES WAS HIGHER AMONG YOUNG MEN THAN YOUNG WOMEN, WHILE THE REVERSE WAS . FOR NEW CASES OF TYPE TWO DIABETES. >> THE PROBLEM IS THIS BODY SHOULD. IT CAUSES INSULIN RESISTANCE. THIS OBESITY IS PART OF THE ECONOMIC. THAT IS WHY IN NEW MEXICO, PEOPLE WHO WERE POOR DON'T HAVE ACCESS TO HEALTH.

- Diabetes Affects Half of American Adults: Kind: captions Language: en well in health news half of all adults in America either have diabetes or pre-diabetes a new study finds that 12 to 14% of adults were diagnos diagnosed with diabetes in 2012 the latest year for which statistics are available most of that is type 2 diabetes which is linked to obesity and a lack of physical activity and another 40% of adults have pre-diabetes which means they have higher blood sugar levels that could lead to full full full-fledged diabetes but Studies have shown that changes in your lifestyle can delay or prevent the onset of diabetes

- Diabetes: Pathophysiology, Signs/Symptoms, Labs, Treatment & more - Medical-Surgical | @LevelUpRN: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. In this video, we are going to talk about diabetes mellitus, and this is a super-important topic. If you're in nursing school, you will definitely be asked lots of questions about diabetes on your nursing exams. And then as a practicing nurse, you will be taking care of many patients with diabetes, in all likelihood. So diabetes has a lot of different comorbidities that it causes, so individuals with diabetes are hospitalized more than other people. So it's important to understand this disease inside and out so that you can properly care for your patients and educate them. So in this video, we are going to talk about the pathophysiology of diabetes. We're going to talk about risk factors as well as signs and symptoms, labs, and diagnosis of diabetes, as well as foot care and illness care. Diabetes causes chronic hyperglycemia, so increased blood glucose levels, due to insufficient insulin production by the pancreas and/or insulin resistance of the cells in the body. So insulin is kind of like an escort, and it helps to bring glucose from the bloodstream into the cells. So if there's not enough insulin, then glucose can't get it to the cells and it builds up in the bloodstream. So there are three types of diabetes, type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. With type 1, we have destruction of the beta cells in the pancreas due to an autoimmune dysfunction, and this leads to a lack of insulin secretion by the pancreas. So patients with type 1 diabetes, they are insulin dependent. They will require insulin for the rest of their lives in order for that glucose to get from the bloodstream into the cells. Then we have type 2 diabetes. This is where we have progressive insulin resistance and decreased insulin production from the pancreas. And this typically occurs later in life, but not always. So we definitely are seeing increased incidences of juvenile diabetes. Risk factors associated with type 2 diabetes includes obesity, inactivity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, genetics, and race. So patients that are African American, Hispanic, or American Indian, they are definitely at higher risk for diabetes. The third type of diabetes is gestational diabetes. So this is where the placental hormones counteract insulin, and this results in glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Alright. Now, let's talk about the signs and symptoms of diabetes, which are basically the signs and symptoms of hyperglycemia. There's a lot to remember but they're all here on the back of card 44. Let's first talk about the three P's, polydipsia, polyphagia, and polyuria. Poly means a lot or many. So with diabetes, we're going to have a lot of thirst, a lot of hunger, and a lot of urine. Other symptoms include weight loss, warm and dry skin. So the way I remember the skin symptom is, "Warm and dry, sugar's high. Cold and clammy, needs some candy." So we'll talk about that cold and clammy skin when we cover hypoglycemia, but for hyperglycemia, the skin will be warm and dry. Other symptoms include dehydration - which you may see weak pulses and decreased skin turgor in a patient with dehydration - fruity breath, Kussmaul respirations. So with Kussmaul respirations, we have increased rate and depth of respirations. Other signs and symptoms include nausea and vomiting, weakness, and lethargy. So in terms of diagnosis of diabetes, if the patient has two or more of the following labs on separate days, then that is indicative of diabetes. So these labs include a casual blood glucose over 200, a fasting blood glucose over 126, glucose over 200 with an oral glucose tolerance test or an Hgb A1c over 6.5%. So again, if they have two or more of those over separate days, then they would be diagnosed with diabetes. In terms of treatment, insulin is definitely an important one to remember. If your patient is type 1, that is all they're going to be getting, right? They're insulin dependent. Type 1 diabetic patients cannot take oral diabetic medications. They require insulin. If your patient is type 2, they can take insulin, but they can also receive oral antidiabetic medications. So when we are treating diabetes, our goal is to try to get the Hgb A1c under 7%. So that Hgb A1c result really tells us a lot about the patient's blood glucose levels over the past two, three months, as opposed to just doing a spot check on the blood glucose. It just tells you how that glucose is doing right then and there. That Hgb A1c is a more indicative result on how the patient has been managing their diabetes over the last several months. So that's going to be an important one to watch for, and our goal is to get that under 7%. So finally, let's talk about foot care and illness care, which are some important teaching you'll need to provide your diabetic patient. So with foot care, as a wound nurse, I see lots and lots of diabetic foot ulcers that often lead to amputations. It's a huge complication of diabetes, so we need our diabetic patients to take care of their feet. So some of the education you should provide your diabetic patients include that they need to inspect their feet daily. Using a mirror, they should always check their shoes for objects before putting their feet in there because that can cause damage. They should apply moisturizer to their feet but not between the toes because putting it between the toes can result in athlete's foot, which is basically a fungal infection. They should wear cotton socks, as opposed to synthetic socks, and they definitely need to wear closed-toe shoes. So they should not go barefoot or wear open-toed shoes, and their shoes need to be fitted properly. Ideally, they would go see their podiatrist and get some special properly-fitted shoes to help protect their feet. They should cut their toe nails straight across. They shouldn't round them on the sides because that can cause hangnails, which can lead to really complicated infections. They should also not used over-the-counter products for corn or callus removal. And then finally, they should not use heating pads on their feet because diabetic patients have decreased sensation in their extremities. So if that heating pad is too hot, it can burn them and cause damage. And they won't even know because they can't really feel it. In terms of illness care, this is definitely important. So I share an office with the diabetic educators at my hospital. And when patients get sick, they are much more likely to have life-threatening complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, or DKA. So when your patient is sick, they need to monitor their blood glucose levels more frequently. They should not skip insulin when they're sick. And they also need to test their urine for ketones because if there is ketones in the urine, that could indicate that they have DKA. Also, when the patient is sick, it's important to prevent dehydration. So they should drink about 3 liters of water per day to prevent that dehydration. And then they should notify their provider if their illness lasts for more than one day, if they have a temperature over 38.6 degrees Celsius, if their blood glucose levels are over 250 or if their urine is positive for ketones. Okay, so I know there's a lot of information in this video. I hope it's helpful. In my next video, we will go over complications and critical-care topics related to diabetes. Thank you so much for watching. If you have found value in these videos, be sure to like us, like the video, leave a comment. And be sure to subscribe as well to our channel. Thanks so much for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TashaJanine [92 likes]: Thank you so much Cathy you definitely got me through nursing school and a few weeks ago I passed my NCLEX. I had to come back to thank you for making a difference, keep doing what you’re doing...it’s working 💕
  2. @YourHealthPartnerPro [3 likes]: This video is very easy to understand and detailed; thank you for making complex knowledge so simple!
  3. @TeaTreeTerrific [1 likes]: Dear Diabetes,

I do not want you 
living in my body anymore.

I am tired 
of negotiating with you, tracking you, managing you, bracing for you. 

I am tired 
of feeling like my body is betraying me 
when I know it has been trying to survive 
for a very long time.

I know you did not appear out of nowhere. 

I know you grew in the soil of stress, trauma, exhaustion, 
and years of living in emergency mode. I understand that. But understanding you 
does not mean accepting you 
as permanent.

You are not my identity.
You are not my destiny.
You are not a life sentence.

I am asking you 
to loosen your grip.

I am not declaring war on my body. 

I am choosing cooperation instead of punishment. 


I will not starve myself, shame myself, or terrorize my nervous system 
in the name of controlling you. That only feeds the conditions that allowed you to settle in.

I am choosing steadiness.
I am choosing consistency over extremes.
I am choosing to regulate my nervous system 
so my cells can remember safety 
instead of scarcity.

I am giving my liver, my muscles, my pancreas, and my blood 
the conditions they need 
to work together again.  
Not violently. But persistently.

You are allowed to leave in stages.
You are allowed to reverse gradually.
You are allowed to become irrelevant.

I am not afraid of the work ahead. 
I am afraid of staying frozen. 
And I am choosing movement.

You do not get to run my life.

I am reclaiming my body
  4. @TeaTreeTerrific [1 likes]: That does not happen unless the system is healing. 
The remedies are not stirring chaos, 
they are exposing and discharging layers 
that have been frozen for decades, 
and that is exactly what a correct protocol does. 

Nothing here says “wrong path”; 
everything says “deep work unfolding.” 

Rest now. 

The healing continues while you sleep.
  5. @Hanginwithkristen [1 likes]: I am a group leader for my small group in class and I always make them a playlist with only your videos. It helps us get our mind in the right spot before exams. Thankyou for all you do for us future nurses.
  6. @LarissaWaters-kr8le [1 likes]: I completely changed my diet after my heart attack and found out I was pre diabetic. I've been eating these exact foods and I'm already down 25 pounds! I was never obese, but I was overweight
  7. @OrionCaldwell [1 likes]: Great information!
  8. @Sabrina_MI: Type 1: DKA
Type 2: HHS
  9. @CMP53154: Disgusting
  10. @ShirleyPotts-ud3nb: Great video.
  11. @SuLattPhyo-v6m: Thanks it helps me a lot ❤
  12. @MazalaChibanga: Am interested what a good teacher
  13. @skyeundergrace: Bless you :)
  14. @shirine5015: thank you for your service. also you should add how to deal with hypoglycemia with a patient at home, and an NPO patient 🤍
  15. @mathewduut-tx2dy: Hi😊
  16. @TruemaTY: The medical professionals always mention that certain races are more prone to having some form of ailment. One thing is that they never mention why for clarity sake just as in this video. Just being curios WHY??????????????
  17. @Medinitials: https://youtu.be/BdUhg9I20hM?si=ie5HzNP6lbRaAzRh
  18. @rowlandluv2liv: Improve the health of humanity.

Expand Your INDEPENDENT THINKING  :)

Really Ask Yourself and Your Peers to Evaluate the following             Atoms do not Equal Energy 

REAL PREVENTATIVE MEDICINE starts with, How We Breathe (extrapolate the premise)   

How have we, Individual Humans, been duped into NOT KNOWING How to Breathe  to control your PSNS - thus improve health and function??? 

Adults can decide everything that we Put into Our Mouth and HOW WE THE ENTIRE BODY    Harness innate ability to Control Your Breath.  

How we use our body to fuel cellular function,  hmm  The way we BREATHE       You get to decide

Teach Yourself what You Already Know but have been distracted from realizing, implementing and sharing humanity.                                                

FIRST   Exhale through soft-kiss pursed lips of your mouth    take TWICE as LONG to Exhales through your mouth as the slow gentle INHALE  through your nost

Think about it   Try It    Share it          With Our Breathing we optimize cellular function and best prime the body to best handle any challenge.

With each exhale we stimulate the PSNS  Our Rest and Digest portion of Nervous System          

Gentle Prolonged Exhales   Try it for yourself. Slow Your Heart Rate for a more efficient Fill.  Expand / dilate your every blood vessel-  

Expand Your THINKING reverting to what you have learning in Biology and Chemistry

Just Exhale through the mouth, inhale through the nose.  We may just find our back to feeling good in our skin.      

Ultimately freeing ourself from this near constant state of stress we unwittingly perpetrate against ourself e.g. FUEL YOUR BODY FIT

FUEILING YOUR BODY FIT STARTS AND CONTINUES WITH HOW WE CHOOSE TO BREATHE.   

We Humans must exercise our freedom to BREATHE how to improve our everything.   Each of us on this Marble possess the FREEDOM on We choose to breathe- 

Doctors and all humans - Expand Your thinking of what you know-first come back to the BASICS Think of what you learning in Chem and Bio - 
Get Heath Literate by checking out 

How breathing and metabolism are interconnected | Ruben Meerman | TEDxBundaberg             https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nM-ySWyID9o

and Mr. James Nestor's  BREATH Book                          

You don't have to wait 4-6-10 years to improve the health of humanity   

You may find yourself choosing to help yourself, your loved-ones and human vs perpetuating "sick-care Industry Propagandized falsehood that health depends on a PILL.
  19. @Mar-vu5mb: Thank you!
  20. @maculeedieujuste2367: thank you

- The concerning state of diabetes in the U.S.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] according to the CDC approximately 30 million Americans have diabetes and there are they are two to four times more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than people who don't have it now joining us from Washington DC to discuss the available yet underutilized resource the diabetes patients should consult as pharmacist heather free good morning Heather hi Alex thank you for having me nice to have you on it's an important thing that we're spotlighting today so let's start basic for people who may not know what's the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes sure and type 1 diabetes insulin is an issue your body's not producing in the insulin and type 2 diabetes you're producing insulin but not enough insulin and the importance of insulin is to connect with the sugar that's in your bloodstream to help transport it to all your other various organs to provide energy so it can do its function got it and I kind of mentioned this a little bit but what's the real correlation between diabetes and cardiovascular disease sure we're going to go back to the the sugar inside the bloodstream as a simple example a lot of times people associate sugar with diabetes so we got that one under control but what happens when that sugar builds up inside the bloodstream it can cause a whole array of other factors to contribute to cardiovascular disease such as high blood pressure when that sugar is building up inside the blood vessels the blood flow is a little bit more constricted when that happens the heart starts pumping harder and harder which rises the blood pressure so now you have high blood sugar you have high blood pressure and in addition to that sometimes that sugar inside your blood vessel becomes very sticky it starts sticking to the arteries and the veins so they're inside your body that builds up clapton plaque and when the plaque or cholesterol becomes an issue it causes even more constriction on the blood flow leading to a heart attack or even stroke for patients well I'm sure that sounds terrifying for many people so if left undiagnosed what's the real impact that it's going to have on somebody's life if it's undiagnosed you can lead to death but even more cumbersome is it shaves off times of your life so a diagnosed patient that is a diabetic by the age of 60 they've shaved off six years of their life if they're a diabetic patient at the age of 60 that's how the history of a cardiovascular event such as stroke or heart attack then you've shaved off about 12 years of your life so it decreases your life expectancy completely Wow and so you're here to tell us that patients should really be consulting with their pharmacist why is that pharmacists can play an integral role in your health care to help manage your diabetes we our medication experts that know a lot about the right medication for the right reason we can educate you about side effects how to manage those side effects even the simple is using your blood glucose meter the meter is important in helping to control your sugar and understand your sugar what is affecting it is it more management that we need or is a diet and exercise that can play an important role well and I'm sure there's a lot of questions on you know in many people's minds what should I be asking the pharmacist where can I go for resources so if people have questions this was somewhere online they can go to get those answered they can go the pharmacist calm to learn more about diabetes and ask more questions about diabetes okay pharmacist heather free thank you so much for joining us thank you have a good day you too stay right where you are we'll be right back you

- How diabetes disproportionately affects the African American community: Kind: captions Language: en and to your health today, April as minority health month. Today we're focusing on diabetes in the african-american community. Joining us live is doctor Melendez, a brown by the program medical director at Miami Valley North hospital. Thank you so much for joining us. Doctors Abram. But what can you tell us about the disparity in the african-american community when it comes to diabetes. thanks for having me. So approximately 4.9 million African Americans have diabetes in the United States making up about 19% of the african-american population. Which you can pair non-hispanic whites is about 7%. So definitely a big difference. Approximately 77% more of risk of type 2 diabetes. If you're african-american. And it's also having a very significant impact on mortality rates as well. Correct. Absolutely. There's increased risk going into 9 houses, hospitalization. And then of course also death. proactive about their health knowing that they might be more susceptible to diabetes. So some of the risk factors african-american but also being overweight and you have a history of high blood pressure. You also have a very, very high chance of having diabetes. If you in runs in your family history. So I recommend to patients to know their status make sure that they're getting their regular checkups with their because I'm one of the biggest things is to find out soon so that you can make a difference on here. Outcomes later on. To find out if your higher risk that make sense. Last question for you. Doctors have Grandma what can health care directors or employers, perhaps too, to help their employees are people in their community be proactive about their health. So one of the biggest things that can help with diabetes. You know what you're diagnosed to help control. It is to remain active. So programs that keep their employees moving. Also making sure that you have healthy options because diet and exercise bill certainly play a significant role in both developing and the course of diabetes. Island is a Grandma from Miami Valley hospital nor thanks much for joining us to talk about this plenty more to come here on 5 on 2,

  Top Comments:
  1. @okoliesamuel3844: Dr IGUDIA on YouTube medication is indeed the best treatment to Diabetes disease. I’m a living testimony to his medication
  2. @carmenfredrick9825: I thank Dr okouromi on YouTubefor curing me from diabetes

- American Diabetes Month 2023: Kind: captions Language: en November is American Diabetes month but we're not here to celebrate it not when diabetes is gripping us and hurting us at the American Diabetes Association we're here to make a stand join us add your passion lift up your loved ones and those in need and move us closer to aure someday we can celebrate until then we [Applause] fight and

- American Diabetes Month® 2025: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Sometimes winning [music] is simply a matter of not quitting, getting up when others [music] might stay down. In our [music] 85 years, we've had a lot of wins, but we've never rested because our battle goes on. And every day, [music] we get back up doing the work that adds up over time. So, for [music] this American Diabetes Month, we're recognizing all those getting up alongside us, gathering their hope, and staying in the fight [music] to end diabetes because it matters. It all matters. We are the American Diabetes Association. Join us in [music] the fight this American Diabetes Month. Donate at diabetes.org.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MUSTAFA-g8z2l: 🎉🎉

- The American Diabetes Association’s Standards of Care in Diabetes—2024: Kind: captions Language: en welcome everyone to today's webinar uh it is entitled The American Diabetes association's standards of care and diabetes 2024 and the webinar is brought to you by the no diabetes by heart uh which is an initiative jointly by the American Diabetes Association and the American Heart Association um the purpose uh today of this webinar is to highlight uh the important updates to this year's standards of care and diabetes and how these changes will impact you as clinicians to be able to deliver better care for your patients H and there'll be a particular focus on um the intersection of type two diabetes cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease the the standards of care is is a living document each year it's updated uh based on all of the available evidence and we at times we'll even update it within a Year's period because there's so much advances happening in the world of diabetes it's it's intended to provide uh clinicians and Health Care Professionals uh patients insurers uh researchers and uh all really uh uh interested individuals with the latest information and guidance on what the the best care looks like and what the recommendations are to be able to deliver that um and and so uh you can see here there are a number of resources lift listed for allow you to do a a deeper dive into all of the material that is made up of the standards of care we made a very conscious effort to uh provide this information in a variety of different formats I highly recommend downloading the app not only does it have the standards of care and a number of important figures available but lots of other information of how you can access professional education in a variety of different ways so I'd like to recognize the uh the no diabetes by heart founding sponsor Novo Nordisk and national sponsor bear for their support thank you so much no diabetes by heart uh website is uh really chalk full of valuable information they're downloadable materials and support for your practice uh uh guidelines past webinars and podcasts the current program that we're about to deliver here uh does not offer any cus but it still be lots of valuable information um and at the end we'll be hosting a question and answer session so um on your device look for the Q&A and then you can pop in your questions and then we'll take as many as we can at the end of the program here are the faculty disclosures and uh I should introduce myself uh uh my name is Bob gab I am the chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association a practicing endocrinologist and uh so pleased to be moderating this discussion and I am thrilled to have this an incredible expert here uh Dr Dennis brummer um he's a staff cardiologist and uh director of the Center for cardiometabolic Health uh and professor of medicine at the Cleveland Clinic learner school of medicine at Case Western Reserve medical school um he specializes in preventive Cardiology has a great deal of expertise also in echocardiog ecro cardiography and uh he he is in a way the perfect person to be talking about this issue because he is board certified in both Cardiology or cardiovascular disease and endocrinology and so um he really represents what the no diabetes by heart initiative is all about so without further Ado let me turn it over to you Dr broer thank you so much Dr agab for hosting this and for the introduction and those kinds word kind words I would like to First actually congratulate the American Diabetes Association and the no diabetes by heart team and cab collaboration with the American Heart Association I think this is um really a very timely and important collab collaboration to bring endocrinologists and cardiologists and Primary Care Providers and nephrologists and all um subsp specialty groups to the same table and try to treat diabetes and its complication better I would also like to congratulate the Ada for putting out these guidelines that I was privileged to be part of I think it's fair to say that there is no other similar guideline that I'm aware of in in the medical profession which is updated annually and then by anually with the living standards and um reviews every year the evidence to change management to current um knowledge really so I think when I just present some of this today I certainly speak on behalf of my colleagues of the um committee which um sets these guidelines forth and has been spending endless hours working on these recommendations and reviewing the evidence so I will really focus today on the cardiovascular disease and risk management section that is a section 10 and I I really want to highlight a few points um I would say the key changes that occurred in the past two years where which have been substantial for the care we've changed the blood pressure recommendation we've changed the lipid recommendation we've changed the treatment recommendation using cardioprotective agents and we have also changed now this year um added some additional screening recommendations so I will highlight those going through um the guidelines and then we will sort of close with a brief case and we'll have some quizzes and some questions and audio response system where we can all participate in looking at this so the first and I think this is really one of the key messages of the guideline comprehensive care is absolutely pertinent and this has been shown in many lines of evidence that if we treat the lipids if we treat the blood pressure if we manage blood sugar and now on top of that we use the Right medical regimen proven cardiovascular benefit then patients with diabetes actually do very well this has been shown in large analysis and I think um this is really key so what we will discuss I will go over a few points we'll talk about the blood pressure the lipids and the um cardiovascular medications for um type two diabetes and then again close with a case so in terms of blood pressure management one of the key changes that we actually made previously previously based on evidence was that the definition of hypertension is blood pressure above 130 over 80 mm Mercury and I think this was a key change based on a number of additional um analysis and studies to lower the sco if this can be safely obtained and treated then we would place a Target for people with diabetes at a blood pressure goal of less than 130 over 80 again if this can be safely done that is always um important when whatever treatment we do with our our patients now um when we have people who we see in the office with maybe first diagnosis of diabetes and the blood pressure is 150 over 90 then I think we want to initiate prompt treatment and as you're aware ACE inhibitors and Angiotensin receptor blockers are the first line treatment for blood pressure Management in people with um diabetes and particularly diabetes hypertension of course coronary arter disease when a patient presents with blood pressure one over 150 over 90 we can actually already start two agents and of course if Al aluminu or coronary arter disease is present then we favor ACE inhibitors and agitant and receptor blockers the blood pressure is in between 130 over 8 to 150 over 90 we can initiate treatment with one agent so this was a a major change in terms of more grass of management of hypertension recognizing that this actually elevated blood pressures persistently over a long time lead to adverse outcomes and treatment thereof um is beneficial for people with diabetes so let's talk for a minute about um lipids where we've made um a number of important changes I think mostly shifting away a little bit from percent LDL reduction to really numbers back to targets um which I think is clinically more practical um if you see people with um diabetes and you check the LDL I think it's just more practical to have a LDL Target so we we we generally think that people with diabetes aged 40 to 75 without cardiovascular disease should be treated with modate in intensity stattin therapy there is good evidence from primary outcome trial and large metaanalysis in people with diabetes age 40 to 75 at a higher cardiovascular risk it is actually recommended to consider using high intensity Statin therapy to reduce the LDL cholesterol to a goal of less than 70 milligrams per deciliter so this was a change that we made previous year and these are recommendations for primary prevention so those those are those people who have not yet had established overt cardiovascular disease and are higher cardiovascular risk now um what we added this year is that in people with diabetes who are intolerant to Statin which we see not infrequently we actually recommend now treatment with bidic acid based on the CLE outcome trial um which has been shown to reduce cardiovascular event rates as an alternative cholesterol Ling um regimen so people who cannot take statins because of adverse effects myalgia most frequently um we recommend pido acid with a um CA indication now for secondary prevention those are those people who have established cardiovascular disease the LDL cholesterol goal is now lowered to 55 milligrams per Deiter and um there's good evidence for that if this cannot be achieved with stattin therapy alone we encourage early um addition of non-statin therapy which usually includes pcsk9 Inhibitors in people with um aortic cardiovascular disease if the LDL cholesterol reduction only needs to be is pretty close to 55 ASA might can used as well so um in in people again intolerant to stattin therapy we recommend pcsk9 inhibitor therapy with monoclonal antibody treatment or bidic acid therapy for secondary prevention there's less evidence for inclin in this class of people so these are important um um revisions let's talk briefly about agents with cardiovascular benefit and kidney benefit those are the sglt2 inhibitor class of medications and the go1 receptor agonists which really have become now the Cornerstone of um diabetes cardiometabolic risk management those adverse outcomes that we see so frequently in people with diabetes including aosc cortic cardiovascular disease diabetic kidney disease or heart failure again sglt2 Inhibitors and glp1 receptor agonists are key treatment so we'll talk about that in minute briefly before antiplatelet therapy obviously is recommended for secondary prevention um um the length of treatment for Combined treatment with aspirin and citl and a lot of those people who present either with acute coronary syndrome or with es schic stroke Tia how long should treat patients be treated with dual anti PL therapy aspirin or um a P22 inhibitor that really um should remain in the hands I think of the multip specialty team including cardiologist and um neurology experts because this um keeps frequently changing now um um in some people we recommend um aspirin plus lowdose Riv oxin should be considered for people with coronary and or peripheral artery disease aspirin therapy may be considered as primary prevention therapy in people with diabetes who are would be considered at increased cardiovascular risk um now the um class of as I mentioned the class of sglt2 Inhibitors and glp1 receptor Agonist are recommended in people with type two diabetes and established arotic cardiovascular disease um increased cardiovascular risk or diabetic kidney disease and sglt two inhibitor with demonstrated cardiovascular benefit should be um used in these people um people with aortic cardiovascular risk and multiple risk factors gp1 receptor Agonist with um benefit should be used to reduce adverse cardiovascular events now what we also and the guidelines also recommend is that you should consider in people who have diabetes and increased AR scerotic um risk or established disease combination therapy with an sglt2 inhibitor and a glp1 receptor Agonist and this is mostly for um additive reduction in cardiovascular um risk now as you are obviously know type two diabetes in people with established heart failure with both either preserved or reduced ejection faction so a wide spectrum of heart failure sglt2 Inhibitors have clearly shown benefit for mortality reduction but also for symptom Improvement reduction in physical limitations and quality of life there've been several analysis to support this now now for additional treatment of course type two diabetes and chronic kidney disease with Alam minoria ACE inhibitors ARB anenson receptor blockers would be first line therapy and on top of that um ferone um is selective Miler C receptor antagonist has been shown to reduce adverse cardiovascular outcomes and the risk for progression of um diabetic kidney disease people with Aros scerotic cardiovascular disease age 55 with additional cardiovascular risk factors ACE inhibitor therapy or angens and receptor therapy is recommended and in a couple minutes I will talk about screening for heart failure which is very important people with diabetes are at an increased risk for developing heart failure in fact the risk for having diabetes itself as a risk factor is already considered stage a heart failure which means a person is at risk for heart pay failure if there are additional structural findings for example on echocardiography or evidence of elevated filling pressures um then even in the absence of symptoms this would be considered Stage B heart failure and then we use a multi disciplinary approach to use the right medications including a cardiovascular specialist um to treat these patients accordingly um ACE inhibitors and beta for people with um diabetes and asymptomatic STP heart failure again those are those do not yet have symptoms but have evidence of structural or biochem abnormalities um risk factor treatment is key ACE inhibitors ensin receptors and beta blockers as well as sglt2 Inhibitors because sglt2 Inhibitors have been shown to reduce the risk for progression from a symptomatic heart failure to becoming um symptomatic so this has been added to the um treatment recommendations similarly um in people with type two diabetes and established diabetic kidney disease ferone has been shown to reduce the risk for hospitalization for heart failure so these are some of the um changes I think one additional recommendation that was included by the committee this year includes the risk for ug glycemic diabetic keto acidosis in people who take sglt2 Inhibitors keep in mind that the Food and Drug Administration as well as the um recommendation for the anesthesiologists for example recommend holding sgt2 Inhibitors three days prior to surgical procedures um and that is because of Mostly because of the situation of fasting so I think we need to be aware of that risk that individuals with type one diabetes as well as those with type two diabetes who are in increased risk for ketosis or those um consuming ketogenic diets which were treated with sglt2 Inhibitors you want to be aware of the risk of um keto acidosis in those people so this is one recommendation that has been added so for General cardiovascular risk management people um who have diabetes and one or more risk factors established AOS scoic cardiovascular disease heart failure or diabetic kidney disease um we address many risk factors at the same time blood pressure management hyper lipidemia anti platinate regimen multidisciplinary approaches and of course lifestyle modification and then we recommend in the majority of these people starting as GT2 inhibitor or and or a glp1 receptor Agonist with proven cardiovascular um um benefit now in terms of screening keep in in mind that screening asymptomatic individuals for coronary artery disease does not improve outcomes as long as all the risk factors and cardiovascular conditions are appropriately um treated we added this year that in adults with diabetes at increased risk for the development of asymptomatic um cardiac structural and functional abnormalities and as I had just mentioned these typically are um echocardiographic findings or abnormal um markers of increased filling pressures would be considered Stage B heart failure to prevent the progression from asymptomatic heart failure to becoming symptomatic um we recommend screening adults with diabetes by measuring the ntic peptide BNP or anti probnp um that should be considered with the class B recommendation to facilitate the progression and to allow early treatment um of risk factors that are associated with the increased risk for progression to symptomatic heart failure so that is a new screening recommendation in addition one um once if you screen with BNP or anti probnp and it is abnormal that is evidence of elevated pressures within the heart then the next step would be to find out why that is and to make sure there heart is structurally normal so the next step would be a echocardiogram in people who are asymptomatic with diabetes in age above age 50 have microvascular disease or complications or any signs of end organ damage screening for peripheral artery disease with ankle braal index testing is recommended this is an additional screening recommendation because it could facilitate a more aggressive treatment of risk factors and um ultimately progression to um symptomatic paraphernal arter disease so with that we have um about 20 minutes time to discuss a case to kind of reemphasize some of these um recommendations and I think this is a fairly typical case this is the patient that we would see frequently um in the hospital and I will highlight a few points here and there so this is a 51y Old Gentleman who presents to the emergency room with chess pain and the patient has class one obesity he doesn't take any medications he is a non-smoker he does not drink alcohol there's no findings no family history of early premature coronary disease which would highlight a um early risk for Arctic cardiovascular disease again um vital signs are fine body mass index 33 consistent with a classification as class one um obesity and again the patient presents with chest pain so so um the electrocardiogram is shown here and um you will immediately noted that this is H filation there are some ST segment changes and based by troponin testing this patient rolls in for acute coronary syndrome um so symptoms and biomarker testing and some electrocardiographical changes so the patient is um giving aspirin and cogl is dual antiplatelet therapy based on the troponin elevation started with intravenous Hein given mopolo and he started on rosuvastatin 40 and of course this is a patient who would be admitted to the floor so we would do risk factor assessment and um you will note that the LDL cholesterol is 145 and the hemoglobin A1c which is a Class one recommendation to test is 8 .6% so this is a um person with newly diagnosed type two diabetes and hyperemia obesity class one and an acute coronary event so the patient is um prepared for coronary angiography and here we have a question for you that I would pose if people like this present to the hospital what would you think how often how often would actually the cardiologist maybe have an opportunity to make a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes or in other words what percentage of patients with acute coronary syndrome have newly diagnosed type two diabetes so the slide is up and please um um post your vote so the um consensus is that this is about 30% some you know vote for 50 10 70 actually the this has been studied and you may be surprised that this has been analyzed in the Triumph registry 2,800 people and you will notice that pre-diabetes and type two diabetes is actually fairly common in people presenting with an acute um event so 70% of people with acute Mard function have diabetes or pre-diabetes what is um one inherent problem is that half of these patients um actually have new diagnosis of diabetes and pre-diabetes have previously not been diagnosed I I I would like to point out that pre-diabetes is actually a fairly common diagnosis and um is associated clearly with an increased risk for cardiovascular ular um disease in fact about 60% of people with pre-diabetes may have coronary plaque based on recent analysis so this is a pretty common um finding so about 70% of patients with accute my cardial inunction have diabetes or pre-diabetes and 55% have newly diagnosed so this is a very common finding and the case goes on the patient goes to the cath lab here goes PCI and um drug placement to his left circumflex coronary artery because he has atrial fibrillation he's given the chance to restore his sinus rhythm he under goes te guided cardioversion and is now treated with triple therapy aspirin CL um a anti-coagulation regimen Metropolol is have been added and now Ramy Pearl is added too for additional um treatment after his coronary event and he's on Ros so um one additional question that we frequently think about is if a patient we see in the hospital um maybe not particularly this patient or any patient when cardiologists see people with um diabetes in the hospital frequently were uncomfortable to change regimens and I think it's important for cardiologists and I think we've gotten much better over the past years but it is a window of opportunity for us to modify treatment of risk which obviously people with diabetes are at very high risk so this is a unique window to make changes so I think um when people with a complication of diabetes like cardiovascular disease are admitted then we should um optimize therapy and that includes for example for diabetes using the right medication or Consulting our colleagues from Endocrinology to make sure that um insulin regimens get modified but if you look at cardiologists and I I can say this I I I am a cardiologist as well so how often is diabetes treatment actually adjusted when people present with uncontrolled diabetes and an acute mardial inunction so how often do we actually change the regimen it's always is it just maybe two-thirds of the time or is it one time or do we never change it or we say well we don't really know just just ask the endocrinologist so just post your answer what do you think how often do we um do cardiologists change treatment in people with um um type two diabetes uncontrolled type two diabetes admitted with an acute coronary event about onethird of the time is what um what the majority of people says I like those 17% who want to ask the endocrinologist so so with that you know the evidence for that was published in Diabetes Care this is older data and as I mentioned earlier I think this has probably changed now but it's changed because of some of the efforts like the know Diabetes by heart where we like to make the cardiologist aware of um being a major component and physician actually seeing these people with diabetes and so we need to manage care so this is if you just focus on this middle um um dark bar this is if the hemoglobin A1c is known and the hemoglobin A1c is available and it's between 7 to % so uncontrolled then in about 30 onethird of the time would we change treatment so in twoth thirds of the time this represents a missed opportunity but again I think we've gotten much more much better and much more alert and attentive to carrying for people with diabetes in the setting of a acute coronary event at this time so we've I've shown you this before again these Aros scerotic cardiovascular disease high risk conditions we optimize guideline directed medical therapy for all risk factors and we add medications for diabetes which are um beneficial sgt2 Inhibitors and glp1 receptor agonists so this is part of the treatment recommendation so at the time of discharge patient stabilized and sglt2 Andor is added for treatment of hypoglycemia and cardiovascular benefit so the patient follows up in the office and does well has no further chest pain and comes and says well you know he heard that metformin would be the best treatment for um his diabetes so he's asking that well I'm taking um this sglt2 inhibitor at this time and should I not be on medform so the answer is yes you should be no you shouldn't or we don't really know so please post your answer so the majority 65% of people would say yes he should be on Metformin and and this is what this is the answer that I would have predicted and this is actually the answer that historically would have been correct met foran for um many years was considered um a firstline therapy I would like to point out that the UK PDS 34 um analysis in um 342 people with overweight and type two diabetes treated with metformin show the benefit in all cause mortality and um this was really one of the um key data points that led to making metform in firstline therapy for a long time as I had shown you previously on the algorithm um the recommendations now are sglt2 Inhibitors and gop1 receptor Agonist and this recommendation is irrespective of whether a person is treated with metformin and this is um an analysis this has been shown and for example a large metaanalysis of six tries in which um four sglt2 Inhibitors um were used that enrolled a large number of patients and meformin use ranged from low to high between D HF trial and declar timi trials and showed that the reduction in major adverse cardiovascular events um was the same whether people were on or off with or without metformin use so the benefit is independent of metformin and um this means that if a patient asks you on an sglt2 inhibitor is the on Metformin should he be on Metformin I think the correct answer would be there are better choices that we can use for additional cardiovascular risk reduction and in the particular person keep in mind he has class one obesity which at increased cardiovascular risk is something we should consider based on um newer data as well so we may need to add metformin ultimately for additional glycemic control but for cardiovascular event reduction we probably have better choices so the patient monitors the blood glucose level and fasting levels are 130 to 149 so fairly recent these um reasonable control but not quite at control bedtime 190 which would be post prandial slightly above the recommended goal and um the patient's wife joins the patient and ask whether um she saw that there are these new injectable medications and is this not something that he should be considered for so the question that I would ask you next and this is this is this is the algorithm here showing you that on the lower left you can see Arctic cardiovascular risk which this patient would fall under you use an sglt2 inhibitor with proven cardiovascular benefit and if the hemoglobin A1c remains above Target for patients on an sglt2 inhibitor you would consider adding a glp1 receptor Agonist and this is based on the for example a trial called the amplitude trial which stratified cardiovascular risk reduction on people with a gop1 receptor Agonist versus a um Tri participant was on an sglt2 inhibitor or not and the benefit the cardiovascular risk reduction for major adverse cardiovascular event or non-cardiovascular death was really seen equally in both people who were on an sglt2 inhibitor and people who were not on an sg2 indicating that the risk reduction is likely independent of Prior treatment with an sglt2 inhibitor indicating additive benefit so because of this and because this is also you want to treat um the class one obesity for this individual the patient is started on a gop1 receptor Agonist so um I think this is probably one of the most important slides I would say in this presentation and I think this is um um highlights some of the important gaps between what we know works for people with diabetes but what is actually happening in the real world how are people with diabetes actually treated so my question to you is what percentage of patients with diabetes meet guideline directed treatment recommendations based on current evidence you post your answer less than 20 40 60 more than 60 or more than 80 so the um majority of people posts less than than 40% few say more than 80 more than 60 so I think the general consensus is that we can do better and this is exactly the case this is a large analysis published in Jamma this is from 2022 looking at a large number of people and the indicators of guideline directed medical therapy meaning using the right medications um for Combined treatment of cardiovascular risk which includes high-intensity Statin therapy ACE inhibitors or Angiotensin receptor blockers and glp1 receptor Agonist sgt2 Inhibitors and fewer than one in 20 patients were prescribed all three evidence-based therapy fewer than one in 20 so there's a lot of work to do I think this provides a an opportunity but it's also for us to know kind of where we stand and when we see patients daily these are the questions I think we should be asking am I using the right regimen for my patient and what can I do to protect this patient from the future so he returns about six weeks later does well is participating cardiac rehab does everything loses weight and the LDL cholesterol is 63 milligrams per tum so um with that you wonder how are we doing for this and what is the next step for treatment in this um person you would say well he's doing fine he's at goal we say repeat a lipid panel consult nutrition add a zamite or add pcsk9 inhibitor so what would you recommend to this patient please post your answers good conso nut nutrition that's always a good idea um adding aetam 10 mgam is about 1/3 of the people had this answer um few said the patient is at goal or repeat Labs um 7% would add a pcsk9 inhibitor there would be certainly nothing wrong with that but the I think what would be a reasonable next step is adding a acetamide to this regimen and this is because um combination therapy um provides additional benefit and the reasoning for a zamite for example would be um coming from the improved trial which showed a risk reduction and cardiovascular events in people combining simvastatin with a zamite after a cardiovascular event um the pcsk9 inhibitor trials forer or ODC um also showed additional cardiovascular benefits so for those 7% the answer would not be incorrect I think that would be an option um the we know that LDL colesterol plays a major role in future cardiovascular risk so I think at this point in this patient either one of those would be good um what I would like to highlight is in all of these three anal is the people who benefited most and who drove the cardiovascular benefit those were the people with at the highest risk which includes our people with diabetes so that is why we want to be particularly aggressive so um as my 10 is added and I think with that I will open our um discussion today and I'll be happy together with Dr aabi entertain questions and um um I thank you already for joining and for participating thank you thank you that was fantastic you covered a lot of ground and uh um uh if uh in those in the audience if you've not put your questions in yet uh uh click the button of Q&A and ask uh put in your questions um while we're waiting uh to gather all those questions I want to remind everyone that know diabetes heart has several resources available at no diabetes. heart uh uh website uh and it includes really a wonderful set of tools and a certificate program for uh being recognized for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes for Health Care Professionals it's a great uh multimedia way of learning uh more materials and so um we've got a number of questions and so I'm going to I'm going to start with uh several of these first of all um I'll just highlight uh again some of like the Blockbuster changes uh in the standards of care and I guess uh you know it's it's the LDL less than 55 for those with cardiovascular disease and diabetes significantly lower than what it had been um and then also LDL less than 70 for diabetes and risk factors um do you want to elaborate a little bit Dr broer on on the risk factors that might make one consider someone with diabetes to have a goal LDL of less than 70 yeah I think you know the the problem is that the person with diabetes frequently has additional risk factors right so I think I think that is um very important to to consider so so when we talk about primary prevention um those who do not yet have as far as we know when we see the patient AOS scerotic cardiovascular disease that um how aggressive do we want to be and this has been shown in a number of Tri and a number of metaanalysis largest meta analys cholesterol treatment trialist um for example showed that for every 40 mm gr per deciliter reduction in LDL cholesterol there's about a 25% risk reduction of adverse cardiovascular events and we've never been able in the evidence to actually show a bottom Threshold at which additional cholesterol lowering is not is not providing further benefit for example I think the most impressive evidence in these PC ck9 inhibitor Triads that I had mentioned for a year in Odyssey there were those now we're talking secondary prevention those are people who had cardiovascular events but there were a few people who entered the trial with fairly good LDL colesterol numbers and there was recently an analysis that compared those less than 10 an LDL of less than 10 versus the 35 average in those trials and the risk reduction was pretty much cut in half so so e so we may be see even lower um um future um recommendations but I think I think in general people with with with with with diabetes are increased cardiovascular risk we used to say for many years over the past decade that term diabetes is a cardiovascular risk equivalent right we've we've all heard that now if we consider this well the cardiovascular risk recommended goal is less than 70 so then we should translate that to people with diabetes but there is direct evidence from from actually um um earlier trials to support these guidelines so really strong evidence for that less than 70 for uh you know many patients with diabetes uh many adults uh I I want to highlight something else that you said which I know is a a clinical question that comes up quite often um and I've heard it you know well doctor isn't my LDL cholesterol too low I've heard that too low is not good and and and you you gave some interesting data there that argues against that concern yeah I I I think as far as we know from studies and enrolled from evidence from from from large uh courts and from our um um randomized control trials that um there is no real there's no real Health concern of having a low LDL if this if this is safely achieved with medications which are well tolerated we have to keep in mind that people may not be able to take a stattin or may have side effects of aam or can't take pcsk9 Inhibitors because of flu like symptoms or or nasal faringitis side effect so that's always of course something important to keep in mind but I I I think the evidence supports lower cholesterol um and and and and this this is now if in in this term of discussion I may want to point out that the high intensity Staton use after an acute coronary events in people with diabetes is about 40% so when talk about when we talk about now should we are we talking 7 35 LDL the real world evidence is quite different because people are not taking their stattin or they get lost in followup or they can't pay for it or or you know for a variety of of reasons and barriers but if you look at analysis how many what percentage of people with diabetes after an heart attack are actually taking high-intensity stand it's actually pretty pretty low so when we talk about should we add a z or should we add a PCS can I well we can probably we can probably do a lot better if we just start with the basics yeah I that's a huge opportunity to start literally anyone that would tolerate uh a high-intensity Staten in the hospital right like many hospitals have this as part of their standing orders as a protocol for anyone that comes with a the myocardial infarction absolutely I think this is this is this is um this is done I think in most hospitals this is pretty standards doctors but then I think important more more probably more important is the next visit when the person patient comes and sees their their health care provider um then making sure that there's continuation of what was actually initiated right yes started in the hospital and then their F first visit post Hospital one needs to make sure that they're still on it okay great so I'm getting other things uh heart failure so some really new things about heart failure here and and not just that SGL t2s are effective in in preserved and and reduced ejection fraction but but the screening of heart failure so um yeah it seems like this can affect a really large number of individuals that should be screened yeah I think I I think this screening becomes more and more important because we now also have a treatment approach that would protect symptomatic heart failure and that would be the class of sglt2 Inhibitors and if we know a person is at increased risk for heart failures making sure to treat one of the major risk factors for heart failures is hypertension and that's why the ACE inhibitors and beta blockers become such an important approach for for risk reduction and management of hypertension in that prob so I think we can't we can't treat what we don't diagnose so I think a simple blood test is is is may may actually help here because it holds true that a normal a normal blood marker for BNP or anti-rnp is actually a pretty solid test to rule out heart failure and it is common so common in clinic that the a patient may say you know I I I get short of breath when I go up a flight of stairs right so and then you wonder well is it just deconditioning or is it just because there's other health problems my knees my weight but then if you want to know does this person actually have heart failure with diabetes you can get so the rule out um um um predictive value is is very high so and conversely if it's elevated I think you have a good reason to further test make sure on an echo cardiogram there's no um um enlargement of a heart or diastolic dysfunction of the heart or systolic function you know that these things are nor so I think I think to recognize this because so many people with with diabetes go on to develop cardiovasculares including heart failure yeah so so it's a it's a great test to rule out heart failure and it's important to screen people early because now we have tools to uh to to treat them early so why diagnose early because we have effective therapies that can prevent the progression so that yeah that's that that's really important and and I will just remind the audience that um uh all of these recommendations that uh Dr broer was involved uh and a member of the professional practice committee that created this are also co-endorsed by the American College of Cardiology um so let let me ask um you know this question uh so someone with heart failure uh and uh chronic kidney disease diabetic kidney disease um there are a number of medications that uh they likely will need to be placed on to prevent progression and could you just sort of rattle through those uh because there there are several it seems yes there they're absolutely there it's it gets it gets complicated I think um those people who have um symptomatic heart failure I think we want to treat collaboration with a multidisiplinary approach including of course the primary care provider and a group of Physicians including possibly Endocrinology for more diabetes and um cardiovascular medicine to provide these recommendations for for treatment you know of course in any person with heart failure the first treatment is um is is beta blockers Ace inhibit s and arbs for um risk reduction um those are added for the additional benefit of um um Proline Inhibitors and things like that Ares so they are added on and then of course we have the sglt2 Inhibitors we have the um um spinola on ferone and in you know in patients with CKD there are a number of things we need to consider what's the potassium you know what is the patient aloric um should be should be Focus again I think in a sequence of events that's kind of what I had outlined the strategy we want to focus on and and when we treat our patient I think it's always important to keep in mind you know um avoid side effects okay there yes these people should be on a on these complex treatment regimens but I think the titration is really one step at a time and and as as I you know in terms of the effect size if you will of a medication that prevents Arctic cardiovasculares cardiov venal protection mortality benefit hospitalization symptoms I think the sglt2 Inhibitors are are are very high up in the in the list you know so there's a a series of medications SGL t2s clearly have sort of the strongest uh uh impact potentially and right up at at the top and and and I think you make a really good point about um in a sense having our patients be aware that they're likely going to need to be on multiple medications uh but to do that sequentially to ensure uh minimizing side effects yes yes absolutely it's a stepwise approach and and I think for for um you know this is really a time where where it becomes a multidisciplinary group approach and then that's also highlighted we added this that they should involve cardiovascular you know care because of some people may ultimately need more heart failure regimens devices therapy Etc so that that that's but I think it's really a stepwise approach excellent um uh we've uh covered all the questions that we have time for and so I want to really thank Dr broomer for Extraordinary presentation that really highlighted so many important changes uh I want to thank our our uh uh all of you for joining this program uh it will be available uh uh online so feel free to recommend to your colleagues also stay tuned for a survey that will go out and please uh resp resp to that survey by email uh it'll allow us to ensure that we're providing the best possible U educational material for you to improve the care of your patients and uh this concludes our program and thank you so much for joining us and thank you for everything you do for people living with diabetes wonderful thank you very much Dr Gab

  Top Comments:
  1. @doctormsr4032 [1 likes]: Nice Discussion 👏🏻
  2. @natashakinder7898: When you need to check your blood sugar for a meal and you are blind, what is the rule for not being allowed to perk your own finger to draw blood to test your sugar?
  3. @jacquesdemolay2699: it's wonderfull - so many advances and yet number of patients going up and up each year.
  4. @allencrider: Stop eating greasy, fatty, slimy, dead, decaying flesh.
  5. @TotesMcGotes2009: 80+ years and diabetes keeps going up. Hmmm
  6. @sachinchemicalcorporationp4774: So thanx sir
  7. @pinxtownington4645: How can anybody in their right mind watch this dribble? Everyone knows it's a mouth piece for pharmaceutical industries and keep spreading this kind of crap to sell more medicines

- Use of Glucose Lowering Medications in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] When you're using glucose lowering medications to manage type 2 diabetes, a person- centered holistic approach is the standard of care for good reason. It can prevent complications and optimize quality of life. But to achieve these goals, you need to address four specific areas. Glycemic management, weight management, cardiovascular risk factor management, and the use of cardioral protective agents when indicated. The treatment algorithm pictured here can help guide your care. First, note the blue call out at the top of the chart. It's a good reminder of a consistent tenant of type 2 diabetes treatment. To avoid therapeutic inertia, reassess and modify treatment regularly. This tenant will help you reduce the risk of the long-term complications associated with elevated glucose. Likewise, the top of the chart serves as a reminder of the foundational approaches for treating people with type 2 diabetes, including understanding and addressing social determinants of health. To guide your treatment, the algorithm is divided into two actional priorities. The first is cardioral risk reduction and comprehensive cardiovascular management in high-risisk individuals with type 2 diabetes. The second part of the algorithm focuses on glycemic management through both glucose lowering and weight management approaches. We'll start with the cardioral side of the algorithm. Robust data on cardiovascular outcomes indicates the use of cardioral protective glucoseing agents for specific high-risisk individuals. This includes those with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, and chronic kidney disease. For people with established ASCVD or those at high risk of ASCBD who are over 55 years of age and have two or more additional risk factors, recommended treatment includes a GLP-1 receptor agonist with proven cardiovascular benefit or an SGLT2 inhibitor with proven cardiovascular benefit. If A1C is still above goal for individuals on a GLP-1 receptor agonist, consider adding an SGLT2 inhibitor or vice versa. Pyaglitazone may also be considered. The decision to use these agents is independent of background use of metformin. For individuals with heart failure, recommended treatment includes an SGLT2 inhibitor with proven heart failure benefit. For individuals with CKD, you need to consider an individual's estimated glomemeular filtration rate and other lab results. For individuals with albinoria or an EGFR under 60, recommended treatment includes an SGLT2 inhibitor or GLP-1 receptor antagonist with primary evidence of slowing progression of CKD and reduction in cardiovascular events. For individuals with an EGFR over 20, recommended treatment includes an SGLT2 inhibitor until initiation of dialysis or transplantation. If an SGLT2 inhibitor is contraindicated or not tolerated, a GLP-1 receptor agonist is recommended given the elevated risk of cardiovascular disease in this population. Now, we'll move to the side of the algorithm focused on reducing long-term risk complications through the achievement and management of glycemic and weight goals. For glycemic management, you want to choose approaches that provide the efficacy to achieve individualized glucose goals. A number of approaches are reasonable, such as metformin or agents, including combination therapy, that provide adequate efficacy for achieving and maintaining treatment goals. As guidance, the algorithm provides a hierarchy of efficacy for glucose lowering medications. When choosing a glucose lowering plan, consider agents with high to very high dual glucose and weight efficacy. Anytime you're using glucose lowering medications in people with type 2 diabetes, it's important to choose therapies that match person- centered care goals and then refine the care plan as needed through an iterative process. If you encounter barriers to achieving person- centered goals, consider non-farmacological approaches such as referring to a diabetes self-management and education support program, using technologies such as diagnostic continuous glucose monitors to identify gaps in needs, and addressing social determinants of health that may be impacting achievement of goals. To learn more about the use of glucosing medications in the management of type 2 diabetes, visit professional.diabetes.org. org.

- Rethinking Your Plate with American Diabetes Association®: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone i'm tracy brown the ceo of the american diabetes association hi i'm sumit tohan i'm a registered dietitian and certified diabetes care and education specialist i have been living with type 2 diabetes for 17 years and i follow a low carbohydrate diet to manage my blood sugars today we are here shopping at walmart to showcase that you can buy affordable healthy food that's good for your blood sugars are you ready let's go today i'm going to be cooking sheep pan salmon and so we're going to start and get right to it by choosing some salmon so we have a couple of options don't we sue me we do and we have the option to do it on a budget awesome so let's see here blackened atlantic salmon fillets that's about 8 47. well what do i have to check out here now so the first thing we're going to look at when we're picking a protein option that's frozen is the sodium oh 150 milligrams okay so that's not bad but we could certainly keep looking and see if we're gonna find something with less sodium and a sign would be if we find something that's not already seasoned so because this is blackened that's suggesting that it's already got some extra salt added to it okay so let's try this great value brand alaskan salmon let's see what we have here this is it 55 sodium awesome all right let's check the price on this 844. that's great so we're not compromising price but we saved 100 milligrams of sodium there's a fresh option over there let's check that as well that too all right atlantic salmon and it's skinless fresh never frozen 10 42. yeah it costs a little bit more but if we're choosing between fresh and frozen it just depends on when you're gonna prepare your meal we're doing it tonight in the cart okay sumi we need a few more things for this recipe i need to grab some black pepper and then the recipe calls for honey so i don't think the honey is going to work for me can be a little confusing right because it's a natural sugar does that mean it's healthier does that mean it's better for your blood sugars what do you think 17 grams of carbs in this honey that's as much as a slice of bread yeah so i'm going to modify this and i'm going to just skip the honey all together because i might want a small dinner roll yeah and that's what's great about cooking your own meal right you can easily make those modifications awesome so i've got to get some um olive oil let's let's talk about that yeah so we started off with a nice heart-healthy protein option with the salmon that's full of unsaturated fatty acids and the olive oil is actually going to fit into that category as well so it's a wonderful addition it's going to help enhance the flavor of the meal but it's not going to impact our blood sugar and it's actually going to be beneficial for our heart health i like the extra virgin olive oil and we've got the great value brand right here awesome yeah you're all carbs all right a few more things and then we're done next on our list is asparagus so if we think about our plate we really want to fill up half of our plate with non-starchy vegetables right so it actually makes sense to start off your meal thinking about what the vegetable component is going to be it's full of fiber it's full of water low in calories and carbohydrates so it's not going to raise our blood sugar but it's going to help us feel full so this is really beautiful fresh asparagus but if they didn't have that i would follow the layout of my walmart store i would head to the frozen isle and pick up some frozen asparagus and if i didn't find that i would head to the can dial fantastic lots of options yeah this sheet pan salmon and asparagus is a great very low carb meal leaves me a little bit of room for dessert there are really great low carbohydrate options today yeah that you can get right here at walmart you don't actually have to go to our specialty food store and you know when i was first diagnosed with diabetes you know people were telling me that you're not going to be able to eat anything anymore and that's just not the case and i have found that i am empowered to continue to eat a lot of the things that i love i mean it really isn't all or nothing right there's healthier alternatives moderation and portion control look at that 18 grams of carbohydrates so by leaving off that tablespoon of honey we can have a half a cup of ice cream honey or cookies and cream this is my choice we all can do it you know you start where you are you start small start with one meal start to reduce your carbohydrates then go to maybe lunch and then dinner we can all do it it just takes a little bit of time and a little bit of effort it does and that's why we came prepared with our recipe from diabetes food hub and everyone living with diabetes can thrive right we can take the power back and we can have power over our diabetes diabetes doesn't have to have power over us

  Top Comments:
  1. @makeapennycry [1 likes]: Leave off honey for ice cream? That’s a terrible suggestion! There are keto ice creams if your really like one. You don’t need to sacrifice taste just change the choice to something that will keep your blood sugars low and beat diabetes once and for all. Stop playing with diabetes.
  2. @HailuGtsadik: Is it adivisable for Ethiopian 
Can i inform my lab resalt and advice or select food item and additional adivice
  3. @DanaFoster-g2k: I love Salmon. That recipe sounds so easy too! I just found on Oct 8 2025 that I am diabetic.I have been reading a lot on it and I have very high cholesterol numbers too. I can do this! ❤
  4. @oldroadie: Low carb? But your association calls to eat high carb? I'm confused

- The American Diabetes Association’s® Standards of Care in Diabetes—2025: Kind: captions Language: en - Welcome everyone to today's webinar on the American Diabetes Association "Standards of Care in Diabetes 2025." Today's webinar is brought to you by Know Diabetes by Heart, a joint initiative of the American Heart Association and the American Diabetes Association. The purpose of today's webinar is to highlight important updates to this year's Standards of Care and how these changes impact clinical care, especially as they relate to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and chronic kidney disease. The Standards are a living document and are intended to provide clinicians, patients, researchers, payers, and other interested individuals with the components of diabetes care, general treatment goals, and tools to evaluate the quality of care. Before we begin, we would like to recognize the Know Diabetes by Heart founding sponsor, Novo Nordisk. Thank you for your support. On this slide is the American Heart Association disclaimer, and this slide lists the faculty disclosures. My name is Dr. Alexander Chang and I'll be moderating today's program. To share a little bit about myself, I'm an associate professor in the Department of Nephrology and also the Population Health Sciences at Geisinger Medical Center in Danville, Pennsylvania, where I see patients with kidney disease and hypertension, a lot of diabetes patients, and conduct clinical research and quality improvement population health activities, trying to improve cardio kidney metabolic health. I've had the pleasure of serving on the AHA and ADA's Know Diabetes By Heart initiative the last couple of years, and it's also my pleasure to welcome our esteemed expert to today's webinar. We're joined by Dr. Dennis Bruemmer, staff cardiologist and director of the Center for Cardiometabolic Health. He's a professor of medicine at Cleveland Clinic Lerner School of Medicine, Case Western Reserve Medical School. Dr. Bruemmer specializes in preventive cardiology, particularly in the comprehensive management of cardiovascular risk and metabolic control of patients with diabetes. He has a special interest in cardiac intensive care, echocardiography, and is board certified in internal medicine, endocrinology, and echocardiography. Please note that there will not be any CEs offered for today's webinar, but we are excited to provide you with this important education session. We'll be hosting a Q&A session at the end of today's presentation. Please use the Q&A feature to submit questions, and we'll try to answer as many questions as possible. I'll turn it over to you, Dr. Bruemmer. - Dr. Chang, thank you so much for the kind introduction, and I would like to first really congratulate Initiative and the staff between the ADA and the AHA to organize this webinar. I think this is a fantastic opportunity for us to really review some of the main aspects of cardiovascular care for people with diabetes, and we will go over some of those changes and some of those new guideline recommendations. I've been sharing the cardiovascular section for the guideline committee for the past three years, and we've made notable changes on really all aspects over the past few years. We have made changes on the blood pressure goals. We have made changes and simplified the lipid management, and of course we have adapted the guidelines to the evidence from new agents which we use to prevent cardiovascular disease and to improve glycemic control in people with diabetes. So we will go over those four pillars for people with diabetes. We will go over some of the evidence, but it's mostly a review and we will also look a little bit at the screening recommendation, and then Dr. Chang will share a few cases and some important new discussions on kidney disease with us. So I think first it's important to highlight that comprehensive management of all risk factors is really what makes a difference. This was first shown by the Steno-2 trial, which was a multifactorial intervention trial that really addressed blood pressure, lipids, smoking, albuminuria, hyperglycemia in a comprehensive fashion and really showed a 53% risk reduction in cardiovascular outcomes. So this was one of the first key landmark trials that I would like to mention to support, we have to look at all risk factors in combination, combine this with new treatment approaches. When I see patients, I encourage them by a cohort analysis in addition to the prospective randomized Steno-2 trial that was published in 2018 in "The New England Journal of Medicine," which looked at a large group of people, 200,000 people with diabetes matched to 1.3 million control people and showed really when all the risk factors, no smoking, cholesterol, blood pressure, hemoglobin A1C, when those are combined, controlled, people with diabetes have essentially no excess mortality compared to the general population. I think this is very reassuring that we can manage cardiovascular risk in people with diabetes. Now, there are a lot of barriers of course to implement these strategies, and I think we have to keep working on this. So this initiative is one important aspect of education and really going over some of the evidence. So I briefly talked about the glycemic management. This is the first aspect on the left, and this is the algorithm for glucose lowering medications in people with type 2 diabetes, and when we talk about people with type 2 diabetes, the vast majority of people will have either indicators of high cardiovascular risk as shown in the second column here, overt atherosclerotic signs and symptoms of heart failure, or CKD. So for those people with diabetes, the most important aspect of treatment for hyperglycemia are really medications, not just to treat elevated blood glucose levels, but to reduce those outcomes of atherosclerotic heart failure, and CKD. So people that fall in this category should be treated with either a GLP-1 receptor agonist with proven benefit demonstrated in cardiovascular trials or an SGLT-2 inhibitor. If there's heart failure, SGLT-2 inhibitor. CKD, SGLT-2 inhibitor, ultimately GLP-1 receptor agonist. Now for people with atherosclerotic actually the ADA recommends it says or here. Actually there is a class 2a recommendation to consider combined treatment with an SGLT-2 inhibitor and a GLP-1 receptor agonist for additive benefit. So ultimately this is the goal, combined treatment in these people. So this is for the glycemic management of these people. Now, if we look at the second part, we can look at blood pressure and we have changed the goals of the past few years based on new evidence. So recommendation 10.4, "The on-treatment blood pressure goal is less than 130 over 80, if this can be safely attained." This has been reduced from previously 140 over 90 to now 130 over 80 since the guidelines were published last year is even additional evidence, the blood pressure rote analysis that had shown and supported lower goals for people with type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Of course, as always, we need to individualize the care for our patients and make sure that the blood pressure goal, tighter than previously recommended, is safely attained. When we look at lipid management, we'll try to keep this as simple as possible. Lipid management for people with type 2 diabetes, I think, is actually pretty straightforward, and I will go over this briefly. So this is for primary prevention. So those are those people who do not yet have atherosclerotic and those are not the people who you find incidentally on a chest CT scan done in the ED for shortness of breath who have, for example, coronary artery calcification. Those fall into secondary prevention. So this is no evidence of atherosclerotic and people age 40 to 75, use high intensity statin in those with, and this is the majority of people with diabetes because the majority of people will have an additional risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The LDL goal is less than 70. So when you think about primary prevention, those people without atherosclerotic you need to remember one number. That's an LDL of 70, and this includes statins, and if the statins are not sufficient to achieve this goal, it may be reasonable to add additional non-statin therapy to these people. Now, if you look at people who already have atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, stenting, PCI, atherosclerotic cardiac cardiovascular calcification, CABG operation previously, et cetera, high risk people with events, the LDL cholesterol goal is less than 55. That is the second lipid number you need to remember, and this is usually accomplished with high intensity statin therapy, and if that is not enough to achieve an LDL cholesterol goal of less than 55, the recommendations are to add ezetimibe or PCSK-9 inhibitor therapy. Keep in mind that in all the trials that combined statin therapy with non-statin therapy, so this is statin plus ezetimibe plus statin plus PCSK-9 inhibitor, the reduction in cardiovascular event rates was were mostly seen in those people at higher risk, which includes people with diabetes. So those are the people who benefit the most from combination therapy. So have a low threshold to add non-statin therapy to statin therapy. Now, treatment of other lipoprotein fractions, this is always a question that frequently is asked by patients, and I would like to point out, if the triglyceride levels are elevated, first, we look for secondary causes of hypertriglyceridemia, and then we can consider additional medical therapy, particularly if the triglycerides above are above 500. That is to reduce the risk primarily of pancreatitis. If there are, there's hyper, moderate hypertriglyceridemia and increased triglycerides in general, it is very important to emphasize lifestyle modification. Now in people with established atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease who are treated with a statin and who have an LDL between 150 to less than 500, the addition of icosapent ethyl can be considered to reduce cardiovascular risk with a Class B recommendation. Now the last slide is again, agents with cardiovascular and kidney benefit. I had briefly already mentioned this under the first glycemic management. It is important to address concurrently, cardiovascular risk reduction therapy with guideline directed medical therapy. That includes blood pressure, lipids, glucose, antiplatelets, but the vast majority of people with diabetes are actually at increased risk for atherosclerotic have overt atherosclerotic or have signs of heart failure or CKD, and those should be primarily treated with an SGLT-2 inhibitor or GLP-1 receptor agonist with proven benefit, and there is evidence to use combination therapy for additional risk, additive risk reduction, and that is actually a Class A recommendation in the cardiovascular section of the Standards of Care. Now, one last couple words on screening, and we'll go over the screening briefly for heart failure, and for peripheral artery disease because there are some new treatment recommendations, which I summarize in the next slide actually. You can see this is a nice overview that was added this year to the Standards of Care for coronary artery disease. Routine screening is not recommended if the patient has no symptoms. If there are signs and symptoms, atypical symptoms, or other findings on EKG, routine echocardiogram, or again, or symptoms, then of course we recommend routine screening methods for the evaluation of coronary artery disease. Now, there is a recommendation to screen all adults with diabetes for heart failure, and this is with measurement of BNP or NT-proBNP. That is because diabetes increases the risk for asymptomatic heart failure. Diabetes itself is considered a risk factor. That would be called Stage A heart failure, but if they're Stage B heart failure, but there are ways now to protect the progression from asymptomatic to symptomatic heart failure. That is from Stage B to stage C heart failure, and this is why the screening becomes important, particularly if, for example, you have a patient coming in with diabetes who presents with edema or shortness of air. That would be considered symptoms, and then screening becomes even more important for these people with type 2 diabetes now, or with diabetes in general. Now, peripheral artery disease, when there is a longstanding history of diabetes, advanced age above 65, any findings of microvascular disease, any clinical findings, then we typically recommend considering screening for using ankle brachial index testing. I think those are some of the nuances in some of the new recommendations for screening for cardiovascular risk. Now, I'll turn it over back to Dr. Chang, and we'll go over a couple cases now to kind of highlight some of this, what we discuss. - Wonderful, thank you, and thank you participants for putting in questions in the chat. We'll try to get through them, you know, during some of the discussion or in the Q&A section. So there's no actual poll here. So don't feel like you need to click on anything or answer. You can answer in your head, that'll be great. So this is a a 58-year-old Caucasian male with type 2 diabetes, difficult to control hypertension and severe obesity. The blood pressure is 145 over 80 at the visit. The A1C is 6.4%. Their EGFR is 100, and their urine albumin-creatinine ratio is a little bit elevated at 50 milligrams per gram. Currently they're on glipizide and metoprolol. So the question is, what would you do next? A, advise the patient to do home blood pressure monitoring. As you can see that the, you know, this question's kind of around a blood pressure, but also the cardiorenal risk as well. B, switch glipizide to SGLT-2 inhibitor or GLP-1 receptor agonist, C, switch from metoprolol to an ACE inhibitor or an ARB, D, all of the above. So I think the answer here is really, you know, we want to make sure that the blood pressure is indeed controlled. You want to make sure that they're on the appropriate guideline, recommended therapy for their concurrent conditions, including kidney disease or coronary artery disease with the ACE or ARB, and of course, we want to encourage more use of cardiorenal risk reducing medications. So this is a, a nice flow diagram from the guidelines, and a couple things I wanted to point out is that, you know, it talks about the initial blood pressure and the reason why it does that is because there's pretty good evidence really that, you know, if the blood pressure is pretty high, say above 150 over 90, you know, you really should be starting with two agents, and of course a lot of times they, you're seeing them or sharing them with other clinicians. So they may already be on one agent, but you know, we really should be more proactive in managing hypertension and knowing that, you know, you actually have multiple different ways to get their blood pressure down. The days of sort of maximizing one medication and then waiting and then increasing the other one are changing. You know, there's a lot of trials that are looking at combination pills versus monotherapy. You know, one of the common things that I, you know, hear is that, "oh, well, I'm afraid that they're gonna be on, you're gonna have multiple adverse effects if you're on more classes," but actually the trials do show that you don't have more adverse events, you know, starting combination therapies. So usually tell the patient that, you know, we're gonna hit the blood pressure from multiple different angles and really it's just about, you know, getting to the goal of getting your blood pressure under control and rather than focusing on, oh my gosh, there's more medications, and of course there's combination pills now too. So those pills often will have better adherence and are associated with better outcomes in the long run. Of course, we're gonna address the lifestyle management. I think, you know, with all of the different things that we have in store with the GLP-1, you know, thinking about obesity and the role that that could play in the regimen as well is important on top of all the dietary stuff and making sure you refer them to a dietician or a weight management clinic as appropriate, and then if they have albuminuria or coronary artery disease, you really want to make sure they're on an ACE or an ARB. This has not really changed. This is, you know, but even still, you know, we still see patients that are maybe on suboptimal dosing or for some reason, maybe their creatinine bumped a little bit and then it got stopped, but, you know, really have to appreciate that, you know, you could have this transient worsening of the kidney function when you start these medications, but in the long run they're gonna be better served, and if you're not sure, of course, involve a kidney doctor, nephrologist, and then in terms of let's say they have albuminuria and their blood pressure's quite elevated, then this puts in the guideline here that, you know, you start the ACE or ARB along with the calcium channel blocker or a diuretic, and I think there's, you know, you probably look at the patient's various, you know, considerations of what they might be afraid of in terms of adverse effects with, when you're choosing exactly what, and looking at their potassium levels too, if their, you know, more, their potassium's on the higher side, I would like to use a diuretic for example, and then after, you know, you've treated their blood pressure at that visit, the important thing is appropriate follow up. One of the things from recent trials that have included a lot of diabetes patients, including a trial that was done in China that was kind of like the SPRINT trial, but for patients with diabetes, they often are involving home blood pressure monitoring, and so if I'm really, you know, trying to do a good job with my patients and their blood pressure is outta control, I always encourage them to do home blood pressure monitoring and there's a lot of great resources on the Know Diabetes by Heart website on how to do them. There's various other resources we can share later, but, you know, making sure they know how to buy an appropriate blood pressure device, making sure it fits, make sure that they are educated on how to do this. You can even do some billing for self-measured blood pressure if you get that set up correctly, and then you can use that to titrate their medications further and add more agents as needed or maximize the therapy until you get under control, and then lastly, of course, you want to consider a mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist if you have a patient with resistant hypertension or they're not tolerating one of those other classes, and those are really kind of a game changer here, also the consideration that they have persistent albuminuria. Finerenone has been shown to further reduce cardiorenal risk in these patients. All right, this is the second case. A 76-year-old African American male with type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, ischemic cardiomyopathy, ejection fraction 35%, stage four kidney disease here for follow up. Overall, they say they feel great. They're not experiencing any heart failure complaint, related complaints, and their exercise tolerance is good and everything looks good on exam. Their blood pressure is well controlled, their A1C is 6.8%. You know, you look at the eGFR trend and two years ago was 28, last year it was 26, and this year it's 24. You know, the patient's concerned about their kidney function. The potassium's 5.2, and their albumin-creatinine ratio is 175 milligrams/gram. So the medications they're currently on are Lisinopril, 40 milligrams, Carvedilol 6.25, twice a day, Torsemide, 20 milligrams per day, and Rosuvastatin, 10 milligrams per day. So the question here, you know, the potassium's a little bit high, it's 5.2. The GFR is dropping about two per year. At this point, are you gonna stop the lisinopril, decrease the lisinopril? Again, we don't have a poll set up, so please just, you know, think about this through your, and what we were discussed, start potassium binder, or start SGLT-2 inhibitor? So, you know, I could see that all of these seem like they could be reasonable options, but really, you know, what we wanna do here, and I'll just look back to the case here, is, you know, think about, okay, you know, we know that the patient has so many risk factors for kidney disease and progressive kidney disease. You know, the eGFR is dropping, but that doesn't mean, you know, we often jump to the conclusion that it must be one of the medications they're on, we gotta stop these medications, but really the studies show that, you know, you try to optimize the therapies based off of what the research tells us, and for this type of patient, we do have solid evidence that adding a SGLT-2 inhibitor should reduce the risk of heart failure events and potentially kidney failure. A little bit trickier since they also have, you know, both conditions, but the other side effect about SGLT-2 inhibitors that has been studied is that it tends to decrease the potassium a little bit as well. So that's kind of a nice side effect that you may see. So, and then of course it's indicated for kidney disease itself. So there's multiple indications and I think that should really give you the best benefit there to try to tackle those things. I don't have a follow-up slide for, you know, what happens afterwards, but also realize that you start the SGLT-2 inhibitor and the eGFR can drop a little bit again. You know, if it drops, you know, down to 20 or 19, that to me seems pretty reasonable actually and kind of what you would expect with the acute effects of the SGLT-2 inhibitor, but, you know, really just try to make sure that patient's feeling fine, make sure that their volume status is euvolemic and you know, maybe you have to adjust the torsemide. Sometimes, you know, you get the mono-direct therapies and they end up not needing as much or even needing the loop diuretic, and I'll let Dennis comment too after I show this slide. So this is a, this is talking about recommendations to reduce the risk of symptomatic heart failure in the guideline. Dennis, you wanna take this one away? - Yeah, I think you know, the, you have people with symptomatic heart failure. I think you want to first of course identify the cause of heart failure. Typically if patients have symptoms and you obtain an elevated NT-proBNP, the next step would be, if that's elevated of course, to look for structural heart disease, which could be either due to reduced ejection fraction, heart failure with reduced ejection fraction, or increased filling pressures, which are due to heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, and particularly in the latter, a lot of the people will have hypertension, which should be treated first line with ACE, ARB, or beta blockers. If patients have, for example, wall motion abnormality or reduced ejection fraction, history of coronary disease or myocardial infarction, these people of course should also be treated with ACE inhibitor, beta blocker. If people are at high risk for established cardiovascular disease, next treatment then of course would be an SGLT-2 inhibitor. This is to reduce adverse outcomes in people with heart failure, and if there's preexisting CKD, it would be an SGLT-2 inhibitor, probably still first line therapy. If there's particularly albuminuria, finerenone may, has been shown an outcome, cardiovascular outcome tries to reduce associated cardiovascular risk. So that's kind of an add-on. So this is sort of the algorithm that we use in people who have diabetes and diagnosis of heart failure. and this is another slide just kind of showing from US health system data that even pretty recent data, I think this is up to 2022, that, you know, we have low utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors even among those who have a Class 1 recommendation for use in type 2 diabetes, and you know, again, there is an association with reducing risk of hyperkalemia that I wanted to point out, and that also that the eGFR touch points have evolved over time. There's more and more trials in general that eGFR be equal to 20. You can start SGLT-2 inhibitors to reduce cardiorenal risk, and then, you know, even if it drops below that after you start it, you know, you have to assess their volume status and you know how they're feeling, everything, their blood pressure and all that, and in the trials, they actually will keep them on the drug as long as possible. So that is kind of how we kind of simulate using it to reduce cardiorenal outcomes. All right, so for CKD, some, these are pretty, pretty much the same as before, but just to reiterate, you know, what you need to do, make sure that you assess kidney function, and we're really thinking about kidney function as a kind of a more of a multidimensional thing rather than just, you know, eGFR. We're also looking at evidence of kidney damage. So you really want to do the serial albumin-creatinine ratio as a measure of their kidney health, and for people that have established kidney disease, you know, depending on their stage of kidney disease, you might monitor it one to four times per year. You know, one of the good things about doing it, because you might say, "Well, it's the same, you know, what's the point?" But I, one of the good things is if you start a new medication that should have a benefit on cardiorenal risk, usually you will see a reduction in the albuminurias. So sometimes that's something that's very encouraging for patients that okay, we actually see something tangible, but you know, I used to have a 1,000 milligram per gram of albuminuria and then we started all these medications and we've gotten it down to, you know, sometimes even normalizing it from that point with everything we have, and this is just the heat map that we use for kidney disease, just showing different levels of kidney function on the left side with the stages, and then the albuminuria categories on the top there for mildly increased albuminuria to severely increased albuminuria, and some suggestions about the frequency of doing labs and you know, which patients might be better to treat and refer to a nephrologist at different levels as we try to manage these patients together. In terms of kidney disease management, you know, you really, it, a lot of it looks very similar to overall diabetes management. Of course the dietary stuff is a huge part of kidney disease and the first line drug therapies that we have involved, you know, the SGLT-2 inhibitors that we mentioned, you can use metformin up to eGFR 30, make sure that you adjust the dosing as the eGFR gets lower and then stop it at below there. Maximizing the RAS inhibitors if there's albuminuria or hypertension. The statin usage is, it's considered a high CVD risk factor. So everything should be fairly similar to what was described already, and then on top of the SGLT-2 inhibitors and metformin, you know, combining with GLP-1s if needed to achieve individualized glycemic goals or if there's, you know, other risk factors that you wanna address like obesity or uncontrolled A1C, and then considering adding on nonsteroidal MRAs if there's residual albuminuria and the potassium level is normal, and of course you may end up needing to consider potassium binding agents if, you know, you get to pretty more, more advanced kidney disease and you're unable to control the potassium through lifestyle management and try to keep them on the same guideline-recommended therapies. All right, well I think we're gonna open it up to question and answers and I know there's plenty already in the chat here. - So maybe I can ask, Dr. Chang, while people are pulling up their questions. If you look at the first, the first patient case is kind of a typical scenario, right? So although oftentimes the patient will be on metformin and metoprolol as first line therapy, and in fact even now several payers still mandate that patient is on metformin first line therapy from glycemic control, although all the recommendations that we discussed still make SGLT-2 inhibitors and GLP-1 receptor agonists for those patients that we reviewed first line therapy, irrespective of whether a patient is treated with metformin or not. I think I wanted to point that out. The other important part is of course, coming from the cardiology side, I was missing the statin and you know, those are classical scenarios where again, I highlighted that we have to look at everything together. So yes, of course we want this patient to be treated with an SGLT-2 inhibitor, with an ACE or an ARB, but keep in mind this was a patient with type 2 diabetes, obviously should be treated with high intensity statin therapy as we discussed. I think finally, when would you consider adding a GLP-1 receptor agonist for this patient? This is a patient with increased cardiovascular risk and severe obesity. So while, of course, we look at the kidney function and an SGLT-2 inhibitor, but here you could even argue irrespective of the hemoglobin A1C, you could consider for weight management strategies to treat this patient also with the GLP-1 receptor and so then you have the whole spectrum of cardiovascular risk reduction care. So just wanted to point out. The second case I noted was a patient with Rosuvastatin 10. You know, that's probably something we would want to bump up to high intensity statin therapy as well. Yeah, so something to consider. Just maybe one or two words from the cardiology side about the cases to add so. - Thank you, Dennis. Yeah, and I totally agree with you. I think the role of GLP-1s in kidney disease is interesting, you know, because it just, one of the drugs just received an FDA approval. I don't know if I'm allowed to say brand names, but semaglutide, and so certainly in these types of cases, it may not be an exact perfect answer of which one to start first. You know, if you're dealing with, you're dealing with different levels of A1C, different risk factor profiles of, you know, body mass index of 40 versus 25. I think you have to take all these things into consideration and sort of the patient preferences when you're, and of course, you know, maybe, you know, both in many instances if we're able to get the patient those medications. Well, I had looked at some of the Q&As and I put down some notes. Well, I think at least a couple of people were wondering about the use of Omega-3 fatty acids, whether, you know, prescription or over the counter, and what the role is for hypertriglyceridemia currently. - So I think, you know, for hypertriglyceridemia, I do not recommend fish oil because of lack of cardiovascular risk reduction. The only prescription-grade fish oil that has been shown to reduce cardiovascular risk is icosapent ethyl, as in that's made, that's in the guidelines. So that's kind of, that's what we recommend. Supplements, keep in mind, prescription-grade fish oil does not equal supplements, okay? So there are no fish oil supplements with proven cardiovascular benefits. So we do not recommend fish oil supplements in general. - Thank you, Dr. Bruemmer. I, and that's something that, you know, there was some other evidence in kidney disease and I think I, yeah, I've sort of shifted my practice away from using them as well. - Yep. - Now another series of questions I saw in the question and answer was around BNP testing, which is very interesting to me. So, you know, the thought about screening for heart failure in patients that are asymptomatic who have diabetes. Is there a recommended frequency of screening? Any thoughts right at that? - I think there is no perspective evidence that subsequent annual screening is recommended. So the guidelines are not recommending currently subsequent testing. I think testing is recommended when you see the patient initially. When a patient has symptoms, of course, you would want to test again. Another question I see that's pretty common is, any thoughts on CoQ10 supplementation with statin use? The data this, so it's not part of the recommendation and it's not part of the recommendation because lack of consistent benefit seen in clinical studies. Now if patients come to us and are on it and, you know, feel, have the feeling that it reduces their risk for myalgia, I may not take patients off the CoQ10, but I usually do not start it. - Yeah, and the question I see that looks like probably I should answer is on calcium channel blockers. Can calcium channel blockers increase albuminuria, and should you favor ARB or ACE or hydrochlorothiazide in those patients who need greater than one agent? So that is a great question. There is some experimental evidence that dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers can increase albuminuria, disrupt renal autoregulation. In general, if you use it along with an ACE or an ARB, it doesn't seem to have any increased risk, and really the risk of the albuminuria is usually if they're on a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker and their blood pressure's totally outta control, so they're sort of out of that renal autoregulatory zone. So I absolutely would try to combine it with an ACE or an ARB. - I think one important question that I see here, again, we're trying to go through as many questions as we can. So for the audience, if you have, if you're disappointed that your question does not get answered, feel free to contact either of us later on, but I think one question here that I think is very important that we deal frequently with is a totally asymptomatic active person, age 40 to 75, if this person has an elevated calcium score, are they considered to have coronary artery disease and then proceed to an echo, et cetera? So I think first, this highlights a common dilemma. The question is, why do we do a coronary artery calcium score in a patient, or in a person with diabetes? That's not really recommended, right? So if you look at the recommendations, calcium score may facilitate risk stratification and statin treatment recommendation and intermediate risk people based on the pool cohort equation and the risk calculator. Now that does not apply to a person with diabetes. So a person with diabetes should be treated with high intensity. So a calcium score is not really recommended, but if that was done anyway, then I would consider this patient to have coronary artery disease. I think a calcium score does raise the risk, of course, and should be considered coronary art calcium score. Now there's evidence that people even with diabetes with the zero calcium score have atherosclerotic disease, non-obstructive on coronary artery CT angiograms, so meaning a negative calcium score does not confer a risk of zero in a person with diabetes. That's why we don't do coronary calcium scoring in people with diabetes and it's not recommended, so. - I saw a couple questions about SGLT inhibitor usage in type 1 diabetes. Dr. Bruemmer, any thoughts on where we are with research on that and? - I mean, it's not currently recommended. The research is evolving, and I think the guidelines will adapt. - Thank you very much. There's a question about using albumin-creatinine ratio versus protein creatinine ratio in screening. So yeah, this is another great question. The albumin-creatinine ratio is advantageous in that it's more sensitive at the low level. So generally for diabetes, you know, we would recommend using an albumin-creatinine ratio. You may see some, a lot of nephrologists ordering both an albumin-creatinine ratio and a protein creatinine ratio. Sometimes we do that to try to evaluate for other types of proteinuria that are sort of non-albuminuria protein, but yeah, in general for most of your diabetes patients, just using the albumin-creatinine ratio would be sufficient, and there is a couple questions about metformin and I agree, you know, it's always, you know, kind of interesting writing these case presentations and then thinking about all the other possible answers, and I actually agree with you, Dr. Bruemmer. The first case, you know, statin could be added, you could add metformin as well. You know, you could, you will have some associated weight loss with metformin. I don't have the number of the magnitude of it, but I know from the comparative effectiveness literature out there that the amount of associated weight loss with metformin is definitely a lot less compared to GLP-1, at least the newer GLP-1 in general. This doesn't mean that it shouldn't be considered and used as indicated for sure. - I think one patient that, one comment here that is, we encounter quite frequently, which kind of has to do with remission of diabetes. So say there's a patient with a history of type 2 diabetes, no heart failure, no CKD, a hemoglobin A1C that's presented here as 5.3, home blood glucose monitoring, all good. Patient is taking Jardiance, empagliflozin, and metformin. You know, if you see this patient as a new, would you recommend continued treatment with empagliflozin and metformin? I think this is, you know, this is a good question. I think when we have a treatment that works, you know, would we discontinue the treatment? We don't really discontinue a statin for a patient at risk, right? We continue a statin treatment and I think if something works for a patient and the patient's tolerating this regimen very well, I would not necessarily see a reason to discontinue any of those in this combination treatment. I don't know what you would practice, Dr. Chang, but we would, we typically don't discontinue medications that work or that have sort of induced remission. - Yeah, I think, you know, just tying it together with some of the other comments in the Q&A, I mean a lot of it also has to do with some of the, you know, where the patient's at, right? If they're having issues affording medications and you know, certainly if it seems like it's working and we know that it works and reduces cardiorenal risk, you know, I would try to keep them on, but if they're, you know, having problems paying their bills, you know, of course, you know, we consider that, and then with close follow up. Another question on there, I think there was a couple about combination treatments, whether it's better than monotherapy and you know, of course it could be better in any number of outcomes. I will say that if you're talking about kidney disease outcomes, in the recent semaglutide study in patients with diabetes and kidney disease, they did not require them to be on a SGLT-2 inhibitor since it was probably going on at, you know, concurrently with the other trials, but you know, when they, when you pull all the data together, it looks like the effects of GLP-1s on reducing risk of the cardiorenal outcomes, it seems to be consistent whether they're on a SGLT-2 inhibitor or not. So it would suggest that, you know, adding more should further reduce their risk, and then of course that goes along with this polypharmacy question. I'd be curious what you think, Dr. Bruemmer how do you balance the risk of polypharmacy in older adults with increasing number of medications that are indicated as, you know, we get more and more, you know, better and better at cardiorenal risk reduction, you're gonna require more and more medication classes? - Yeah, I think it, I mean I think you have to individualize care and you have to make sure that the care you provide is safe and that the patient is able to follow and pay for these medications. I think again, there are recommendations, guidelines, but then you're, we're still acting as providers who manage these patients. So there's always some individualized aspect of care. I mean we know that in older patient there's generally, for example, statin undertreatment and treating effectively does reduce risk. Now do you need to do that in every patient? Depends on what, you know, what the patient's individual situations. I think these are all great questions to the audience. I think this is fantastic. I think there's one question here that, you know, "Statin therapy is widely underutilized, which type of healthcare provider should take the lead in ensuring that patients with type 2 diabetes are prescribed statin?" And I think any healthcare provider. I mean, you all know the recommendations. If you see the patient, just go ahead and treat this patient effectively. I think it can be any physician. Often it's the primary care physician or you know, it doesn't have to be the cardiologist. This is usually pretty straightforward. Think another great question that I see here, what is the current position of sulfonylureas in the management of type 2 diabetes? Long, the second step of therapy after metformin, still frequently used, but I think clearly, we have much better choices which are much safer. There are meta-analyses which actually show increased cardiovascular risk of sulfonylurea second line, previously second line treatment. So I think if we have better alternatives, I would much favor those, and that's what the guidelines recommend so. - Yeah, and then I see a great comment which I forgot to address there is about the Rosuvastatin dosing, and I think this is interesting one because you know, we, yeah, we're sort of, we're prescribing higher doses. According to the manufacturer, the max dose is 10 milligrams, and I was trying to look up the eGFR cutoff and I'm struggling right now, but there's a certain EGFR cutoff, I can't remember exactly where it is, but definitely more advanced kidney disease, there is some renal clearance and some potential associations with kidney damage at high doses. So yeah, this is a tricky one where I've seen a few cases where, you know, the patients certainly needs to, we need to control their lipids as well as possible, and then some of them will actually have at the high dose some proteinuria that does seem to be associated with it, and then you reduce the dose and then the proteinuria goes away. So it's something I think is important to consider, and you know, generally I would follow the manufacturer guideline on the dosing. - A common question that we get is, "Is there such a thing as too low of an LDL?" This is a very common question. If we, so the answer to that is no, not as far as we know. There are people who have been treated particularly with statin plus PCSK-9 inhibitor in the primary outcome trials Odyssey and 4-E, which actually entered the trials with already a pretty low LDL. Let's say you have a patient with an LDL of 65 and the patient has cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes. You would push the LDL to less than 55 and you may want to use a PCSK-9 inhibitor, which may bring the patient way down to 10 or 15, and those patients were actually analyzed in a subgroup analysis out of those trials comparing an LDL of 10 versus 30. There was actually an almost 30% risk reduction for cardiovascular event when the LDL goes from 30 to 10. So I'm not saying this is part of the guidelines, but there were no notable adverse outcomes. Also in the, you know, one question that always comes, "Does the brain need LDL cholesterol?" You know, there is no signs of cognitive impairment with targeting lower LDL. In fact, there's some evidence that vascular dementia is actually reduced by LDL cholesterol reduction. So I think this is a good question that we frequently get. - Dr. Bruemmer, I was wondering, you know, sometimes I see patients as well as these folks that encounter patients that really should be on a statin and not really sure why they aren't, and you kind of inquire a little bit and they say, "I can't take that." So what, how do you go through that? What's your playbook for that situation? - So I think obviously first you have to, we're talking about people with diabetes, so we have an indication so we can mark that check. If people cannot take a statin and have previously failed two high intensity statins, which would be Rosuvastatin or atorvastatin, we can attempt to get approved statin, non-statin drugs. Next step would be either, you know, either bempedoic acid, which has cardiovascular benefit out of the clear outcome trials or PCSK-9 inhibitor therapy. Often depends a little bit on the insurance. If that is denied, then I think we can go back and try alternative statin dosing or you know, lower intensity statin dosing. I would say in generally, it's rather uncommon that there's not a regimen that we find that works for every patient. You just have to keep working with the patient, so. - Another question I saw up there in the chat was around side effects and management with SGLT-2 inhibitors. So one of them was about, you know, that patient with heart failure already on a loop diuretic who's asymptomatic. You know, should we be proactively decreasing the loop diuretic dose when you start the SGLT-2 and then also, you know, if somebody has incontinence, is that, how much of a contraindication is that for SGLT-2 inhibitors? So happy to hear your thoughts Dennis. - Yeah, I think, you know, typically in clinical practice when we have a patient with heart failure and we add an SGLT-2 inhibitor, we often don't proactively reduce the loop diuretic, but we do obviously check a basic metabolic panel after a week and sometimes, you know, due to the osmotic diuresis, we may be able to reduce the loop diuretic, but it's not the first step. Particularly often when we start the SGLT-2 inhibitors in hospitalized patients with diabetes and are without acute decompensated heart failure, often these people have undergone aggressive diuresis and we add the SGLT-2 inhibitor for heart failure reduction at that time. So I think it's pretty rare that we would reduce the loop diuretic. - Yeah, that's kind of what I've noticed too. Sometimes when I've thought to proactively do it and then I had to, you know, increase it back because they needed it. So I think just close monitoring the most important there, and then I saw a comment about non-dihydropyridine, so rectal diltiazem. There are some studies showing that that does reduce albuminuria actually, so not to, you know, in contrast to the dihydropyridine in calcium channel blockers. The thing with, you know, some of these studies is, you know, we don't really have like, big CVD or renal outcome, you know, trials with these things. So I sort of use that type of information to help guide practice but you know, I don't, I know some people will use a lot more non-dihydropyridine, but I find that it makes it a little trickier when, you know, with interactions with diltiazem, and so it's not something that I personally love to do, and then another question about extreme blood pressures. I mean, really spironolactone is what you need to try there in making sure adherence to medications as most patients unfortunately are not perfectly adherent to the blood pressure medications when they're on that many, and I believe we are at time here. So thank you all for these great questions and we, I'm sure we could stay on for another hour to keep answering more of these wonderful questions, but we hope you enjoyed this session and I don't remember if I was supposed to say anything else at the end. So thank you all for your attention. Dr. Bruemmer, any final words? - No, I thank you again. I thank the group around Know Diabetes By Heart between the AHA and ADA. I can only congratulate you and I appreciate the amazing questions that are alert and smart so you know, again, we all appreciate it and are very thankful. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @drjazz777 [2 likes]: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

00:02 🎓 Webinar introduces ADA 2025 Standards, focusing on updates impacting type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and CKD.
00:36 🧭 Standards are a living document for clinicians/patients; disclosures shown and sponsor acknowledged.
01:13 🩺 Moderator (Dr. Alexander Chang, nephrology/population health) outlines cardio-kidney-metabolic focus.
01:41 🫀 Speaker (Dr. Dennis Bruemmer, cardiologist) specializes in preventive cardiology and metabolic risk.
02:40 💬 No CEs offered; Q&A at end via webinar chat.
03:10 🧱 Session reviews major cardiovascular care changes and new recommendations.
03:42 🎯 Updates include tighter BP goals, simplified lipid management, and integration of newer CV-protective agents.
04:11 🧩 Four pillars: glycemic management, BP, lipids, and evidence-based agents; plus screening and CKD cases.
04:39 📉 Multifactorial control works: Steno-2 showed ~53% CV risk reduction with comprehensive risk-factor management.
05:39 🔒 When smoking, LDL, BP, and A1C are well-controlled, excess mortality in diabetes approximates general population.
06:32 📚 Implementation barriers persist; education remains critical.
07:00 💊 First-line glucose-lowering for T2D with high CV risk/ASCVD/HF/CKD: GLP-1 RA or SGLT2i; HF/CKD → prioritize SGLT2i; consider combo GLP-1 RA + SGLT2i in ASCVD (Class IIa).
08:59 🩸 BP target: <130/80 mmHg if safely attainable; individualized approach emphasized (tightened from prior 140/90).
09:58 🧪 Primary prevention lipids (age 40–75, no ASCVD): high-intensity statin; LDL-C goal <70 mg/dL; add non-statin if needed.
11:26 🛡️ Secondary prevention (ASCVD present): LDL-C goal <55 mg/dL; add ezetimibe and/or PCSK9 inhibitor if statin alone insufficient; combination benefits are strongest in high-risk groups (incl. diabetes).
12:52 🐟 Triglycerides: rule out secondary causes; ≥500 mg/dL → treat to prevent pancreatitis; in ASCVD on statin with persistent moderate hypertriglyceridemia, consider icosapent ethyl (Class B).
13:52 🔗 Concurrent CV/renal risk reduction is mandatory: BP, lipids, glucose, antiplatelets, plus SGLT2i/GLP-1 RA; combo therapy earns Class A in ADA CV section.
15:17 🧪 Screening: no routine CAD testing if asymptomatic; screen all adults with diabetes for HF using BNP/NT-proBNP; consider ABI for PAD in older/long-standing diabetes or microvascular disease.
17:44 🧠 Case 1 (58-year-old, T2D, obesity, albuminuria): best answer = “All of the above”—home BP monitoring, switch sulfonylurea to SGLT2i/GLP-1 RA, and switch beta-blocker to ACEi/ARB.
19:42 🧴 HTN playbook: if ≥150/90, start two agents; combination therapy/pills improve outcomes and adherence; ensure lifestyle therapy; with albuminuria use ACEi/ARB + CCB or diuretic; consider MRA for resistant HTN; finerenone lowers cardiorenal risk.
24:35 🧯 Case 2 (76-year-old, HFrEF EF 35%, stage 4 CKD, K⁺ 5.2): add SGLT2i (reduces HF events, slows CKD; may lower K⁺); do not reflexively stop ACEi; expect small initial eGFR dip and adjust loop diuretic as needed.
28:27 🩻 HF pathway: elevated NT-proBNP → assess for HFrEF vs HFpEF; in HFpEF, treat hypertension first-line with ACEi/ARB or beta-blocker.
29:22 🧩 In diabetes with HF/CAD: use ACE inhibitor + beta-blocker; add SGLT2 inhibitor for HF risk, prioritize SGLT2i in CKD; consider finerenone when albuminuria persists.
30:19 📉 Despite Class I indications, SGLT2 inhibitors remain underused in T2D; they’re associated with lower hyperkalemia risk and can be started at eGFR ≥20.
31:17 🧪 After starting SGLT2i, transient eGFR drop can occur; assess volume status/BP and generally continue therapy as trials did.
31:48 🧭 CKD assessment is multidimensional: track eGFR and serial urine albumin-creatinine ratio (UACR) 1–4×/year by stage.
32:46 📉 Falling albuminuria after therapy is a useful, tangible response marker; ADA heat map guides staging, labs, and nephrology referral.
33:52 🛠️ CKD pharmacotherapy: lifestyle, SGLT2i; metformin to eGFR ≥30 with dose adjust; maximize ACE/ARB with albuminuria/HTN; high-intensity statin as CV risk default.
34:53 🧷 Add GLP-1 RA for glycemic/weight goals; consider nonsteroidal MRA (e.g., finerenone) if residual albuminuria and K⁺ is controlled; use K⁺ binders if needed to maintain GDMT.
35:49 🧾 Payers may still demand metformin first, but ADA endorses SGLT2i/GLP-1 RA as first-line for high CV/renal risk regardless of metformin status.
36:48 🧠 Don’t forget high-intensity statin in T2D; severe obesity strengthens the case for adding a GLP-1 RA independent of A1C.
38:15 ✅ Semaglutide now has a kidney indication; GLP-1 + SGLT2i combination is reasonable when accessible/indicated.
39:16 🐟 Hypertriglyceridemia: only prescription icosapent ethyl shows CV benefit; do not recommend fish-oil supplements for CV risk.
40:24 🧴 BNP/NT-proBNP screening: check initially and with symptoms; no evidence supports routine annual repeats in asymptomatic diabetes.
41:31 💊 CoQ10 with statins isn’t recommended due to inconsistent benefit; don’t initiate, but continuation is acceptable if the patient perceives relief.
42:35 💉 Dihydropyridine CCBs can raise albuminuria; pairing with ACE/ARB and controlling BP mitigates risk.
44:12 🧱 Coronary calcium scoring isn’t recommended for diabetics (statin already indicated); a positive CAC implies higher risk, but CAC=0 doesn’t equal zero risk.
45:48 🚫 SGLT2 inhibitors are not currently recommended in type 1 diabetes; research is ongoing.
46:19 🧪 Prefer UACR over protein/creatinine ratio for diabetes screening; metformin yields modest weight loss vs GLP-1 but still has a role.
47:51 🔁 Diabetes remission on metformin/SGLT2i: if well-tolerated/affordable, continue—don’t stop therapies that achieved control.
49:24 ➕ Combination therapy generally adds risk reduction (GLP-1 effects consistent with/without SGLT2i); balance against polypharmacy via individualized care.
51:24 🧑‍⚕️ Any clinician should initiate statins in T2D; sulfonylureas are less favored given safety/CV concerns—prefer modern agents.
52:51 🧪 Rosuvastatin in advanced CKD: follow labeling dose limits; high doses can provoke proteinuria—titrate carefully.
54:22 🧠 Very low LDL appears safe; further lowering (e.g., to ~10 mg/dL with PCSK9 + statin) reduced events without cognitive harm in trials.
55:59 🧰 Statin intolerance playbook: after two high-intensity failures, try bempedoic acid or PCSK9; explore alternate/low-dose statins—persistence usually finds a regimen.
57:29 💧 SGLT2i practicalities: starting may warrant loop diuretic adjustment; urinary incontinence can complicate use and should be weighed case-by-case.
58:01 💧 When initiating SGLT2 inhibitors in heart failure patients, clinicians usually don’t proactively reduce loop diuretics; instead, monitor closely and adjust after a week if osmotic diuresis allows.
58:30 🏥 In hospitalized patients post-aggressive diuresis, SGLT2 inhibitors are added for HF benefit; reducing loop diuretic upfront is uncommon.
59:01 📊 Non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers (like diltiazem) may reduce albuminuria, unlike dihydropyridines, though outcome trial data remain limited.
59:29 ⚖️ Despite some supporting evidence, drug interactions make diltiazem less preferred; spironolactone is first-line for resistant or extreme hypertension.
59:58 ⏰ Clinicians emphasize adherence checks in patients with difficult-to-control BP, as poor compliance often explains resistance.
01:00:27 🙏 Session concludes with appreciation for the audience’s engagement and recognition of the ADA–AHA Know Diabetes by Heart initiative.

Made with HARPA AI
  2. @noobfromafar8954 [2 likes]: Where does Pioglitazone sit?
  3. @eghamdy [1 likes]: Excellent!
  4. @ShandraSterling-y4i4t: I didn’t realize how much diabetes was affecting every part of my routine until I started seeing improvement. Thank you Sugartonicherb for healing my diabetes.
  5. @barbarahenry5682: I’m allergic to statins. Is there another medication available?

- Diabetes Basics: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all school staff needs some basic knowledge about diabetes diabetes is a chronic disease that affects adults and children it cannot be cured but it can be managed diabetes management is 24/7 you have to time and balance your meals exercise insulin or other diabetes medications and monitor blood glucose levels generally food stress illness or injury can cause blood glucose levels to go up insulin and other diabetes medications and physical activity make blood glucose levels go down glucose also known as sugar gives us energy glucose comes from food especially carbohydrates it's carried from the blood into cells in the body by a hormone called insulin people with type 1 diabetes don't make insulin while people with type 2 diabetes don't make enough insulin and or the insulin does not work properly with type 1 diabetes which used to be called juvenile diabetes the immune system is involved for some reason the body destroys cells in the pancreas that make insulin this type of diabetes is called type 1 diabetes and it is when there is no insulin being produced by the pancreas it's the most common type in children and adolescents the treatment for type 1 diabetes is maintaining blood glucose levels with a balance of food physical activity and insulin in type 2 diabetes the pancreas doesn't produce enough insulin or the insulin being produced isn't helping glucose enter the cells type two used to be referred to as adult onset diabetes but is increasingly being seen in younger people in activity in being overweight are risk factors for type two diabetes so exercise and good nutrition are important to prevent and treat type 2 diabetes in youth sometimes oral medications insulin or other injectable medications are also required but whether it's type 1 or type 2 diabetes the problem is the same the body's own insulin isn't doing what it needs to do to move glucose from the blood to the cells where it can be used as energy not enough insulin means there's too much glucose in the blood because it isn't getting from the blood into the cells in the body this is known as hyperglycemia or high blood glucose too much insulin can cause the opposite problem hypoglycemia or low blood glucose diabetes management is all about keeping blood glucose levels in a safe range not too high but not too low either this means having access to the necessary tools like a blood glucose meter insulin food glucagon and sometimes other diabetes medications and the school nurse and school diabetes team which can include teachers the principal school secretary cafeteria workers and others in order to maintain the proper balance for the students diabetes needs a plan should be documented in the students diabetes medical management plan which includes physicians orders for the student in the school setting and other written care plans and distributed to the school diabetes team diabetes can be serious in the short term if blood glucose levels become too low over the long term high blood glucose levels can lead to complications like heart disease stroke blindness amputation and kidney failure this is why good care is important while diabetes is serious and does require 24/7 care there's no need to be frightened or intimidated the knee of the student can be safely and easily met when the school diabetes team has been properly trained and works together you

  Top Comments:
  1. @fatimahsini5110 [30 likes]: Much relief after going through this stuff https://www.youtube.com/post/Ugkx-ip-9JdKgYMhubLnEjt3OXJkFyS4D2Jd Stress no doubt affects my blood sugar levels. Taking a walk usually help bring them down. Eating sweets is not my favorite, but if i take a large portion of them, my blood sugar level rises high. I think it's the high concentration of the glucose flowing into the bloodstream all at once. This is a lesson worth taking note of. This is a great material to learn from.
  2. @FightBackAgainstDiabetes [6 likes]: You Did Not Choose To Be Classified As Diabetic, But You Can Choose To Fight Back Against Diabetes 💪
  3. @joeairporttransfers4369 [1 likes]: I reversed my type 2 diabetes using a fasting technique inspired by the Bible (specifically, Daniel 1:8-16). I followed this method for three weeks, consuming only vegetables and water.

Initially, my doctor diagnosed me with type 2 diabetes, which was alarming. She urged me to start treatment immediately. However, I decided to research the condition myself and found articles by Dr. Ray Taylor. He suggested that it was possible to reverse type 2 diabetes through a starvation diet.

Despite her disapproval, I informed my doctor of my intention to try this approach. I asked for one month to see if it would work, promising that if it didn't, I would begin her prescribed medication.

After three weeks on my diet, I returned for a check-up. The doctor took my blood and said they would contact me with the results. A few days later, she asked me to come in for a follow-up. When I arrived, she appeared uncertain about how to begin the conversation. Then, she bluntly stated, “Mr. King, I don’t know what you are doing, but we can’t find any signs that you have diabetes, so we won’t need to put you on any medication.”

Interestingly, she didn’t inquire about what I had been doing to achieve these results. I should also mention that I’m not overweight; most of my weight is concentrated in my abdomen. During those three weeks of consuming only vegetables and water, I lost all my belly fat, and as a result, my diabetes disappeared.

Vegetables and Water:

You can use vegetables to make juice, smoothies, or soup. Most vegetables are suitable for these preparations. Here are the ones I used:

Smoothies:
- Kale
- Broccoli
- Spinach
- Cauliflower
- Sprouts
- Avocado

Juices:
- Cucumber
- Celery
- Apples
- Lemon
- Ginger

Soups:
- Kale
- Broccoli
- Spinach
- Cauliflower
- Sprouts
- Asparagus
- Leeks

Herbs for Soups:
- Parsley
- Basil
- Onion
- Garlic
- Coriander
- Scallion
- Cilantro


Culprit:
Fruit is not ideal for those with diabetes or for those trying to lose weight. Let me share two experiences I had while following a starvation diet to reverse my type 2 diabetes.

The first incident occurred during the second week of my diet. I ate a ripe banana, and my blood sugar spiked from 4mmol/L to 12mmol/L. I couldn't believe it rose that quickly, which taught me firsthand that fruit is unsuitable for diabetics.

The second incident happened when I was feeling extremely hungry. My wife decided to prepare me an English breakfast, which included two eggs, two sausages, and two pieces of bacon. Surprisingly, my blood sugar did not rise. This taught me that fat is not the problem; sugar is the real culprit.
  4. @Bedirhanacrxdr [1 likes]: My journey with diabetes has been a rollercoaster ride, spanning over a decade. Over the years, I tried different diets and treatments, always in search of a solution. It seemed like the more I tried, the more I was disappointed. The feeling of being let
  5. @ActiveHealthCare-r8r: Can you make a detailed video on diabetic foods?🤔🤔
  6. @nitrofreak67: Another lie! Type 2 is reversible.  Not looking to cure the appropriate response by the body. This video says its the bodies doing. That's simply not true. Eating highly processed foods,  oils, carbs and sugar made the body use more insulin than it can keep up with including to the point the cells can't keep up so they no longer accept the insulin delivery of glucose therefore insulin resistance and that's high blood sugar and diabetes.  The doctors the ADA and pharmacy don't want to lose customers so they lie about the cause. Wake up!!
  7. @YahuahElohim: I really appreciate this really helpful video.  I have a concern…
One of my students is always high.  I’m running behind her all day checking in with her.  She is a 7th grader and has a pump but her BS is off the chain.  Of course I’ve contacted her physician’s office before and they’ve changed some stuff but I’m really concerned about this child.  Her mother coordinates her care with me.  She’ll let me know every time when student is high and she and I both do the calculations to see how much insulin she needs to correct this.  Can you give me any advice
  8. @droledevie3064: The daily struggle of dealing with diabetes took its toll on my life. Constant doctor visits and medications were a significant part of my routine, and it was a source of frustration. But then, a glimmer of hope appeared in the form of Diabetix from Igrot
  9. @AshrafAli-lw3qc: My journey with diabetes has been a rollercoaster ride, spanning over a decade. Over the years, I tried different diets and treatments, always in search of a solution. It seemed like the more I tried, the more I was disappointed. The feeling of being let
  10. @ericdid7318: Ive been on a lifelong journey with diabetes. Throughout the years, Ive explored numerous methods and therapies in the pursuit of better health. There were moments when the weight of this condition seemed nearly unbearable, and I was ready to give up ho
  11. @helainegardner7971: I think that they should stop making sugar because a lot of people get their feet cut I had my feet cut because of diabetes so they should stop making sugar.
  12. @diabeticdietmealplan: Thank you for sharing Dr. Very informative work indeed.
  13. @barnabasmuplang-nk4fp: Thank you Dr Igudia for being the most trusted doctor among all, your professionalism was on a high standard, thank you for coming to help me out with my type 2 diabetes.
  14. @stephenbamgbose2310: being recommended to doctor Igudia on YouTube has being a great blessing to my family his cure for type 2 Diabetes’s is a genuine one thanks for your good deed toward humanity
  15. @AdegbiteStephen-zz8bl: Thanks you Dr Igudia on YouTube for all you do in my life and my family. I went for a test today after taking the medication i ordered from Dr Igudia and  I tested type 2 diabetes negative. Thanks  doctor I will keep letting the world know about your good work sir
  16. @FolakeBamigboye: Times used to be very Challenging, I had the worst days of my life living with Diabetes,  I appreciate you so much Dr Igudia, You have restored me my life  that was lost already . Thank you so much for curing me of my diabetes with your natural Herbs
  17. @blessin3384: DR. harry herbs on YouTube has treatment for type 2 diabetes, which i contact through YouTube and gave me herbs medicine that i took for some weeks and get cure from type 2 diabetes..
  18. @Victoria-hq1lk: All thanks to DR harry herbs i contacted through YouTube for cuing me from type 2 diabetes with his herbs medicine, true natural medicine is powerful.
  19. @raphihalazios3389: My hope is is back after I lost my fiance my daughter was diagnosed of skin infection lately cure by Dr idialu https://youtube.com/shorts/5Wo9BMbQgmY?feature=share
  20. @emmauya3198: You have my maximum respect Dr Igudia, I am now negative from my Type 2 Diabetes after I did the test, I wonder what might have become of me it I didn't get the herbal cure From your YouTube channel. God bless you sir.

- Meal Planning Made Easy: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm hope washaw a dietician and diabetes educator for more than 30 years I'm the author of a few best-selling books from the American Diabetes Association and I am always pleased to support aba's efforts to make taking care of diabetes just a bit easier for you do you need to change your eating habits are you not eating enough vegetables have you been encouraged to eat more fruit if you have answered yes I have some solutions for you I'll share a few howtos from my book diabetes meal planning Made Easy A book that's designed to help you transition your eating habits you don't need to go on a diet or give up your favorite foods changing your eating habits can be a challenge so it helps to take a a step by step slow and steady approach start by choosing a few habits you need to change make these changes easy to accomplish leave those tougher ones when you've had some successes set two or three smart goals a smart goal is one that is s for specific M for measurable a for attainable R for realistic and tea for time frame specific yes s m a r t smart let's put smart goals into action with the goal of eating more fruits a goal nearly all of us need to do so a smart goal is during the next three weeks I will eat a half a banana or a half a cup of blueberries on my cold cereal at breakfast and and I will pack a small apple or pear to eat as an afternoon snack at work at least 4 days a week I offer plenty of tips to eat more fruits in my book diabetes meal planning Made Easy here are a few serve fruit with a main course applesauce with pork roast pineapple with ham don't just save it for dessert keep dried fr Frozen and canned fruit packed without sugar on hand so you'll never be without make sure that fruit tags along with you take a piece or two to work grab a piece if you'll need a snack along the way since vegetables are high in nutrition and low in calories I've included plenty of ways for you to fit in more vegetables in my book try adding sauteed onions peppers and mushrooms into an omelette a tomato sauce or onto a frozen pizza or even in casseroles add vegetables to sandwiches lettuce sliced tomato sliced cucumbers or be more adventurous with Sprouts or slices of red pepper make double and triple portions of vegetables like broccoli or green beans eat them hot as a side dish dip them in a tasty yogurt dip for snack or add them to a salad I've given you a strategy for changing your eating habits along with tips for fitting in more fruits and vegetables you'll find plenty more of these tips in my book diabetes meal planning Made Easy the book will also help you learn how to fit in convenience Foods sweets and also alcohol all of these tips combined can help you control your weight and glucose to stay healthy for the long run keep in mind it takes about 6 months of practicing a new eating habit for it to become your new way of eating so keep it up thanks for watching and please take good care of your diabetes

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulsalvaterra [6 likes]: So u recommend  a lot of carbs, shame on u
  2. @philais [5 likes]: 1/2 banana 15 carbs, Bran Flakes (1 cup) contains 27g total carbs, The average cup of milk has 12 grams of carbohydrates, regardless of fat content. Total breakfast carb 54
I can't wait to see what is for lunch and dinners with all the snacks too!🤣
  3. @honeyalmontereynoso7609 [1 likes]: Many comments here questioning this authorized dietitian are absurd. 😂😂😂😂
😊 These are great smart steps, always start with whatever you have at hand, and just adjust on the way.❤
  4. @kristoforlearmonth4939: How much more expensive is a diabetic diet, compared to a regular diet? How complex is food preparation, and how much planning is required before hand?
  5. @KeshavKataria-j7d: Karela Capsules from Planet Ayurveda are helpful in reducing sugar absorption.
  6. @terrencemorgan4083: Give up your day job
  7. @bourjoism3917: Crazy lady
  8. @AngieAngie-d5t: Angie Nanez
  9. @stonerman4206: What a joke
  10. @ForeverHealthUS: woww
  11. @nocarbssince2023: I can’t believe, all these foods are recommended for diabetics. It will lead any healthy person to diabetes.
  12. @onceagain77: ADA American Death Association wants you sick and on meds.
  13. @carolobrien3520: Very informed
  14. @connect2docplanetayurveda379: YOU CAN FOLLOW PLANET AYURVEDA'S DIET CHART FOR HEALTHY LIVER
  15. @OneTimWhatley: This is just terrible advice for Type II diabetes patients. Eat more fruit? You've got to be kidding. ADA is coming around to lower carb diets. They should remove this video.
  16. @olayinkaidriz9510: I’m taking this time out to appreciate Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my diabetes type 2 with the natural herbs supplements I ordered from him after I came across his YouTube channel.
  17. @philais: 30 carbs in Branflakes, 14 carbs in half a banana, small apple 21 grams....all kinds of ways to eat carbs...the #1 cause of,,,diabetes.......eat carnivore, then you don't have to buy a book....cure your diabetes
  18. @olanrewajukabeerat3485: If the world had more people like you, it would be a better place.  You make a difference, Dr Igudia thank you for curing my Type 2 Diabetes and introducing your medical products to the worlds.
  19. @stephenokwori1882: My heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you Dr Igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my Type 2 diabetes you are amazing.
  20. @vivianjennifer4089: I want to personally take time out to appreciate Dr Igudia on his YouTube channel for the herbs medication I ordered from him in curing my type 2 diabetes disease completely within just three weeks of using his natural herbs supplements

- What’s Wrong with the AMERICAN DIABETES ASSOCIATION? (Bad Advice) 2026: Kind: captions Language: en being diagnosed with type 2 diabetes is terrifying and one of the first places that any health care provider will point a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic to is the american diabetes association website because they have lots of free materials to help educate a new type 2 diabetic on what they should and shouldn't do and what they can expect from type 2 diabetes i'm dr ken berry a family physician with 20 years of clinical experience and i've went down the rabbit hole of the american diabetes association website for type 2 diabetics and i'm going to share with you what i found you may not believe it but it's true many type 2 diabetics think there's just no hope for ever reversing type 2 they think they are doomed to a life of weird food lots of pills and injections lots of diabetic complications and an early painful death nothing could be further from the truth but where are these type 2 diabetics getting this information i'm afraid they're getting it from the american diabetes association i went to their website and there's actually a link if you're newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes click on the link and they ask for a lot of information from you telephone number mailing address all of your demographic data i'm interested to see if i'll start getting drug ads in the mail i'll keep you updated on that but they have a series of booklets for newly diagnosed type 2 diabetics the first booklet is called where do i begin and so i downloaded this booklet and you can do this too i'll put a link in the show notes and i want to go through this booklet uh step by step and show you the accidental misinformation in this book and how it can utterly confuse a type 2 diabetic rob them of hope rob the mother health and guarantee them a life of diabetic medications and diabetic complications this video if shared with a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic could literally save their life it could help them to reverse their type 2 diabetes and keep it from ever coming back it could give them a lifetime of a normal blood sugar and a normal hemoglobin a1c so please share this if you know a newly diagnosed or existing type 2 diabetic now here we are on page four and the ada says when people first find out they have diabetes they're often sad mad scared or feel guilty and i agree with this i think that's true but we don't want them to keep feeling that way we also don't want them to feel powerless or hopeless and that's what the remainder of this book is going to make the average diabetic field on page 5 of this booklet the question is asked what is type 2 diabetes and i'm proud of the ada for this because that is the most important question that every type 2 diabetic should ask and here's what they say when you have type 2 diabetes and this is a quote your body does not make enough insulin or use it well or sometimes both now this is complete and utter misinformation first of all that's not even the diagnosis or that's not even the definition of type 2 diabetes type 2 diabetics without exception are still making insulin and their insulin molecule is just fine if you check a c peptide or a fasting insulin level on a newly they're going to be high but according to the ada they're either not making insulin or their their insulin is somehow uh inferior it's not not shaped right it's not formed right but so this one sentence basically makes a type 2 diabetic think well i'm just broken somehow my pancreas is either not making insulin which is not true or it's making some kind of weird mutant insulin that's not working so i guess i'm just broken i guess i'm at the mercy of my doctor and the ada and these pills and injections for the rest of my life so when you start out defining type 2 diabetes incorrectly you're not educating a type 2 diabetic you're miseducating them and so immediately a type 2 diabetic is going to become confused remember these feelings that we were talking about earlier confusion doesn't help a type 2 diabetic understanding what type 2 diabetes actually is and actually what causes it would help a type 2 diabetic much better than misleading them the next paragraph says there is no cure for diabetes but it can be managed so immediately we're talking about medical management here there they do talk about diet in this booklet and i'll get to that it's not pretty but immediately we throw the word managed in there which implies medications which implies prescriptions and lots of doctor visits again nothing could be further from the truth if you understand that type 2 is in fact carbohydrate overdose syndrome which leads to hyperinsulinemia therefore if you if you called it carbohydrate overdose syndrome you would immediately know oh i'm eating too many carbohydrates so if i stop doing that my type 2 diabetes will get better and in fact reverse or be cured or go away or however you want to word that now on to page six where the ada says checking your blood glucose or blood sugar if your doctor prescribes it so every type 2 diabetic watching this you absolutely need to monitor your blood routinely ideally with a continuous glucose monitor so that you can learn from your blood sugar your body will give you feedback if you wear a cgm continuous glucose monitor or check your blood sugar with a glucometer multiple times a day one hour after you eat you'll learn very quickly which foods spike your blood sugar therefore lead to all the bad type 2 diabetes complications and you'll learn which foods don't spike your blood and therefore make your type 2 diabetes better but they're implying that checking your blood sugar is kind of optional you know if your doctor prescribes it then you should probably do it otherwise we don't really have an opinion on that the ada should strongly recommend to all healthcare providers and to all type 2 diabetics that a continuous glucose monitor is mandatory in order to lower your a1c and lower your daily blood sugar now on to page seven the ada says that if you're overweight or obese your provider or diabetes care team may suggest you try to lose weight some weight that's true losing weight can improve your blood glucose see actually it's the other way around because they do when you lose weight your blood sugar comes down but actually it's the blood sugar coming down that helps you lose weight because when your blood sugar returns to normal so does your insulin and that allows your fat cells to actually burn off the stored fat so you lose weight by lowering your blood sugar not the other way around another little uh misspeak here by the ada now let's look at this next this is also on page seven what does healthy eating really mean now this sounds important and indeed healthy eating for a type 2 diabetic is the most important thing it is 99 of the battle towards reversing your type 2 diabetes so the first checkmark says eating a variety of foods including vegetables whole grains fruits low-fat or non-fat dairy foods healthy fats and lean meats or meat substitutes so let's go through this vegetables yeah eating vegetables is okay whole grains wait a minute aren't grains high in starch does is it starch just a long chain of sugars doesn't the starch start to break down immediately in your mouth before you even swallow it and turn into sugar isn't any kind of bread even whole grain bread gonna spike your blood glucose yes yes it is but yet that's the advice from the ada fruits now most people hear that and they're not thinking about raw fresh raspberries blueberries strawberries they're thinking about fruit smoothies and fruit juices both of which are going to spike your blood sugar off the chart eating occasional fruit is a type 2 diabetic is okay but having lots of fruit especially in liquid form on a daily basis is going to make your diabetes worse not and then what about low fat or non-fat dairy so if you're drinking skim milk that's actually going to make your type 2 diabetes worse there's no fat in skim milk so all that's left is the protein which is good and lactose which is a milk sugar that breaks down into galactose and glucose you you remember earlier we were talking about blood glucose levels so when you drink sugar in the form of skim milk your blood sugar is going to spike that's going to make your type 2 worse not better so why is the american diabetes association recommending these things so next is paying attention to portion size so they want you to eat smaller portions which is basically sustained semi-starvation for the rest of your life nobody can do that try not to eat too much of one type of food so it literally doesn't matter what type of food it is but you shouldn't need too much of any type of food even though there's a list of hundreds of delicious foods that don't spike your blood sugar at all you don't eat too much of those spacing your meals evenly throughout the day so they want you to eat three meals a day with snacks in between each of these meals and each of these snacks they want it to be a high carbohydrate meal or snack so we're going to keep your blood sugar high all day long does that sound like that makes sense for a type 2 diabetic it doesn't and then they say not skipping meals so the american diabetes association they don't want you to fast and skip breakfast or skip dinner they want you to eat three meals a day with three snacks in between there's tons of research that shows that intermittent fasting or longer fasting helps bring your blood sugar back to normal helps bring your hemoglobin a1c towards normal so why are they saying don't skip any meals it's almost as if their goal is not for you to reverse or improve your type 2 diabetes it feels like they have other goals but i can't imagine what they would be since they are the american diabetes association on page 8 9 they have a a spread that shows the classic my plate diagram and they say that you should fill the largest section so half your plate would be non-starchy vegetables i don't have a problem with that that's that's fine for most type 2 diabetics and then there's they say you should fill one quarter of your plate with starchy foods such as noodles rice corn beans and potatoes but wait a minute earlier we said that starch is just a long chain of sugar molecules stuck together and that you have an enzyme in your mouth called amylase that starts to break down this starch into sugar into glucose before you even swallow it yet the american diabetes association is dedicating a quarter of your plate to things that are starch rich and basically sugar rich but they're telling you you must have a quarter of your plate covered with these starchy foods why why would they say such a thing and then the other quarter section is going to be protein foods such as fish chicken eggs tofu and lean meat and then they say fruit low-fat milk or low-fat skim yogurt can be part of your diet as well again the lactose in these things are going to spike your blood sugar sky high over on the right hand side of page nine they actually go into detail about grains and starchy vegetables they say whole grain breads where whole is the first ingredient such as whole wheat or whole oats as if it being a whole grain somehow makes it magically not contain which is sugar so whether it's highly refra refined grains or it's whole grains it's still full of starch it's still full of sugar it's going to spike your blood sugar what is the ada doing here uh cooked cereal such as oatmeal grits hominy or cream of wheat all high in starch all going to spike your blood brown rice whole grain pasta barley whole grain tortillas and whole grain nine all rich in starch all going to spike your blood sugar potatoes green peas corn lima beans sweet potatoes winter squash all full of starch all going to spike and finally whole grain crackers and fat-free popcorn as if fat has anything to do with type 2 diabetes at all type 2 diabetes is a problem with glucose or sugar and insulin it has nothing to do with eating fat so again whole grain crackers and popcorn are very high in starch and they will raise your blood sugar so what's the ada doing here on page 12 there's more information about checking your blood glucose again they say that you may do that if your provider suggests that or orders that or prescribes that again this is mandatory if you've been diagnosed with pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes you absolutely need to know what your blood glucose is the majority of the day so if you eat according to the ada guidelines and you check your blood sugar an hour later that's going to give you immediate feedback that hey i probably shouldn't have eaten that because that spiked my blood sugar off the charts but again they imply that if your doctor orders it you might want to do that it's not that big a deal page 13 is all about medicine and there's a big picture of red capsules on the page and all these questions how much medicine do i take how often do i take my medicine already indoctrinating you that if you're a type 2 diabetic you can well and ready expect your physician to get out the prescription pad and write you a prescription for one or two or three pills for your type 2 diabetes and ultimately a prescription for insulin for your type 2 diabetes because it's not reversible it's only manageable and you can really only manage it with medications on page 14 is the question how do you feel when people are diagnosed with type 2 diabetes they may have many different emotions including a sense of loss anger fear shock sadness guilt i agree but more and more tattoo diabetics are having other emotions such as a sense of betrayal by the ada a feeling of disappointment in the ada a feeling of mistrust of the ada because as people discover a low carbohydrate diet or a ketogenic diet or a carnivore diet they find that their type 2 diabetes starts to immediately improve starts to get better in fact in many many cases in hundreds of thousands of cases as a matter of fact it completely reverses back to where they have a normal blood glucose and a normal hemoglobin a1c so the ada really should be concerned about how type 2 diabetics feel because many type 2 diabetics are developing negative feelings towards the ada on the last page of this helpful little booklet is a link to a website called diabetesfoodhub.org so dot org means it's a non-profit organization and it's fully endorsed by so many diabetics trying to answer the a type 2 diabetic should ask which is what the hell should i eat in order to be as healthy as possible they'll go to diabetesfoodhub.org and they'll look at the recipes and here are just some of the recipes that they're going to see flan which is delicious but it has 22 carbohydrates per serving 13 19 grams of sugar per serving and this is on the american diabetes association approved diabetesfoodhub.org they'll also see superfood smoothie that's got to be healthy right well it's got 26 total grams of carbohydrate and 14 grams of pure sugar per 1 cup serving have you ever just drinking one cup of a smoothie i haven't i always drink a lot more than that and then you'll see the blueberry yogurt lemon bars and these look delicious but the tiny little serving they recommend which is like a morsel contains 10 grams of carbohydrates 6 grams of sugar which is a teaspoon and a half of sugar per tiny little serving and i can promise you no human being no adult human on the earth is going to eat just one little square of this delicious little lemon bar we're going to eat more than that and that's going to spike our blood sugar sky high on to the next one we see many peach crisps mini is actually in the name meaning a very tiny portion size that no adult human would ever be satisfied eating these little suckers which is probably one ounce serving has 20 total grams of carbohydrate and they don't even tell you how much how many grams of sugar is in this because you don't want to know this is going to spike your blood sugar skyhide and then finally the high fiber gluten-free brownie and that has 12 grams of carbohydrate per tiny serving this little batch is supposed to make 12 servings in what universe it has five grams of total sugar per tiny little serving so by giving you these tiny little serving sizes they're setting you up for failure because no adult human is going to eat this tiny serving size we're going to eat two or three or four of these not because we're glutens but because we want to eat food until we're full and this tiny little morsel is not going to fill us up they have multiple recipes on this website that are full of sugar that are full of starch that are going to raise your hemoglobin a1c and keep your blood sugar sky high and necessitate you having to take more and so this brings us back to the question what what's wrong with the ada are they really trying to help type 2 diabetics have the lowest hemoglobin a1c possible or are they trying to help the donors of the ada such as the big pharmaceutical corporations that make insulin injections who donate millions of dollars a year to the ada a lot of people accuse the ada of being in their pocket now i don't believe that i believe this little booklet is full of just honest mistakes i don't think that they're in bed with big pharma these all these recipes are full of grains and sugar and and other sweet things that are going to spike your blood sugar they're full of potatoes and full of of pasta surely i mean they they also get millions of dollars of donations from from highly processed big food manufacturers but i don't think there's a conspiracy i think this these are just honest mistakes by the ada i really think they have the best interest of every type 2 diabetic to heart but they've somehow gotten confused on what type 2 diabetes is and what the proper foods should be that are type 2 diabetic eats and also whether you need medicine or not as a type 2 diabetic i'm not attacking the american diabetes association i'm just confused by their definition of type 2 diabetes that they give to every newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic why would you want to confuse type 2 diabetics right off the bat with with an inappropriate uh inaccurate definition of type 2 why would you want to uh plow the field and fertilize the field of future prescription medications why would you even bring that up for a newly diagnosed type 2 diabetic why wouldn't you focus 100 on food and and helping them understand hey you can keep this under control with food for the rest of your life you never need to take a prescription but they don't do that and i'm i'm very confused by that the fact of the matter is is that miss tracy brown who's the current ceo of the american diabetes association she controls her type 2 diabetes with a low carb diet but yet they don't want to talk about that for newly diagnosed type 2 diabetics miss brown who i have great respect for she talked about her low carb diet and how it worked great for her on a podcast and then she hasn't mentioned it since almost as if someone reached out to her and said hey ixnay on the low carb bay okay that's not helping anybody and by anybody i don't mean they i don't think they meant type 2 diabetics because it would definitely help them and actually i'd love to extend an invitation to ms tracy brown right now to have a live discussion with me on this youtube channel on my facebook page wherever i would love to pick her brain about how she uses a low carbohydrate diet to control her type 2 diabetes and how that works great for her and why doesn't the american diabetes association put anything about a low carbohydrate diet in the very first booklet that they give to newly diagnosed type 2 diabetics why is the only thing they want to talk about prescription and high carbohydrate foods please explain that to me tracy brown or anyone at the american diabetes association this is an open invitation i'm i don't want to debate with you i don't want to argue with you i just want to discuss this and chat with you and try to help people understand why you miss brown use a low-carb diet to control your diabetes but it doesn't seem to be good enough for all the other newly diagnosed type 2 diabetics please come on and let's chat about this inconsistencies like we discussed in this little booklet are they happen ubiquitously throughout medical practice and that's why i've made it my mission in life to reach as many normal people as i can to try to help them understand that very often the medical advice you get are given the nutrition advice you're given is incorrect and it will first of all not help you be healthier but it might even harm your health that's why i do what i do and if you'd like to support me so that i can reach even more people please sign up on patreon.com it's a super quick sign up and you can throw a buck or two my way so that i have more time and more resources in a larger reach so that i can reach out and help newly so that they never have to suffer from the disastrous complications that are going to come from a life of a high carbohydrate multi-prescription type 2 diabetic life this is dr barry i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @tarab7773 [231 likes]: We are.morally obligated to share this video with any type 2 diabetic
  2. @josebrivera1716: The ADA leadership needs to face the death penalty for all the harm and death that they have caused.
  3. @MikeMo365: I disagree with you...this is corporate greed, plain and simple.
  4. @MikeMo365: I had an HgA1C of 10.8 when diagnosed.  I went on Metformin..with the MISSION of being off of it in 6 months...started tapering at 4....Off in 6...Low carb...ALWAYS low glycemic...High protein...daily exercise...monitoring sugar..This CAN BE DONE.
  5. @MikeMo365: The site actually says not making "enough" insulin in some cases...Not an ADA cheerleader...just wanna clarify that. Thanks for your honesty and bravery Doc....
  6. @MikeMo365: The site actually says not making "enough" insulin in some cases...Not an ADA cheerleader...just wanna clarify that. Thanks for your honesty and bravery Doc....
  7. @MikeMo365: Dr. Berry, I hope you can answer this, because I have big respect for you and your work. Why won't the word "cure" be used?
  8. @chuckbogdanowitz2785: @ KenDBerryMD.  I CAN almost guarantee you the ADA is got their hands in the pockets  of pharma  n the food industry.  There's  no mistakes  or misunderstanding.
  9. @Me-bd9iz: How are black beans?
  10. @iknovate: Thanks for this! While I've preached this routinely in a brain-body movement class, one member finally ended up in the ER yesterday and now is going to take this seriously. All the things i mentioned just this morning, you've reiterated here. I've recommended they listen to this BEFORE going to see the nutritionist.
  11. @glenbohannon4318: This video message is so brilliant! I discovered these things myself as I followed the ADA diet. I was starving all the time because so little fat was allowed. Low-fat dairy options are not satiating. If you eat “good” fats such as avocado and nuts—oops, you’ve just run out of fats! If you check the recipes they suggest, you’ll see lots of artificial sweeteners. Why does the ADA want you to continue to develop your sweet tooth? Seems like one should focus on sustainable lifestyle changes in terms of food and diet.
  12. @Jay-h9d9h: I believed it since I was introduced to them 17 years ago when i was diagnosed type 1 and nothing i was told was rational.
  13. @mariehughey5390: Your sarcasm is funny to me. Boomers were raised on this diet of high carbs and low fat.  Some people can’t have their old minds changed. I am sharing current information such as yours. But eyes glaze over quickly.
  14. @Turtle42082: I worked at an optometry office for 7 yrs as a technician, and I will say I don’t recall ANY Pt who was a T2D who checked their own blood sugars. They all would tell me they take their metformin and their Dr checks their sugar (3 mos, 6 mos, or annually! 🤦🏻‍♀️). Any time I said, “you should think about checking it at home” they scoffed at me.
  15. @Turtle42082: Their website is disheartening. They’re so concerned with kid-glove handling, don’t want to offend anyone. “Try to eat less of these: refined, highly processed carbohydrate foods and those with added sugar. These include sugary drinks like soda, sweet tea and juice, refined grains like white bread, white rice and sugary cereal, and sweets and snack foods like cake, cookies, candy and chips.”
Just say AVOID these. People will made their decision to ignore you or not. Why make it sound like you should have them, but less of them…? 🤦🏻‍♀️ They also called tomatoes a vegetable, which is annoying to me. Lol!
  16. @Richard-pt4vf: Ok Folks i had been type
Two for 25 yrs a1c was 6.6 1 Met. 1000× 1 daily
180 lbs 5' 9""  went low
Carb cluple yrs a1c, now
5.4 med free
  17. @tlbfarm4473: Did the ADA ever respond to Dr. Berry's invitation to debate?   🤣
  18. @jimgaspari2363: This is a great video and helped me understand a lot more about this topic.  I have been dealing with Type 2 for two years now.  My doctor recommended low fat, low carb diet when I was diagnosed. When I looked at what that meant, I basically staved myself for the first two months. Because I was on the standard medication, while following the low carb diet, my blood sugar was so low most of the day, that I began to crash hard whenever I exercised.  When I would test my BG with the strips when this happened, I was in the 60's...which is not good.

I started to eat "normally" with a lower carb diet, I was able to get my HbA1c from 10.2 down to 4.8-5.2...which is what "normal" people have. 

I started to see all of these commercials for medications that are trying to help people lower their A1c, and I was confused as to why this was a thing. I now understand why, it's because all of the information they are getting is just not good.

Thanks Dr. Ken.
  19. @barnabasmuplang-nk4fp: Thank you Dr Igudia for being the most trusted doctor among all, your professionalism was on a high standard, thank you for coming to help me out with my Type 2 diabetes.
  20. @YisroelSimcha: Yea know… I have NO problem pointing this out… the ADA WANTS your diabetes to get WORST! They WANT you to be dependent on meds. I reversed my diabetes with keto and I’m off all meds.

- Healthy Swaps for Recipes and Meals: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Aviva Goldfarb of the six o'clock scramble and I'm delighted to be partnering with the American Diabetes Association encouraging you to eat well America no one wants to give up longtime favorite meals when they build out a diabetes meal plan unfortunately no one needs to with a few substitutions you can make favourite meals a bit healthier plus you'll enjoy new and more flavorful twists on classic dishes for instance try substituting olive or vegetable oil for butter lard shortening or margarine a fine olive oil not only packs in healthy monounsaturated fats but it has a wonderful flavor profile that adds a Mediterranean Flair instead of salt add herbs and spices to dishes sprinkle some rosemary thyme oregano and pepper over grilled meats instead of a salty rub and you'll get a lot less sodium and a lot more flavor using nonfat Greek yogurt provides a wonderful richness and tang and recipes that call for sour cream and using peanut or almond butter instead of butter or margarine on toast is satisfying and a good source of healthy fats other substitutions to consider go with whole grains whenever possible in breads pastas and rice choose water or unsweetened coffee or tea instead of sugary sports drinks and sodas it's almost always better to chew your calories than drink them in the dairy aisle go with 2% and skim or nonfat options which will give you the flavor with less saturated fat and fewer calories there are dozens of additional substitutions and common sense is often the best guide but don't be afraid to experiment you'll often find that healthy swaps can introduce wonderful and surprising new textures and flavors to your meals you

  Top Comments:
  1. @KeyserTheRedBeard [1 likes]: amazing video American Diabetes Association. I broke the thumbs up on your video. Always keep up the wonderful work.

- Diabetes Basics: Create Your Plate: Kind: captions Language: es-ES Nutrición y Alimentación Saludable Crear Su Plato Es fácil. Usted solo tiene que crear su plato. Déjeme explicarle. Primero mire su plato, que debería ser como de 9 pulgadas de largo (22.8 cm). Después imagínese una línea que corre en el medio de su plato. Divida uno de esos dos lados en dos secciones. Llene el lado más grande con vegetales sin almidón como ensalada, arvejas, brócoli, coliflor, repollo, zanahorias y tomates. En una de las secciones pequeńas, ponga comidas con almidón como fideos, arroz, maíz o papas. En la otra sección pequeńa ponga sus comidas con proteína. Esto incluye comidas como carne roja, pescado, pollo, pavo, o sustituyentes de carne como el tofu. Finalmente llene un vaso de 8 oz (236 mililitros) con leche baja en grasa junto con un trozo de fruta o media taza de ensalada de frutas y ahí tiene su comida planeada. Visite http://stopdiabetes.com (en inglés) para saber más y ayudar a ponerle un Alto a la Diabetes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zimsfedi8396 [127 likes]: My oldest son is in his early 20's and he has type 1 diabetes. But thank God for this piece of article https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxVYhghKWmrUgXARZ_ydZTvmmcrw5L0I5i At first he thought he had the flu and was lying down on the bed for three days until his sister took him to the hospital. They took his blood and it was 600. What I do not understand is how he could have gotten it, since no one in the family has it. But he is winning the battle now. This is good stuff.
  2. @sandymorrison1400 [10 likes]: Eat this, then read your CGM...you will be seeing a huge spike. Stop eating carbs.
  3. @DoNotBeAfraid1010 [9 likes]: Perfect plate for creating and worsening diabetes, nice one.
  4. @nitrofreak67 [4 likes]: Thanks for another inaccurate assessment of proper nutrition
  5. @mmdddd3340 [1 likes]: Potato???
  6. @YisroelSimcha [1 likes]: Yea no… if I followed that I’d be starving… I eat huge salads, a nice stake… lots of butter…I’m never hungry and I reversed my diabetes… the ADA WANTS people’s diabetes to get worst based on this horrible advice they are giving here.
  7. @stephenokwori1882 [1 likes]: My heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you Dr Igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my Type 2 diabetes you are amazing.
  8. @AshabaDerick-p7i: Well explained.... short en precise!!!
  9. @RWJSJG: When was this filmed
  10. @JMWexperience: Starchy vegetables and rice ARE NOT HEALTHY! Shame on the ADA for promoting this garbage!!! Oh, that’s right - I forgot that most of the money that supports the ADA comes from junk food manufacturers and big pharmaceutical companies!
  11. @wendellas3420: These people are killers!!!! Go KETO PEOPLE NO DRUGS TO KEEP THESE PEOPLE IN BUSINESS!
  12. @ronniefoster5099: Recommending grains, fruit and milk which all contain high carbohydrates, starches and sugars that spike blood glucose is irresponsible. I guess  this government agency wants you to stay on insulin and drugs.
  13. @olanrewajukabeerat3485: If the world had more people like you, it would be a better place.  You make a difference, Dr Igudia thank you for curing my Type 2 Diabetes and introducing your medical products to the worlds.
  14. @kristoffrobinson434: Can drinking water prevent diabetes?
  15. @monicasunday7270: I thought my body would never be the same again, but you fixed it. My heartiest gratitude to you Dr Igudia for helping me cure my Type 2 Diabetes successfully
  16. @vivianjennifer4089: I want to personally take time out to appreciate Dr Igudia on his YouTube channel for the herbs medication I ordered from him in curing my type 2 diabetes disease completely within just three weeks of using his natural herbs supplements
  17. @austineogar7885: I used to think having Diabetes disease was the end of life for me but all that change when I came across Dr Igudia on YouTube who gave me his natural herbs medication which I used in curing my type 2 Diabetes .
  18. @jennycarrgreenwood651: I really can’t stop thanking Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes with the natural herbs medication which I got from him on his YouTube Channel.
  19. @aaronlina8794: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  20. @yoriyori4145: Meeting Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease.

- Management of Hyperglycemic Crises in Adults with Diabetes: Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon. Uh, welcome to today's session. I am Noel say I'm an endocrinologist in Boston and I am the senior vice president of healthcare improvement at the American Diabetes Association. I am honored to introduce the ADA's updated guidance for managing hypoglycemic crisises in adults with diabetes that was just published uh 15 minutes ago on diabetes care. Um, >> uh, this new consensus statement delves into pathogenesis, diagnostic criteria, clinical presentation, treatment methods, and prevention strategies for these life-threatening emergencies, specifically a diabetic keto acidosis and hypoglycemic hyperosmolar state. Uh, applying this new guidance will be instrumental not only for the treatment of these crisises, but also for for preventing them. um improving and refining current treatment and management strategies utilized by health care professionals to enhance outcome for people with diabetes. Uh it gives me great pleasure to introduce my co-chair and chair of this consensus statement uh Dr. Oier. Dr. Omperez is a professor of medicine in the division of endocrinology and past president of the American Diabetes Association for Medicine and and we miss him very much. Let me just tell you that uh Dr.'s 's research has made sign made significant contributions to the fields of endocrinology. His interests span a wide range uh from studying the mechanisms of beta cell dysfunction in minority populations to the prevention um of acute and chronic diabetes complications. His work also focuses on hospital management of patients with diabetes and hypoglycemia. He has shared his findings through more than 500 scientific manuscripts and book chapters and has presented over Yeah, it's true uh 400 research abstracts at national and international scientific meetings. And with that, I'm going to pass it over to Dr. Perez. Oh, she step down. So, thank you so much for being here and thank you Noah for a beautiful introduction and and for serving as co-author of these guidelines and more importantly for guiding and making sure the ADA invited what I think are the major diabetes societies in Europe and in the United States. So I believe this guidelines or this document is going to be a global document and during the past two months we have worked together with the European Association of Study of Diabetes, the Joint British Society of Diabetes in Patient Care Ace and Diabetes Technology in getting together this document. So this here they are has some potential disclosures that I have to give to you and let's get started. So the first guidelines of the American Diabetes Association was published in the year 2001 with Avi Kitachi leading that publications. We reviewed that in 2006 and in 2009. So between 2009 and now 20 15 years later we have no document on the ADA. So we thought that we can do it with the ADA alone presented to you that we thought that we should go and have a big group of people. So we have five organization leading these consensus and there are papers like Kitan Daria who says you know there's so much in the literature so we have to update these guidelines. So finally the ADA heard us and we got it just to give you an idea where we are. So if you do go to PMED and you just search diab hyperglycemic crisis and there are 13,000 publications since 2009 to last month and most of them are diabetic ketoacidosis and HHS or hyperglycemic hyperosmoler state about 770 most of these publications are review papers half of them written by Dr. area. So, so, so it is time to review the guidelines. So, the objective of these guidelines is to provide an up-to-date knowledge about epidemiology, pathophysiology, the clinical presentations and recommendation for diagnosis, treatment, and prevention. We also did a systematic review. There have over 3,000 emails that we worked during the last two years communicating and exchanges ideas. and we have the help of staff from the ADA um and helping us in getting this publication together. So we want this to be a target audience the full spectrum of every single individual who is in dedicated to diabetes care. This will include clinician diabetes care team educators and every provider or every professional that deal with diabetes. So the ADA we selected these individuals because all of them are expert in this area of impatient glycemic control and hyperlycemic emergencies. Errol H from University of Washington. Roselina McCoy that now is at the University of Maryland that you already met her. She is a professor at Harvard and she's one of the vice president of the American Diabetes Association. and my friend Bob Cabe who is also a professor at Harvard and has now worked for the ads as chief medical scientific officer. We contacted the European Association of Study of Diabetes and they selected two persons. One John Pablo Fadini from Italy and Shivani Misan from the UK. The joint British society selected kiten that of course you know because we have all read this literature. Georgia Davis was sitting here in front was a representative for ACE and Rulo Galindo and David Clonov were representing the diabetes technology societies. For these guidelines we have eight questions or clinical practice that we're going to address today. The first is epidemiology. What is going on with epidemiology not only in the United States but around the world? pathogenesis, diagnostic criterias, and you will learn today what we think are the new diagnostic criterias, what have changed during the past 15 years and what we recommended today. Treatment not only in the hospital but also at discharge and we paid a lot of attention in this publication and how do you manage patient in the hospital and when they go home. we're going to have complications of treatment a very important criterias because we know that some of these complications like hypoglycemia like hypoc calmia associated with two-fold increase in mortality we will not discuss today diabetes and special populations and future areas of research so this is me and I think that I admire these three group of people first Bon and Bess who were the first who disced discover insulin now 100 years ago mortality of DKA before the the discovery of insulin was 90 to 95%. Now mortality has come down to less than 1% in this country and in Europe. And what you're looking at here with a little arrows there is each one of those recommend represent a pancreatic extract. And you're looking to the left is the glycosura and to the right is the disappearance of ketonura in patient with just a single and a few injections of pancreatic x-ray. and George Alberti, professor sir um who has the person who in before 1973 the amount of insulin that was given to resolve decay was somewhere around 500 units. There was 5 100 units IV or subq every one or two hours. and he published a paper that says seven to 10 units intramuscular is equal to 50 to 100 units given every hour. So he really changed the way we manage people with diabetic ketoacidosis. And my mentor who passed away now a couple years ago, Abby Kitabachi who did all the randomized control trials but is good phosphorus is good bicarbonate. How do you treat with subq IV versus as IV versus subq and he is the person that to me represent the person who really changed the way and guided us in randomized control studies. With that introduction, let me introduce to you my friend George Davis from Emory University who's going to discuss epidemiology, global trends, cause and mortality. Thank you. Um what a nice welcome and it's really lovely to be here today with this group of people I've worked with for so long now and get to see in person. um my disclosures will start this and I get the opportunity today to really sort of set the stage and provide a little bit of context for the discussion that will follow speaking about the general trends and hypoglycemic crises and and then also touching a little bit on the cost of these emergencies and what's happening in terms of mortality. When we look at the general trends here, we see that unfortunately it's um not something nice to report that contrasting what we were seeing in the early 2000s, there's actually a rise in the rate of these hypoglycemic emergencies in adults with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. It's a little more difficult for us to get population level data um for for DK and HHS combined and HHS alone um due to some of the coding. But we also know that unfortunately recurrent episodes of hypoglycemic crises are common both here and in Europe. Something I think important also to touch on is that um there are a lot of patients with um African-American Hispanic adults who present with newly diagnosed diabetes with DKA and they have an underlying phenotype of type 2 diabetes known as ketosis prone diabetes. And this is an important metric to take a look at. We have reduced mortality in DKA but um it has remained high in HHS and overall it seems to be plateauing in DKA that reduction. This is a study out of Atlanta Emory Healthcare System Hospitals looking at the frequency of each of the hypoglycemic crises. You can see here that patients who presented to these hospital systems was over a 10-year period. 38% of those crises were classified as DK alone. 35% were isolated HHS, but there was a really significant percentage that were combined DKA and HHS. And this becomes something to really monitor for in terms of outcomes and mortality, which we'll touch on in a couple of slides. This is a study, a retrospective study out of England looking at the rates of DKA in adults with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes in England. You can see that the rate of DKA in type 1 diabetes is obviously much higher than for patients in type two diabetes, but the trends are a bit different. So over the years, there was a significant increase in the rate of DKA between in the early 2000s for patients with type 1 diabetes that sort of stayed stable towards 2013. Contrasting, we see that the rate of DKA and type two diabetes has been consistently increasing. I think we would be remiss not to mention COVID and how that changed the rate of decay and the impact and how that may um affect us going forward. When we look at DKA here, this is a study out of England during the CO9 pandemic on the rates of DKA among patients with newly diagnosed diabetes. So here we can see there are three waves of the pandemic. the first post first and the second wave and looking at rates of DKA among those new cases of diabetes we see that they are much higher compared to the rates that were pre- pandemic and this is something to think about going forward I don't think we have a great explanation for some of this data and thinking about how we can prevent and identify patients at risk is important as we move from that infection thinking about precipitating causes it's different um depending on the location where you But overall worldwide infection is still one of the most common precipitating factors for DKA followed closely I think here especially in the US by insulin omission. So we know that that is a a really big problem here. We also need to mention use of SGLT2 inhibitors and their risk of DKA particularly uglycemic DKA. This first line you see here is actually from a review, a metaanalysis, excuse me, of randomized control trials using SGLT2 inhibitors among patients with type 1 diabetes. What we see here is we know that within that data, the risk and odds of DKA were increased by over three-fold for patients with type 1 diabetes. When we compare that to patients with type 2 diabetes from both randomized control trials and observational studies, we see again there's a significant increase in the rate of DKA and the risk. So the odds are at least twofold with the use of SGLT2 inhibitors. Thinking about how that affects us in our hospital systems, we also want to know how do we treat it and do people come back? We know that readmission is a significant issue after we treat DKA regardless of how it came about in HHS. But here we see that there are different predictors for patients who are at risk for readmission. This is among patients with type 1 diabetes and they had a 19.4% 30-day DKA readmission rate. To me, overall, that's really high. So, if you have patients and 20% of them are coming back to the hospital, we need to think about how we're addressing that issue. when they looked at those patients who did come back. So of that 19.4% actually a very large percentage of them came back with a primary diagnosis of DKA. The general trends in cost um are expensive here in the US. Um costs are increasing despite a small decrease in the length of stay for treatment of DKA here in the US. The length of stay in the hospital here is a bit shorter than in the UK. But the costs are much higher and they have been higher among patients with type two diabetes compared to patients with type one. This is sort of a summary in pictures of what I just went through. So we can see the overall trend in cost for DK admissions adjusted for inflation is on the rise here in the US despite again a an improvement in length of stay. And there's two more slides. >> Looking at the cost of DKA in the UK, we see that actually it's it's much lower. It's about 10 times less expensive than here in the US despite a slightly longer length of stay around 5 to 6 days compared to 3 to 4 days here in the US. Moving on to the mortality rates from DKA, we know this is a problem. So DKA has had a high risk of mortality for a long time and it's actually worse for patients with type 2 diabetes who present with DKA. HHS mortality is higher but has decreased some in the recent years and DKA mortality has kind of plateaued. We know that the rates of mortality depend on the resources we have where we are and how much um is dedicated to treating it. So our outcomes do depend on um in income for the country. This is an retrospective uh review of data out of Japan looking at patients with type 1 diabetes and inhosp So they identified different predictors of inhosp mortality among these patients um that almost had a three-fold increase on each one. So patients who were sicker had a higher charl coorbidity index, patients who were septic, patients with type two diabetes um in in lie of type one and then obesity. They identified other factors that were also positively associated with that in hospital mortality. And you can see here that overall patients who were sicker maybe older um and of male sex had higher rates of inhosp mortality due to DKA. This is back to the study that came out of Atlanta, the Emory Hospitals. This is a survival analysis for patients with different types of hypoglycemic crises. You can see here that the patients with the lowest survival rates are those with combined DKA and HHS compared to even HHS alone. So, it's really important that we start to understand how we identify and treat patients differently based on what is um present on their um admission. This slide is addressing the importance of figuring out how we prevent and assess the risk of recurrent DKA. This might be a little bit small, but you can see the the survival analysis shows in the blue line patients in their first episode of DKA compared to those in the green line that have had between two and five episodes of DKA. And then at the bottom you see the lowest survival curve for those who have had greater than five episodes of DKA. We know that there are certain factors that increase both the risk of DKA recurrence and the outcomes that these patients will have in the hospital. Um the number of readmissions and DKA um episodes is one of those factors but the age at diagnosis also matters. Patients socioeconomic status matters um and how they are being treated. That is all for my brief introduction. Thank you very much. Appreciate it. and I'll hand it over to Dr. Dire. >> Okay, my turn. Um, thanks everybody for staying awake so far. So, I'm going to be talking about the pathogenesis and diagnosis and I expect there to be some gasps of breath, sharp intakes from the Americans in the audience uh because there are going to be some changes uh than uh compared to what's going on at the moment. So, those are my dualities of interest. So uh you don't necessarily need to take pictures of the slides. They are all downloadable from the diabetes care and diabetes loader websites from today uh in much better resolution than you're going to be able to photograph. So I just warn you just try and listen to what we're saying. That's maybe the easiest way of doing it. So uh that you'll be very glad to know that the pathophysiology of DKA and HHS has not changed. Uh and really we've just illustrated it in a slightly different way to what's been done before. Uh and so we're going to just divide it into those three sections. The first one is just looking at the top. Uh and on this slide really the right the left to your left is DKA and to your right is HHS. And so what you can see here as we all know at the beginning it's essentially just um the most common cause is infection. We've heard also about insulin omission or insulin insufficiency for whatever reason. uh and depending on how great that insufficiency is or what the underlying pathophysiology is if you look at the uh left to your left if you get have absolute insulin deficiency of course you will then develop DKA if you have relative insulin deficiency so you have sufficient insulin to uh ensure that you continue to suppress ketogenesis then you develop HHS and of course added to that you will get a rise in counterregulatory hormones because you are sick and that will change your levels of glucagon in particular cortisol, growth hormone and so on. If you then look at as a result of those what happens if you have absolute insulin deficiency then your cells require a different energy substrate to allow them to continue to survive because they can't take glucose uptake because you've got no insulin. So you start getting lipolysis and that will lead to the liberation of free fatty acids and glycerol which will contribute to glycogenolysis in the liver but also glucanogenesis as well. and together with the glucanogenesis that will raise your glucose concentrations in your circulating glucose and that will give you the osmotic diaresis which I'll come to in a second. But again if you have absolute insulin deficiency and you get the lipolysis of course that will lead to uh an increase in ketone concentrations and the rapid increase in ketosis will give you ketoacidosis. And then if you just look at the bottom bit here, if you look on the right, the hyper keonmia, the hyper sorry, the keto acidosis, but again as I mentioned, if you have the rise in glucose as well, uh then you will get the osmotic diuresis, you'll develop ins volume depletion and as a result, you'll get the concentration uh of um sorry, you'll get an impairment of renal function as well and that'll give you the hyperosmalarity and overall you've got you can you know I'm sure those of you who look after people with DKH. So you can picture this. You understand the pathophysiology. You understand the pathway that people have gone through before they get to your front door and under your care. And added to that, of course, you've got the B at the bottom, you've got the inflammation and oxidative stress, which also uh can add to the complications. Be prepared to take some breaths. Right? So again, this is this is not new. You you understand this. the differences between DKA and HHS developing uh different over different periods of time. DK obviously developing much quick more quickly than HHS. Usually people with DKA usually are alert. Of course we all know that people can vary in that. They can come in absolutely comeosse as well. But with HHS it's much more common for people to come in with impaired cognitive function compared to their baseline. And of course they as I've just mentioned they all usually all present with polyura polyypipssia weight loss and volume depletion. You may get some nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain as we all know with DKA. Uh but the most common causes of HHS are usually underlying coorbidities. So as we all know infections, stroke, MI, anything else is as a precipitant going on to steroids for example, anything as a precipitant of HHS. And of course you get the cosmile breathing uh for the respiratory compensation in DKA. And as we've already heard from Georgia Davis telling us that there's the epidemiological data suggests that about a third of people present with a mixed picture of DKA and HHS. And if you get that you need to treat them for DKA not HHS because they are different. Okay. These are the new diagnostic criteria. So the glucose concentration is supposed to be greater than or equal to 200 milligs per deciliter. It's 11.1 mill moles per liter or a history of diabetes. That accounts for people who may come in with uglycemic DKA. So you don't necessarily have to have a higher glucose at all to diagnose DKA. You need to have the D, you need to have the K, you need to have the A. You cannot diagnose DKA without those. Sounds blindingly obvious, but there are many people who go, you got vomiting, hypoglycemia, you got DKA. No, you've got to have all three criteria. So, you've got to have a glucose of greater than 200 or equal to ketosis. So, we are recommending the use of beta hydroxybutyrate, ideally at the bedside, okay? Not a sendaway test. But if you can't get it, then do a sendaway test or you can measure urine ketones which is a very much second best and you can use that and it's two pluses or greater on urine ketone strips and a metabolic acidosis with a pH of less than 7.3 or a bicarbonate of less than 18 millm moles per liter. Breathing again why these are the new things that have changed. Okay, so you've got the lowered cutff for glucose. Why? Because other than pregnancy in every other situation, if you've got a glucose above 200, you've got diabetes. Why should it be above 250 for DKA? Why should it be any different? So that's the reason it's come down to harmonize it across the world. DK glucose above 200 is what defines diabetes and added a prior history of diabetes to account for glycemic decay, which is more common now that SGLT2s are being used. And of course uh recognizing that there's a wide range of glucose concentrations at the presentation and as I've mentioned 10% of people account for uh glycemic decay. So with ketones because bedside ketone monitoring is very much more available than it was than the previous iterations of the ADA guidance and many parts of the world have used bedside ketone monitorings as a way of diagnosing and monitoring treatment. It's now recommended that that's what you use because it is at the point of the bedside. It takes seconds and you can make a diagnosis and you can make treatment decisions based on ketone concentrations at the bedside and but if you don't have that then urine ketones are as I said are very much second best but you use beta hydroxybutrate for a number of different reasons not apart from point of care. It's because beta hydroxybutrate is the predominant ketone in DKA and when you're you when you're measuring urinary ketones you're measuring urettoacetate and beta hydroxybutrate is converted into acettoacetate when you are resolving your DKA. So you may get a high concentration persisting in the urine and you are lulled into thinking actually this person's still got DKA when actually they are resolving. And also, of course, as we all know, if you're dehydrated, it may take your patient hours to pee. And then what you're measuring in the urine is an average of since they last had their emptied their bladder, not what's going on there and then, which is what your bedside point of care measurement will allow you to measure. And of course, there are lots of things that interfere with urine ketone measurements. Now, as you all remember from the previous guideline, there was a table on how you measure severity. And there is still a severity uh table, but we've realize that you do not have to have everything to diagnose severity. Severity is a clinical decision made by you at the bedside. So, you've got to have the D. You've got to have a glucose greater than 200. Uh you've got to have um the K and depending on the level of severity. So here you see the K between 3 and six is mild or moderate. Greater than 6 millm moles per liter would be severe. You've got to have the A. Okay? You got to have the D. Got to have the K. Got to have the A. If it's A, you can see there if you've got greater than 7.25 to 7.3, it's mild. Bicarb of 15 to 18 is mild. And you can see there 7 to 7.25 or a by carb of 10 to 15 would be moderate. And of course, pH of less than seven or a bicarb of less than 10 would be severe. And we all agree with that. That's I don't think there's uh too much argument there. Mental status is a bit more uh subjective of course. We've all seen people who have got phes of uh you know 6.9 6.8 who are completely wide awake, no problem whatsoever, young and fit. So which category they come into? Difficult. But that's where the clinical decision comes in. You need to decide how you categorize that individual in front of you. What is new, of course, is that we've suggested the level of care that those individuals need to be looked after if somebody's got mild DK. And because this is a global consensus document designed to be used anywhere in the world in any uh resource setting, we've suggested that if somebody's got mild DKA, they can stay in the ER potentially. They can go onto a regular ward if necessary or an observational nursing unit. If somebody's got moderate DKA, they need to be in an intermediate care unit or a step down unit or wherever you call a general ward potentially. But if you've got severe DKA, ideally you need to be on an intensive care unit. But once again, the location of care is a clinical decision. It's up to you, ladies and gentlemen. It's up to what resources you have that would determine where that individual is looked after. Not everybody's going to go to an intensive care unit. Not everybody's going to be looked after on the ward. It's where you have availability and what you believe is best for that individual in the resources that you have available to you. HHS. So of course HHS is a completely different beast and therefore the diagnostic criteria are very different. So here we have the H hyperglycemia a glucose of greater than 600 which is greater than 33.3 mill moles per liter. You've got to have the H the hyperosmolality. Okay. And here this is new. You have either the effective or the total osmality. And the total is the addition of ura in millim moles per liter. Whereas the effective is just uh the sodium and the glucose. And of course that's some you know depends on what you've got. It takes into account people's renal function as well. Of course it's the absence of significant keinemmia. It's not often in medicine you diagnose something by not being there. But this is a case where you have to say this is this person is not ketomic. And again, it's a ketones of less than three. You're in ketones of less than two uh less than two plus. And it's the absence of an acidosis. Your pH is greater than or equal to 7.3 with a bicarbonate of greater than 15. And you can see there the change from before the by carb was lower to 15 where it previously was 18 because it just allows for that extra degree of acidosis that does occur in people. But it it's essentially you've got to have HBH and the absence of acidosis. But as we've mentioned there is an overlap epidemiologically with a one-third of people having both. But if you have both you treat them as DKA because it's that that kills people more quickly than HHS. So in summary ladies and gentlemen these are the changes. It's a recognition of the variance of glucose concentrations at presentation to allow for the lowering of glucose including including uglycemia. It the benefits and convenience of beta hydroxybutyrate because of point of care measurement and in the availability of tracking recovery far more quickly if you do it at the bedside and it's an attempt to harmonize the same levels across the world. So this is truly a global consensus document with HHS. It's similar to previously, but it's the addition of total or effective osmolality uh to account for dehydration and it's a recognition that a large number of people who present with hypoglycemic emergencies present with both conditions. Thank you. >> Well, thank you very much. um everyone for coming. Um I want to thank the ADA for supporting this work and many of you guys are sitting here and my committee colleagues for listening to me and the million emails and texts and phone calls. So I'm going to move on. So So uh Kan already presented a little bit of on the updates on the new diagnostic criteria. So I'm going to be talking about the management and the transition and I need to do that in 10 minutes. So So if you can manage DKA in 10 minutes then then good. So let's move on. So uh these are my conflicts and then we're going to be moving into the classic picture. So uh it was easy to change but at the same time it required a lot of work. If you remember from the prior iteration we have five columns. Now we have three simplicity in medicine means more time for care patient care. So first is insul uh fluids IV fluids in fluids then insulin and then potassium management. And I'm going to review each of them. Okay. And then at the bottom here, at the bottom, we have some comments on on on the the resolution. Okay. So, that is the same picture that you have in the publication. So, you'll bear that in mind. And then bicarbonate, we just took it off of the main um graph because it really doesn't make a big difference unless the pH is less than seven. And then phosphate as well. We had that coming there. So, fluids, insulin, and potassium. And then let's talk about fluids. So, so what fluids to use that took about 50% of the emails and the 50% of the time discussion. But this is basically you know how it works. So you review the evidence and you know the the committee gets into a consensus. So you first need to determine the the the hydration and status of the patient and very simple we have three. So you have severe hypoalmia or my hypoalmia or you have cardiogenic shock and then based on your local availability cause and resources you determine what fluid you should use. We're not saying use X or Y and Z. We're saying what you have available then use it. There is some evidence that balanced crystalalloid solutions may result in greater in faster decay resolution and shorter length of state in the hospital and also less hyperchlormic acidosis. So if you can use it these are the benefit. If you don't have it then whatever you have available is what you can use. Ideally, you replace those fluids uh deficits within the first 24 48 hours. And then this is basically going back to medicine to medical school and learning how to replace fluids. And then also to be caution to be be cautious because not everybody comes with you know guidelines sign in the front. Some people have uh some people have renal disease and diialysis some people have other comp morbidities. So the complexity of care of that patient will dictate your clinical judgment on deciding how much fluid. Do not use the saying IB rate of fluid replacement in people on diialysis for example. Same thing with you know pulmonary edema and so on. So next insulin. So insulin extremely important after fluid resuscitation. So and then we have three ways to do insulin and this goes in concordance with the classification of diabetes or DKA whether is mild, moderate, severe and this also will guide you where the patient needs to be treated can be treated in in ER observation unit or it needs to be in the intensive care. So there we have mild DKA and these go back to the table that Kitan presented. These people can be safely treated by subcutaneous frequent uh insulin injections randomized control trials plenty of them for many years from Emory um from professor and kitan as well. So validated this sometime this patient cannot be treated by subcutaneous insulin you can use IB insulin we're not saying that is not a possibility just basically whatever is more convenient to your to your setting and then there we have moderate and severe DKA for uh for se HS for that situation you need uh and then we listing here the starting doses for each situation whether it's DKA or HSS and how to adjust and I'm not going to be that specific because then we lose, you know, um, uh, track of what the point is, I'm going to drive you down when to switch and adjust. All right? So, when the glucose is less than 250, if you do not do something, the patient will have a bad outcome such as hypoglycemia and so on. So, that's why we're recommending to do some changes here and then including adding glucose solutions um to the um, infusion. All right. So, so I'm I discuss all of these and then to change the the solutions. Okay. So, potassium and as you see there are three uh um schemas. So on top is the low potassium. That one needs more attention. In the middle is the normal potassium range and at the bottom is a hyperc calmia which of course you just don't need to be that aggressive at that point. So so uh carefully uh with correction of uh starting insulin before correction of potassium. So that is classic there. No changes on that. And then try to maintain the level that we're recommending here. So low potassium levels less than 3.5 are present in five to 10% of patients and have been associated with increased mortalities. Hypocalemia causes increased mortality in DKA. So if you can avoid it, do please and care for your patient. So mentioning now criteria for resolution for DKA and then HHS. uh so a benos pH of more than equal to three or bicarbonate more than equal to 18 ide a ketone uh uh concentration or less than 6 and ideally a glucose that is less than 200 you do not need to have all of these criteria and then you don't need to have all of these to move the patient out of the ICU this is your clinical judgment this is a scientific definition not a clinical per se definition this is how we want the studies to be done but of course how you care for your patient is how you do it in your hospital use clinical judgment and then criteria for resolution of HHS this is uh something new it require a lot of work because not too much there and I remember uh I'm hearing Keith I'm talking about this because uh not too much but anyway so the definition comes to when the calculated serum ality or measure serum mality less than 300 when the hypoglycemia is less than 250 we have some uterine output and the cognitive status has improved. We did not say normalize. So very hard to have that in the diagnosis. Some people have events that may not normalize. So improve clinical adjustment. Something called the art of the medical science that we learn medical school. So how we transition this patient out of the unit. So classic. So from IB or intensive subcutaneous frequent subcutaneous injections to to uh most less intensive subcutaneous injections. So here we pro providing some guidance. Uh Chievani right here and Georgia uh applause for these detailed tables of many many hours of work. Anyway, some factors to consider what dose of insulin and how to do it here. And then we have three choices whether is weight based the pre-mission insulin utilization of that patient. And I'm going to make a comment here. Everybody comes to the hospital with DKA and you ask them and they are taking 100 units every day but there is a reason why they came to the hospital. They may not be taking 100 units. All right. If insulin omission is the most common cause, use your clinical judgment. If you feel the patient is not taking insulin, don't use this because that's why he's in the hospital because he's not taking 100 units. And then the other option is what was the IB insulin requirements of that patient during the prior at least 24 hours. So we provide some guidance here. And then uh this is basically something to practice and to teach and torture your students at home. So what else to do then? So start a subcutaneous dose. Keep in mind that subcutaneous insulin needs some time to start working. Do not stop the IB insulin infusion until that time has passed and that has to do with the specifically basal insulin um subcutaneous that we're saying one or two hours of what we're saying here. Ensure that you provide 24-hour insulin coverage. So if you don't going to do it then you may need to continue diabol and so on. So do not start SGLT2 if the patient is coming with SGLT2 associated DKA. If they do need it for cardiovascular, cardioral, then talk to everybody else in the team meaning cardiologist, nefologist and at discharge to decide because it's more safety in this case is a safety question more than efficacy. Okay. And then we don't recommend oral agents and then we don't have big comments on u uh the ultra ultra acting long uh ultra longacting insulin that I'm going to make a comment in a second. Okay. So what uh so big comment on long acting uh on basil long acting insulin. So yes you can use long acting basil insulin when the patient is still on the IB insulin infusion. There are few studies on these and so far they may reduce rebound hypoglycemia after stopping the IB insulin. They protect from recurrent uh DKA. So many people have recurrent DKAS when they are transition off the IV insulin by using subcutaneous long acting basil insulin you can prevent that and then based on the randomized control trials the dose is 0.15 to.3 the the document has better guidance on this and and keep in mind that this dose is not the full insulin dose replacement that this patient needs. This is just as a backup of that IV insulin infusion that you're using. When you transition then to full sukq insulin, you need to recalculate the whole thing again. Okay. And then with that, I finish and I will welcome David Clonoff. I'd like to thank ADA for organizing this program. I'm going to be speaking about hypoglycemic crises and diabetes complications and discharge with emphasis on discharge. These are my disclosures and this is the question I'm going to ask today. How can hypoglycemic crisis be treated to avoid complications and readmissions? By way of introduction, I'm going to be covering potential complications that must be considered and prevented during treatment of DKA and HHS. And then what we need to think about once we've followed the treatments we've heard, namely at the time of discharge to avoid readmission, it's necessary to assess three factors. Patient factors, social determinance of history, and introduction of technology. So this slide uh written by Dr. Golindo uh emphasizes that there are uh frequent readmissions with DKA and what he reported in endocrine practice was that in the US about one in every patients with DKA is rem read readmitted within 30 days and 41% of those are readmitted specifically for recurrent DKA. So these people are very possibly going to come back. So, I'm going to uh list some potential complications that we'd like to be aware of and try to avoid when treating a hypoglycemic crisis. So, these include hypoglycemia uh from excessively vigorous insulin treatment. You have to cut back when you reach a glucose level down to around 202 to 250 or even infused glucose so that you can keep giving insulin to get rid of the ketones. hypocalemia because sometimes the potassium level in the body is lower than you think. You can't only go by the uh blood level potassium uh normal anon gap metabolic acidosis. This is a type of hypercchlormic acidosis uh which Dr. Lindo mentioned and if you reach a point where you have metabolic acidosis but you haven't cleared the ketones then it's definitely time to go to a lactated ring or some kind of a balanced crystalid thrombosis there's no definite uh approach to this. If the patient seems to be at high risk of thrombosis you could use an anti-coagulant but it's not considered routine just to be aware of it. A cerebral edema fortunately is very rare. This happens when you're correcting hyperatriia with a hypotonic solution. Osmotic demyination syndrome also formerly known as central pontene myelinosis. This is the opposite when you're correcting hyponatriia with a hyper natriic solution. This is a rare complication. And finally, if you can't prevent dehydration, there's a risk of acute kidney injury. So having covered complications in the hospital now I want to use the rest of my time to talk about factors to assess at discharge to avoid readmission when the patient has hypoglycemic crisis. The first of the three is patient factors that can affect the risk of readmission after DK and HHS. Uh this is a report from Taiwan where they looked at what are the factors people have who tend to get readmitted either for DKA or HHS. So for DKA, poor glucose control and that's something we've all seen often. These are people who weren't in good control before they came in the hospital and uh these are the people that are most likely to come back. Uh these people can benefit from diabetes education and survival skills. HHS often is a completely different disease. It's not necessarily precipitated by failing to take insulin, but it's usually a severe version of a comorbidity associated with dehydration. So, there's a variety of diagnoses that can lead to HHS. So, what they reported was that you need a comprehensive assessment. Don't just say, did you take your insulin? And you need interdisciplinary collaboration because there's so many reasons why a person can develop HHS. One of the reasons why people can be readmitted is when they have cognitive impairment. You want to give them some information and some help, but if you know that there's cognitive impairment, uh it may not work as effectively as you want. So uh this uh this study uh looked which was in diabetes care looked at what are the like what's the likelihood of readmission when there's cognitive impairment and what's the likelihood that post dis that discharge uh education can prevent uh readmission in the face of cognitive impairment. So the we're looking at the risk of readmission. The red column looks at the extra risk of readmission in a group that has cognitive impairment versus no cognitive impairment. Not surprisingly, the people with cognitive impairment have a hard time learning and they're going to have a 35% higher risk of readmission. So, you really want to work with these people or even get them into a skilled nursing facility or make sure that they have very close family supervision. Now if you know that you have cognitive impairment how much does it help to provide these extra services? Well uh this group went and looked at and they found that by including post discharge care they decrease the risk of readmission by 27%. So be aware of the risk of cognitive impairment and these people need extra attention. Now these are patient factors. Is there such a thing as a physician factor? Every one of us has sort of told this joke probably in a in a snarky way. Don't come into the hospital in July because you get new interns, new residents, and they don't know what they're doing. We've heard that. So, uh, at St. Louis University, they looked at 470,000 admissions for DKA, and about a sixth of them were during the month of July and August. What did they find? Well, in the yellow box, what they found was actually, maybe surprisingly, no increased length of stay, no increased complications or mortality for these admissions in July and August versus the rest of the year. That's the only paper I'm aware of that's actually looked at this sort of snarky comment and it it didn't hold water. So, when you have the patient factors and you're thinking about them, this is a list of actions related to these factors that are intended to prevent DKA from recurring. You want to identify a precipitating factor such as an acute illness or emission of insulin which we've covered. You want to review techniques for insulin injection. Also blood glucose testing their pump insulin pump testing. Recommendations to test ketones. Assessment of insulin effectiveness. Have they been keeping the insulin where it's supposed to be either at room temperature ideally but definitely not too hot? And how's the expiration date? Finally, you may need to have a mental health referral or social work team if you find uh depression or social determinance of health. The second factor is social determinance of health which can affect the risk of readmission. Um this study from John's Hopkins looked at the association of socioeconomic status and DK readmission and people with type one uh DKA. Not surprisingly, what you see in highlighted in yellow that people in the lowest income quartile had nearly a 50% increased odds of 4 DKA readmissions. So these are the people at highest risk. Also other factors were younger age, female sex, Medicaid, Medicare, no insurance, and not surprisingly discharge against medical advice. Uh this is a study uh from uh St. Louis University that looked at predictors of recurrent admission. These uh results are similar to what Georgia presented. The four factors above the line were risk factors for readmission. The two below the line were not risk factors. So age less than 35, history of depression, self-pay versus insurance, alcohol and substance abuse. Any one of those four will increase the risk of readmission. But in this uh large study, they found no increase for race or for A1C above or below 10.6. Finally, an area that I'm particularly interested in is technology. Can you introduce technology to decrease the risk of readmission after DKA and HHS? I'll show some examples of technology that have been shown to be effective. One of these is novel interventions in children's health care from uh Oregon Health Science University. It's a text messaging program. And what they found was fewer readmissions after DKA and different ways of looking at it when they had text messages. Another method is use of continuous glucose monitors upon hospital discharge. And Tiffany Tian who's one of the diabetes technology society interns wrote a paper on this topic. And recently Guiermo and I completed a study both at Mills Peninsula Medical Center and Emory looking at this. And we found that people who are issued a CGM at discharge actually have a lower rate of readmission. Smart insulin pens, as we've seen, if a person isn't taking their insulin, they're probably uh not going to do too well. And finally, ketone monitoring is very important. People need to learn how to do that. So, in conclusion, the action steps that I recommend, which are how to avoid readmission when discharging a patient with a hypoglycemic crisis. First be aware of the common complications during the crisis such such as what was on my list which is in the article that's been published. Then consider patient factors at the time of discharge to avoid readmission. Then consider social determinants of health at the time of discharge to avoid readmissions. And finally consider potential uses of technology at the time of discharge to avoid readmissions. Thank you very much. Thank you so much for your attention. And now we'll we'll be taking questions. There are microphones at the beginning of the room. >> And before somebody comes and ask question, let me just tell you that the the whole document is about 25 pages long and we have 150 references. And what we try to do today is just to talk to you about the most important point that we thought that to share with you in this 1hour presentation. So I hope that we look forward to hear your feedback. Um our emails is there. So questions >> first. Hi Schaefer Bader uh University of California San Diego. Thank you for doing this. Um we're all very excited for these changes. It's past due. I do have a question actually um some something that Dr. Galindo mentioned discussing the the sort of scientific resolution criteria for DK and HHS saying that these are scientific uh definitions not necessarily clinical and I'd be curious to see how that's discussed in the guidelines but I would say I think it's very important to have clinical definitions of resolution because we'll all be dealing with hospital guidelines teaching residents teaching fellows when we can actually say this is resolved when we can get people off drips etc. So I'm just curious what your thoughts are on that. >> So I anybody can comment of course but I think that what we're trying to provide is a specific cut off that says no kitonmia so far but we have there are some comments that the decision to trans transfer a patient from the ICU to a regular floor and from the floor to home or from the ICU to home cannot be defined by that number. And and we all know this. We have people with pH 6.9 talking and walking and we have people with a pH of 7.35 who are not responding. So clinical adjustment needs to be the lead factor for that decision. >> And and the main difference or may change on resolution of GKA in this guidelines is that we're not recommended onion gap for resolution of GKA. about 30% of patients that admitted with GKA has mixed acid based disorders and we in this country use normal saline instead of crystalalloid or lactate ringer. So people go from a high anogap to a normal anogap metabolic acidosis and if you just use anion gap by itself you may prolong the hospital stay. So you can use onion gap for diagnosis you can use onion gut for resolution but it's not the main criteria. This is the major change that we have in these new guidelines. Thanks, Gil. Uh, this is wonderful. I've been looking forward to this talk, this whole visit. Um, my little story has in in question has to do with the BHB measurement. Um, in anticipation, I had a I knew I I knew this was coming, the BHB part. Uh, we're in a system that's a community hospital that's uh five different hospitals with over 3,000 patients at any given time. When I had this discussion with the farm with the head of the lab that we need BHB test right away, she says it's not standard of care. Go jump in the lake. So now with this new thing of um the bedside stuff, we want to start it tomorrow. So help us out. What what should we use? Um I know you can't talk about specific companies and stuff like that, but this is a big change for us. >> So in the UK and Europe, >> yeah, >> they use point of care testing. In this country we can in my hospital we use beta hydroxybuterate by enzyatic method by the laboratory and we get the response in less than 45 minutes. So but many hospital have a send out test and the sensitivity specificity of the point of care testing is over 90%. There are coming continuous ketones meters ketones and glucose meters. So the the spirit of these guidelines regarding ketones is that we want hospitals in this country to start doing beta hydroxy bitter and stop checking urine because that is not the best way to manage patient with diabetic keto acid. >> So I would also say that uh yeah this thank you. I would also say that many of the companies some of which are downstairs uh do do bed you know they if you have a bedside keto glucose monitor they will also measure ketones at the same time they areworked we've been using them for over a decade in Europe with no problem whatsoever and so they part of this document is also to allow you to say this is the new standard of care >> to go to to go to your managers to go to your pharmacy to say this is the global recommend commendation to use these meters. We want them because they change what we do for the person there and then. You don't have to wait 45 minutes. You don't have to wait 4 hours. You can change their insulin. You can change whatever fluids they're on depending on there and then readings. Use it to try and change the care of the person you're looking after. >> Microphone and back. >> Thank you. Thank you for your presentation. Um I'm Dr. Pirelli from Chile and um we do know that there are lacks of studies between um transitioning to subcutaneous long-acting insulins like DeLadec but uh as experts what would you recommend when we have an IV infusion um to transitioning from subcutaneous uh long acting insulin during recovery from DKA for example. >> How many hours do we have to wait? We we had a sentence there that says there are no studies on transitioning from IB to delude or or large U300 and we of course don't know what is going to happen with ICODEC. So there are no studies. So if anybody else want to comment >> some recommendation as experts we do know there's lack of studies but >> and I recall one member of the committee being anyways I'll let people talk. So we we there is so I have to be careful here. So at least one person on this table is not a fan of using subcutaneous insulin along with the IV insulin at the same time. Uh some of us however I was being really polite. Okay. I wasn't going to identify you g okay but many of us have been using long acting subcutaneous insulin at the same time as introvenous insulin with no problems at all um I I just give you an example so I was the lead author on the UK guideline which is used in many parts of the world I get emails from all over the world about all of the guidelines that we've used and nobody but nobody has ever emailed me saying we get hypos with the continuous use of long acting tutenous background in when you use introvenous insulin at the same >> the long acting that you're mentioning is is glaring U 100. >> It doesn't matter. So you can use glargene U 100, you could use Humalin I, you could use whatever you want as long as you have a background insulin on board all the time because when you come off the intravenous insulin allows you to transition faster without you risking the development of DKA. >> And in our in our hands and I appreciate GMO's experience, we didn't have any hypoglycemia when we used long acting background in but I'll let GMO give you his experience. very quick. You can use and we use basil insulin analog or not and you can use NPH2 and you just give it two to four hours before you transition because you need to get insulin on board. Now the resolution of DKA is about 10 to 12 hours. If you just give it four hours, you give it eight hours before that doesn't make any sense to me. We did a studies that we got a lot of hypoglycemia. We understand we understand there are some people around the world who has given basal insulin like two to four hours after the season of insulin and do get less rebound hyperglycemia later on. So we have that in the guidelines very clearly but we didn't put it in the diagram because I don't think we have enough data to say use it two hours after. I mean I would prefer to wait until the patient hemodynamically stable to do that. Jane, >> thank you. >> This was amazing. Thank you. And thank you for having the guideline available. I wanted to bring up a topic that hasn't come up which I think is really important. I know this is not true just where I work at Wild Cornell Medicine that patients frequently go home with DK from the ICU because there's no bed to transfer them to. a priority should be to go home just think about this and train ICU nurses in how to teach this prevention of DKA and what's important because we've missed that boat and I think it's important. >> Thank you. >> Great Jane. >> Yeah, >> thank you for presentation. Uh um well my question is about pump users. If the Ka occurs in pump user when can we resume the pump treatment? So this is when the the art of the medical science come in place. So you know if the pump was not working then do please make sure the pump is working before the patient get discharged because he will come back and you already saw the recurrent DKA increase mortality. So so we have some new things on the guidelines full session on on on technology full session of education full session on transition of care full session on discharge. Of course, we cannot address every single point and specific your point. Nobody had done an study on what to do with the pump malfunction. What we had there is that the newer pumps tend to have less malfunction that prior pump. So anyways, my practice what I do if I start the pump before they charge, I need to have 24 hours of that pump working. But I try to avoid it if the reason was pump malfunctioning. It just makes sense. Roma. >> Hi, thank you guys for the guideline and for the presentation. I have one question and a comment since most of the DK is taken care of by ER docs and intensivists. What is your to change habit you know is very hard. So what is the uh your plan to go to those societies because you know endocrinologist come in the end when there's transition and things like that. So that I think is the most important group to target. I I tend to believe that the ER doctor followed the diabetes doctor's recommendations. Hi, >> please tell us the comment. >> And the second is um when you're transitioning patients and calculating the basil drip rate, there's always dextrose on board. So when you calculate the drip rate, have to remember that there's basil dextrose and so the basil dose is not really a true basil. So, so what you're trying to say is that this patient that we're calculating the IB insulin dose to estimate the need for basal insulin we need to take in consideration that the infusion was der was ongoing and when you take off the infusion of drex will matter. Yes. So, so in the calculation we have to use different percentages. Okay. 60 80 percentages based on some studies that have been published and then again chivani and Georgia >> microphone on the right. Sorry, can I just start Roma if if anybody in the audience in in your comment about how do we influence other groups of people the intensivist and the acute physicians in the ER if any of you have got friends who work in that department who have got senior management positions in the organizations in the US or around the world come and find us because we'll give a talk to to them as well because they do need to be told and they do need to be educated you're absolutely right >> thank you to the panel um I just have a question that I guess ties into this uh question of how to to discuss with our emergency department colleagues and it's about clarity on the point of care measurements. We heard on the one hand that we should be using point of care glucose and ketone measurements to drive rapid diagnosis and treatment of DKA, but we also heard that we need to be confirming that the potassium is above 3.5 and that laboratory beta hydroxybutyrate assays take only 45 minutes to result. So how do we sort of square those uh sort of differences? So, so regarding the potassium, something that we learned for a study by Francisco Pascal is that there is a drop of serum potassium between 1 to 2 millol within 12 hours. And this is because you activate the sodium potassium pump. That's right. Potassium is high normal on admission, but potassium goes inside the cell. So, if the potassium is low, you has to be aware that is going to drop the K for one or two mill. So, so that is the main reason why people die I guess. So very important and so how are you going the I think that in the United States only 50% of hospitals do better hydroxybate >> and we still rely on on urine we are trying to I hope to share this with everybody who does diabetes care to start using more beta hydroxybate they can be done by the laboratory very easy it cost pennies but if you can be you you are not going to have a better hydroxy 4 hours later. So yeah, best don't don't use it. Just use point of care testing. Now cost is an issue. PMT has to approve it. But but again this is a a claim for people to start using beta hydroxybuterrate and stop relying on acetto acetate. Acidocate is great for diagnosis. It's terrible for resolution. >> The other thing I would say is do you do you do venus blood gases to get your potassium? Do you do you use those? Because you can get you know the Venus blood gas will give you your potassium and the other electrolytes straight away and if you use a bedside literally it's a fingerprint ketone monitor. So you you know it takes seconds to be honest. >> Yeah. >> Um hello Cladio Mison from Chile. I want to ask about syndrome. Uh what do you think about mental status? Is the uh do you give him utility or value to the diagnosis? Sorry. Yeah. So, you're speaking about how we determine if someone has improved or resolved hyperosmalarity. So, HHS, is that correct? >> Yes. Mental status. >> The mental status. It's it was a long discussion between our group uh to try to figure out how to really address that. And the problem is that many times when people come in with HHS, there's another underlying factor that may be affecting their cognition, including things like stroke. So it's trying to determine what their baseline was beforehand, where they were during that acute phase of the hyperosmalarity, right? And then how what is their prognosis for improvement and what is it you know is it the you know really the hyperosmalarity that's causing that or is there another underlying condition that may not be reversible. So you don't want to be waiting for something you know to reverse and then there be another underlying cause that's not going to. >> So we are 9 minutes past the hour. appreciate you staying for these nine extra minutes and I hope that you read our recommendations and let me know when I see you again. Thank you so much.

- American Diabetes Association Alert Day - Walgreens Video Featuring Alison Sweeney (long): Kind: captions Language: en it's almost spring time to wake up time to focus on our health by exercising eating right and doing what we can to protect ourselves from the diseases that affect Americans most like diabetes it's time to get back on the way to well Walgreens is here to help the Walgreens way to well commitment focuses on prevention early detection and education donating preventive resources to help everyone get stay and live well March 26th American Diabetes Association alert day a wake-up call against one of America's leading diseases Walgreens in the a DEA urge you and your entire family to take the American diabetes risk test on the 26th to assess your risk of type 2 diabetes wake up now and prevent type 2 diabetes for yourself and your entire family by eating right exercising and early detection visit Walgreens calm / way too well to learn more about the Walgreens way to well commitment

  Top Comments:
  1. @MelB868: My dad has type 2 diabetes
  2. @stephenokwori1882: My heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you Dr Igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my type 2 diabetes you are amazing.
  3. @nancyanne9982: A very big appreciation to Dr. IGUDIA on YouTube for helping me get rid of my five years old type 2 Diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication. may God continue to bless your good work sir.

- Dr Ruth Weinstock - American Diabetes Association Address - 81st Scientific Sessions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i will reflect on lessons we can learn from the past our current state the promise of the future and paths we can take to move forward working together to fulfill the mission of the american diabetes association which is to prevent and cure diabetes and to improve the lives of all people affected by diabetes i will be discussing selective lessons from history related to the discovery of insulin research funding covid19 women in diabetes and equity and ways in which we can attain our goals my talk will start with specific issues related to the discovery of insulin this year we commemorate the 100th year since insulin was discovered this monumental discovery gave the gift of life to millions of people with diabetes before this discovery the lifespan of a person with newly diagnosed type 1 diabetes was just a few days to at most five years appropriately this anniversary is celebrated around the world as well as at our scientific sessions much can be learned from this life-saving achievement there are many wonderful books and articles written about the discovery of filled with drama and controversy today i would like to highlight just a few selected aspects of this remarkable accomplishment frederick banting was a young surgeon and an inexperienced researcher with reportedly an incomplete knowledge of the past literature when he presented his ideas to professor mcleod at the university of toronto macleod known for his expertise in carbohydrate metabolism gave banting laboratory space animals and supplies to perform his experiments the experiments were conducted with charles best a student who worked without stipend banting also worked initially without a salary what may not be as widely known is that beth's father practiced medicine and his sister anna was his nurse she developed diabetes and became patient number 875 of dr elliot joslin she followed the starvation diet lived with the best family and died in 1917 a few years before insulin became available the best family therefore had a personal interest in diabetes beginning in the summer of 1921 banting performed his first surgeries ligating the pancreatic ducts of dogs to obtain the pancreatic extract containing best who had a background in chemistry analyzed the blood and urine for glucose later jb colip worked on purification of the pancreatic extract the results of this collaboration are well known insulin became available and was life-saving given banting's inexperience and lack of preliminary data i ask you to ponder if his research would have received funding today one of the lessons from the discovery of insulin is to remind us how important it is to support high risk innovative ideas new and junior investigators in addition to more established investigators and basic clinical and translational research as soon as insulin became commercially available there were production and supply issues as is shown on this newspaper headline from 1923 when i was an md phd student at columbia university insulin was extracted from cow and pig pancreases our medical school class was told that by the year 2000 there would be inadequate numbers of cow and pig to meet the world's need for insulin i then entered richard axel's laboratory as his first graduate student and my phd thesis was entitled the sequence organization of the oval human gene what we described as intragenic spacers are now known as introns this was during the early years of molecular biology it was not anticipated that soon thereafter groundbreaking basic research would lead to the ability to manufacture human insulin in unlimited amounts lessons from those years was the importance of being open to new ideas and not to be fearful of attacking important problems and challenging the status quo after the discovery of it was clear that much more research was needed as banting said insulin is not a cure for diabetes it is a treatment as wonderful as the discovery of insulin was there was a need for pure and more physiological preparations and better insulin delivery systems we have better insulins now but their administration is still burdensome and associated with challenges importantly hypoglycemia and hypoglycemia and awareness remain problems increasing in prevalence with longer diabetes duration the availability of continuous glucose monitors or cgms has helped countless people with diabetes avoid serious hypoglycemia and the future holds promise with the release of new insulin analogs new oral drugs and non-insulin injectables new technologies including better continuous glucose monitors and hormone delivery systems including closed-loop systems these advances many of which are being discussed at these scientific sessions are applauded and will greatly improve the lives of many people with diabetes but there is a critical need for more diabetes research funding if we are to find successful prevention approaches and cures we need to support innovative ideas in the basic and clinical sciences more new junior as well as senior investigators and mentorship programs we all know that the acquisition of new knowledge is the key to finding better treatments and ultimately the prevention and cure of research has always been critically important to the ada the ada through aggressive advocacy efforts is working to increase federal funding for diabetes research but also needs to raise more money to fund its own research programs ada research programs are crucial for the funding of novel high-risk innovative projects junior to help make possible an adequate number of diabetes researchers for the future since 1952 ada has invested 861 million dollars in diabetes research but more is needed this year in addition to funding all continuing grants and previously approved junior faculty and high scoring postdoctoral grants target rfas have been issued we anticipate funding 45 to 60 new grants in 2021. the last issue relayed to insulin that i will address is availability and cost this was recognized by charles best who stated in in many parts of the world diabetic children still die from lack of insulin one of the central problems of the world is the more equitable distribution and use of the medical and nutritional advances which have already been established how sad it is that this situation persists today almost 70 years later the discoverers of insulin were very aware of cost banting and best derived no personal profit from their discovery they wanted insulin to be available to all people with diabetes now we are a hundred years after the and as shown in the left-hand side of the slide from 20 from 2009 to 2019 the cost of insulin has continued to rise the right side of the slide shows that the cost is much greater in the united states than in these other countries in january 14 year old leonard thomas received his first insulin injection let's work towards the goal that in january 2022 100 years later insulin will be more affordable and available no one should die due to inability to access insulin shown on this slide is the ada health equity bill of rights which i'll talk more about later number one on the bill of rights is access to affordable insulin and other drugs related are also numbers three and nine the right to health insurance that covers diabetes management and access to the latest medical advances not only is insulin not affordable for many but the same is true for other diabetes medications supplies and devices including continuous glucose monitors and frequently there are unnecessary frustrating wasteful time-consuming hurdles placed on both providers and people with diabetes when trying to prescribe medications and devices that could help the person with diabetes stay healthy these impediments need to be abolished i challenge us to continue to strongly and unequivocally support the need for diabetes medications supplies and devices to be affordable and available for everyone with diabetes who needs them and for them to be more easily prescribed these efforts must continue and intensify this is a critical part of the journey in the dream now to return to history the need to address social and economic issues was recognized when the ada was first established as stated by the first president of ada patients suffering from diabetes his medical social and economic problems are our problems about 25 years later my cousin rosalie was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was in high school her challenges managing her and all its complications and her medical as well as her emotional and social struggles inspired me to become an academic endocrinologist and to work to try to prevent others from suffering as she did we recognize that social determinants of health are major barriers to achieving optimal health status including diabetes related outcomes a scientific review of social determinants of health and diabetes was published in november 2020 in diabetes care and i encourage you to read this important factors that influence health include financial status structural racism toxic stress environmental exposures and access to healthy food housing safe walkable neighborhoods transportation healthcare providers and facilities medications and supplies and good schools and as the past year has shown us access to the internet is also essential last year at the start of the covet 19 pandemic most of us rapidly changed from conducting clinic in-person visits to telemedicine this remote care and monitoring worked extremely well for many people with but a significant number of our poor rural and older adults with diabetes did not have access due to lack of computer tablet or smartphone lack of internet access and or disabilities that precluded use barriers to care and health disparities persist within our racial and ethnic minority groups of all ages from pediatrics to geriatrics as an example we observe significant social challenges and youth onset type 2 diabetes in the today clinical trial and follow-up today to observational study these young adults are now obtaining their care in their communities and their overall glycemic control is poor over two-thirds of the participants are taking less than 80 percent of their prescribed oral medications and those without health insurance are much less likely to have outpatient diabetes care visits but most importantly this study shows that many young adults with type 2 diabetes diagnosed as youth develop serious complications at alarming rates in early adulthood and we do not yet know how to change this trajectory diabetes care for our older adults including our frail elderly who live both at home and in long-term care also require special attention as they are more prone to hypoglycemia and hypoglycemia and awareness many of them and their caregivers would also benefit from access to cgm remote monitoring and telemedicine to improve their care and safety we need approaches that meet changing diabetes care needs as people age to meet the needs of all people with we must consider new care delivery models embrace new technologies and address the barriers that affect accessibility and availability of diabetes care we also need to partner with leaders and organizations in our to address structural inequities that disproportionately affect our racial and ethnic minority groups diversify our workforce and encourage and mentor young people from underrepresented groups to pursue careers as scientists health care providers and work in other fields related to diabetes a priority of ada is to reduce health disparities the ada initiative health equity now has attracted significant funding which is supporting important new programs and ada is funding new grants aimed at improving strategies and discovering new approaches to address disparities and improve outcomes as stated by martin luther king the time is always right to do what is right now turning to recent history and the coronavirus 2019 pandemic there are many lessons tragic and hopeful that one can learn from the covid19 the pandemic had devastating consequences for many in our communities some of which were preventable tragically we found that covid19 disproportionately adversely affects people with diabetes but in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity this past year has also demonstrated that widespread rapid change is possible one important hopeful lesson from the covet 19 pandemic is that it's possible to quickly form public-private partnerships and accelerate research on treatments diagnostic testing and in the case of covid19 to make life-saving vaccinations available in record time and for those of us caring for people with diabetes change healthcare delivery by adopting and receiving reimbursement for telemedicine services in record time we need operation warp speed for ada advocacy has been working at the state and federal levels to increase research funding and improve access for needed medications devices and provider visits some of the many successes are shown on this slide including capping insulin costs we continue to work to increase funding to accelerate basic and clinical and for everyone living with diabetes to ensure that proven treatments are made available to those who need them we need collective pressure and persistence to fight the status quo and to support the ada in its efforts to accelerate change and contribute to fundraising efforts that are needed to support research and other programs that help fulfill our mission this lesson from the recent past can help lead us to a better future i would now like to go back in history to briefly discuss women in diabetes highlighting just a few moments that are related to events of this past year we celebrated the 200th birthday of elizabeth blackwell in february she was the first woman medical school graduate in the united states she graduated top of her class from geneva medical college which later became upstate medical university in syracuse new york where i am faculty moving into the 20th century the first ada scientific sessions took place in and was held back to back to an annual meeting of the ama an organization at that time of men five years later the 1946 scientific sessions were held in toronto celebrating the 25th anniversary of the attended by almost 1 000 men yet just one year later in 1947 gertie corey shared the nobel prize with her husband carl for their work on she was the first woman to be awarded the nobel prize in physiology or medicine the third woman after marie curie and her daughter irene to win any nobel prize the work was principally motivated by her father who asked her to find a cure for his born in czechoslovakia she emigrated from austria with her husband in 1922 and they made their important discoveries when working at washington university in st louis two months after receiving the nobel prize she was promoted to the rank of professor now let's move to 1994 almost 54 years after its incorporation ada has its first woman president kathleen wishner kathy died on november 2020 and i want to honor her today she was a trailblazer an exceptional pediatric endocrinologist who worked tirelessly to help people with diabetes and support the ada she will be missed 1994 was also an important year in my career i became the first woman division chief in the department of medicine at my institution my experience on this journey was a familiar one there were many who supported me and treated me fairly and others who were not able to take seriously a woman who is not quite five foot one but more importantly after years of persistence i convinced our institution to open the first regional diabetes center in central new york state affiliated with the joslin diabetes center and brought together into one place our diabetes clinic that primarily cared for medicaid and uninsured individuals and the faculty private practices with the goal that all people with diabetes in our area receive the same level of care what i did not anticipate was that 27 years later disparities would still exist and that after 38 years as a volunteer with ada i would become the fifth woman president of medicine and science so where are women in diabetes now publications in the upcoming august issues of diabetes care and diabetes will show analyses of grant funding to men and women from nih ada jdrf and easd as well as the percent of women in diabetes leadership positions and on editorial board membership rosters of diabetes care diabetes and diabetologia disparities by gender were found this is a complicated problem with social institutional governmental and cultural issues involved that i will not have time to discuss today but which are reviewed in this publication and the accompanying two commentaries today i would like to highlight one contributing factor which is unconscious bias i will quote from a woman trailblazer who became a supreme court justice in the united and who also passed away within this past year ruth bader ginsburg i think unconscious bias is one of the hardest things to get at my favorite example is the symphony orchestra when i was growing up there were no women in orchestras auditioners thought that they could tell the difference between a woman playing in a man some intelligent person devised a simple solution drop a curtain between the auditioners and the people trying out and lo and behold women began to get jobs in symphony orchestras unconscious bias also known as implicit bias of course is not limited to gender this applies to race ethnicity religion country of origin the clothing one wears being older speaking with an accent the neighborhood in which one lives the presence of disabilities gender identity your profession your name the presence of obesity and other characteristics related to your appearance presence of mental health illness and other stereotypes including those related to low socioeconomic status we all have biases and the challenges to ourselves our co-workers and staff is to recognize and overcome those biases to minimize and hopefully eliminate effects of those biases in the ways in which we treat people and perform our duties whether it's sitting on grant review committees reviewing manuscripts nominating people for leadership positions or awards admitting students to our schools and importantly for those of us who are healthcare providers in the ways we and our co-workers and staff treat people with diabetes the ada nih academic institutions and many others are now paying more attention to potential bias and are working to promote diversity inclusion and equity we all need to be role models as gandhi said you must be the change you wish to see in the world an additional lesson from history is the harm that results from misinformation misinformation on social media and television has been a growing challenge over recent years and has propagated bias as well as distrust of science and scientists there are suggested approaches for correcting misinformation as shown on this slide and explained in this publication we must be the voice of reason the trusted voices in our communities describe proven treatments and spread the word about the wonderful work that is being done not to give false hope the public needs to understand that curing diabetes will not be easy one vaccination will not prevent all but with determination and support we can reach our goals we must explain the importance of scientific inquiry and base decisions on properly analyzed data so what is our future precision medicine which is defined as providing the right therapy to the right patient at the right time for diagnosis prognosis prevention and treatment of lou phillipson in his 2019 presidential address eloquently described position precision and highlighted advances particularly in our understanding of the genetic basis of monogenic forms of diabetes but for most people with diabetes we need much more research to understand the molecular basis for their conditions global efforts to discover the etiologies for the many types of as well as to develop targeted therapies and better approaches to delivering health care for the many types of diabetes are ongoing to be successful we need to attract and mentor the best and the brightest from both sexes all races ethnicities countries and healthcare professions to the field of diabetes as we strive towards our goal of precision medicine we need to practice patient-centered medicine involve the entire diabetes team and use community resources we know that one shoe does not fit all the diagnosis and the medical social psychological and environmental barriers and beliefs of the individual need to be addressed treatment plans should be personalized and guided by science data and empathy i will end with a call to action what are our pathways to the prevention and cure of diabetes pathways to better management and pathways to better healthcare delivery we must increase funding for diabetes research and spread the word that only through research acquiring new knowledge will we be able to prevent and cure diabetes we need more federal research funding for diabetes as well as more support for the ada's research programs by funding new and junior investigators we help supply the pipeline for the future of diabetes research and by funding talented investigators with bold new ideas we foster innovations that will hopefully lead to the cure of course not every project will be successful that's an impossibility but with support and persistence we can reach our goals we also importantly need to personalize our approach and support efforts that would ensure that diabetes care including medications education supplies and devices are available to all who need them eliminate barriers for prescribing needed medications and devices eliminate barriers for providing in-person as well as remote medical care education and training facilitate the acquisition analyses and sharing of data and best practices to drive improvement and advocate for changes that reduce inequities i urge all of you to support the ada's mission donate encourage donations volunteer mentor spread the word correct misinformation oppose bias and inequities be open to new ideas and support the ada's advocacy to increase state and federal funding for diabetes research and programs we must use this moment in history to work together to accelerate change rapid change is possible as eleanor roosevelt said the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams i will close by giving thanks first to all of you for all you do to help people with on a more personal note i recognize my dear cousin rosalie who died almost 20 years ago from complications from her type 1 diabetes you have not been forgotten as well as all my patients who have given me the privilege of participating in their care and have taught me so much about my early mentors of p s richard axel and john vilezikian the late lois ivanovic who was the first to really teach me about modern diabetes management when i was starting my fellowship at columbia and she was across town to cornell arnold moses who supported me early in my career at upstate despite the fact that his research was on the other paul latrief who's been a wonderful colleague for over 20 years and has become a dear friend and our incredible research team at upstate and our endocrinology faculty and joslin diabetes center team at upstate for all you do for people with diabetes every day and all the dedicated staff and volunteers at ada especially cynthia and our other officers tracy brown bob gabay and members of the new science and health care council and colleagues across the country who have been wonderful collaborators support and friends former students trainees and of course our funders including niddk the helmsley charitable trust and the state of new york most importantly i thank my late parents who always supported me and encouraged me to follow my dreams and my very special daughters their husbands and my four precious grandchildren who inspire me daily to try to help leave this world a better place it is an honor and privilege to serve as your president this year thank you again for all you do for people with diabetes and the ada together we can win the fight against

- Diabetes Basics: What Is Diabetes?: Kind: captions Language: es-ES Vivir con Diabetes ¿Qué es la diabetes? La diabetes es una enfermedad común que afecta a todo tipo de persona en cualquier parte del mundo. La diabetes no deja que su cuerpo produzca suficiente insulina y la use adecuadamente. ¿Qué es la insulina? La insulina es una hormona que su cuerpo necesita para transformar la comida en energía. Esto es muy importante porque su cuerpo necesita energía para trabajar bien. Su cuerpo está compuesto por varios órganos que hacen diferentes cosas. Uno de estos órganos es el páncreas donde el cuerpo crea la insulina. Cuando come algo, el sistema digestivo descompone la comida para que pueda moverse entre la sangre así llegar a las células. Los carbohidratos o almidones, se descomponen en glucosa, un tipo de azúcar. Sus células usan la glucosa como combustible. La insulina transporta la glucosa fuera de la sangre y dentro de las células para que su cuerpo produzca suficiente energía para todo el día. Visite http://stopdiabetes.com (en inglés) para saber más y ayudar a ponerle un Alto a la Diabetes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cappucinoMix [126 likes]: Much relief after going through this stuff https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxVYhghKWmrUgXARZ_ydZTvmmcrw5L0I5i Stress no doubt affects my blood sugar levels. Taking a walk usually helps bring them down. Eating sweets is not my favorite, but if i take a large portion of them, my blood sugar level rises high. I think it's the high concentration of the glucose flowing into the bloodstream all at once. This is a lesson worth taking note of. This is a great material to learn from.
  2. @FightBackAgainstDiabetes [3 likes]: You Did Not Choose To Be Classified As Diabetic, But You Can Choose To Fight Back Against Diabetes 💪
  3. @LastRide-lm8fu [1 likes]: My diabetes journey spanned more than a decade, and it felt like a never-ending battle. I had tried everything in the book to find relief until I discovered Diabetix from Igrotum. Over the course of seven months, this extraordinary diabetes cure has worke
  4. @shubhdeepsingh-qu1gj: For years, I felt like I was imprisoned by my diabetes diagnosis. Every day was a battle, and I tried numerous therapies, diets, and medications, searching for a way out. It was disheartening. But then, a friend introduced me to Diabetix from Igrotum, and
  5. @gold__15ff99: Dealing with diabetes for over a decade was an ongoing struggle that took a toll on my physical and emotional well-being. I was on the constant lookout for a solution, and I cant tell you how relieved I was when I found Diabetix from Igrotum. In just eig
  6. @bondar5580: My diabetes journey spanned more than a decade, and it felt like a never-ending battle. I had tried everything in the book to find relief until I discovered Diabetix from Igrotum. Over the course of seven months, this extraordinary diabetes cure has worke
  7. @th-js9jx: Living with diabetes for over a decade was a constant struggle, both physically and mentally. The search for a solution felt never-ending until I stumbled upon Diabetix from Igrotum. In just ten months, this incredible diabetes cure brought about a remark
  8. @Rampagoe_Brok: For years, I felt like I was imprisoned by my diabetes diagnosis. Every day was a battle, and I tried numerous therapies, diets, and medications, searching for a way out. It was disheartening. But then, a friend introduced me to Diabetix from Igrotum, and
  9. @pandawachanel5018: My journey battling diabetes spanned over a decade, and I tried every method in the book to find relief. It was a constant uphill struggle, and hope was fading. Then, one day, I stumbled upon Diabetix from Igrotum, and the transformation it brought to my
  10. @barnabasmuplang-nk4fp: Thank you Dr Igudia for being the most trusted doctor among all, your professionalism was on a high standard, thank you for coming to help me out with my diabetes
  11. @olayemiolawoyin2386: I don’t know what I would have done without your help. Thank you so much for curing my Type 2 diabetes with your herbs Dr Igudia
  12. @stephenokwori1882: My heart just keeps thanking you and thanking you Dr Igudia for all you have done for me, you gave me your words that you could heal any sickness or disease, thank you for permanently curing me of my type 2 diabetes you are amazing.
  13. @taiwoogunnusi5255: Hello everyone, I’m here to share my great testimony on how I got cured of my type 2 Diabetes with the natural herbal medication I ordered from Dr Igudia on his YouTube channel
  14. @vivianjennifer4089: I want to personally take time out to appreciate Dr Igudia on his YouTube channel for the herbs medication I ordered from him in curing my type 2 diabetes completely within just three weeks of using his natural herbs supplements
  15. @jennycarrgreenwood651: I really can’t stop thanking Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes disease with the natural herbs medication which I got from him on his YouTube Channel.
  16. @janisnielson3529: When I texted positive to the Herpes virus infection Few years ago I was very disappointed in myself and almost gave up in life, But all thanks to Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel who cured my Herpes Virus with his natural herbs medication.
  17. @aaronlina8794: The day I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the day I started living a more comfortable life again after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease
  18. @yoriyori4145: Meeting Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel was the beginning of a new life for me after using his herbs medication in curing my Diabetes disease.
  19. @nancyanne9982: A very big appreciation goes to Dr IGUDIA on his YouTube channel who cured my type 2 Diabetes with his natural herbs medication and I now live a more comfortable life again.
  20. @sarahschlotfeldt8698: The moment I came across Dr IGUDIA YouTube channel that was the end of my type 2 Diabetes after using his herbal medication in curing my diabetes.

- American Diabetes Association® Alert Day®: Kind: captions Language: en March 26th is American Diabetes Alert Day. It's a day that the American Diabetes Association asks for people to take a risk assessment to learn about their risk of developing type 2 diabetes. It's a simple seven questions to learn more about your risk of diabetes. The higher your number, the higher your risk, and you're encouraged to speak with your doctor after that about what additional steps might be needed. Methodist is very proactive in preventing diabetes because we don't only just treat patients who already have diabetes, but the health educators specifically um we'll have referrals for patients who might be um overweight, might have a family history of diabetes, um might just need general health education, but we are always focusing on how to prevent that person from getting to diabetes. due to the number of people that have diabetes, the number of people who have undiagnosed diabetes, we need to try to catch everyone as early as possible. So, um, everyone here is very proactive in trying to initiate behavior change before it's even technically necessary. Most people that are diagnosed with diabetes have usually had diabetes for about 7 to 10 years and not even known it. So, in the in those years, um, they could have risks for long-term complications happening. So if we can catch them early then we can prevent maybe the number of people who wind up on diialysis or who wind up losing a toe or a foot or a leg even to prevent diabetes. The biggest things are to maintain a healthy weight. Lose weight if you need to be at an appropriate weight for your height. Follow a healthy diet. You know eat three meals a day. Try to include as many fruits and vegetables as you can. Be as physically active as you can. Adults it's recommended for 30 minutes five times a week of physical activity. And for children 1 hour five times a week. If you can meet those three things, and they might sound big, um that will drastically reduce your chance of of developing type 2 diabetes. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @rahulhasan1831: Great Video clip! Excuse me for the intrusion, I would appreciate your initial thoughts. Have you ever tried - Carpio Incredible Diabetes Bulldozer (do a search on google)? Ive heard some great things about it and my mate after many years Got rid of the diabetes issue with it.

- Obesity in America: Kind: captions Language: en two studies out today that draw the same disturbing conclusion Americans are not winning their battle against obesity one study found that obesity rates for adults actually Rose in 28 States this year only the District of Colombia showed a decline so why is it that Americans keep getting fatter in spite of government efforts ranging from calorie posting to new school lunch programs we asked night Lines John Donan to sift through all the reporting we've done on the problem over the past year to try to find the real villain behind the Obesity epidemic Kristen and Colin Robinson are a mother and son Nightline followed last year through a several thousand program a twoe long weight loss Camp which basically retaught them how to move and how to eat today's lunch list for me was veggie burger baked beans and go 4 oz of gold leak soup Americans spent a lot of money trying to lose weight and a lot of time talking about it we're spending $150 billion a year treating obesity related uh illnesses so we know this is a problem and there's a lot at stake but not even her exhortation seem to be getting through because this new study published today in the Journal of adolescent youth looked at more than 6,000 middle school children Across the Nation and found that nearly 7% are not obese but severely obese in the 99th percentile for weight which means the problem is worse than believed the second study by the Robert Wood Johnson foundation and Trust for America's Health both public health advocacy groups not only found obesity rates up in 28 States but also that more than a quarter of the population is obese in 2third of the states but why if we know this is going on do we keep putting on weight in a series of our own Nightline reports on different aspects of the problem we heard theories theories about why we're gaining and theories on how we can lose first theories about what's in it what's in the food we eat there is the single ingredient theory that it's fructose fructose is the cause of the current epidemic Robert lustig at the University of California in San Francisco argues that the introduction in the 1970s of a lowcost sweetener called high fructose corn syrup lowered the cost of fructose in general so that now it's showing up everywhere as he demonstrated for me in quantities you don't really expect everyone seems to think yogurt is good for you and you yogurt is healthy but this has 27 g of sugar wow for This Yogurt so is it worth it this has 27 g of sugar too per serving it's everywhere it's ubiquitous the worst part being he thinks that fructose messes with our brains making us ever more hungry so your brain thinks you're hungry because if your brain can't get the leptin signal that's starvation feels like starvation feels like starvation he has his opponents however consum should know that fructose is a sugar and a sugar is a sugar whether it comes from cane or corn or beet and that mother nature gave us fructose in all the fruits and vegetables that we eat but also in combination with another simple sugar glucose that has high fructose corn Ser in it and yeah you know what they say about it like what this is an ad created by Audrey Ericson's group The Corn refiners Association and in a funny way they agree with Dr lustig Who says there is no difference between high fructose corn syrup and sugar but lustic says the level of obesity in America began to climb around the very time that the food industry started using lots of high fructose corn syrup because he says it's just so cheap and so readily available and therefore so everywhere okay so if it's not just one ingredient that's the problem maybe it's that there are all kinds of ingredients that just don't belong in the food we eat that's what Michael pollen thinks I come up with some rules to help you distinguish the food from the edible food like Pro uh products one is don't eat anything that your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food you know if she picked up a box of Go-Gurt portable yogurt tubes would she recognize this I don't think she would parin walked me around an organic farm arguing that we just have to get away from packaged Foods because humans are not designed to eat food that way this is not food by my definition it's not food no if you look at processed food the three buttons that are consistently pushed by the food scientists or sweet fat and salt our bodies uh have not are not well adapted to the food environment we're in there's there's a disconnect now between what we evolved to like and what's now available to us whole grain guaranteed I mean Quaker produces oats right then there is another category how they sell it the food we eat New York Times food writer Mark bitman took issue with the green check mark a symbol introduced by several food makers last year to indicate that these items were smart choices for people who wanted to start eating better fro Loops of course has no fruit in it just just to set the record straight I mean it has more sugar per serving than many cookies when sugar is 40% by weight of the product what is the product the product is dessert it's not breakfast cereal it's dessert but there's actually added vitamin A and vitamin C and fiber you can put vitamins and minerals in in garbage and it'll meet the nutritional requirements as long as the garbage is low and fat basically again there was another point of view we the smart choices logo can move people I'll call it up the ladder away from high fat foods um High foods with high sugar content foods with high cholesterol in them um I think we can move people by gradually saying you know this is a smarter Choice than you've been you've been taking before but it was not long after this broadcast that the green check mark program was dropped then there's a whole set of theories built on how we eat it with which several of our reports found is mostly without thinking you hungry yeah like the family in Republic Missouri who volunteered to let us watch them eat for a day where the discovery they made upon being watched was they didn't have any idea how many calories they were taking in I could drink a 2 lit a day so 2 liters a day of Mountain Dew is how many calories do you know no idea never had to think about it and the family in West Virginia where there are 11 brothers and sisters and everyone has Di diabetes and they know the smart way to eat they just don't seem willing to stick to it which brings us finally to all the reports we've done on what we should be doing about this we went to a school in Wyoming where they not only started limiting portion sizes and pushing fruits and vegetables they also began to put the kids body mass index on their report cards we visited Albert Lee Minnesota that was trying out several ideas proposed by Dan Butner who has studied how healthier communities around the world do it the local restaurant changed its men the kids started going to school this way the walking School Bus they call it instead of the real one here's your breakfast we profiled British chef Jamie Oliver and his TV series devoted to getting Huntington West Virginia to lose weight I need you to know that this is going to kill your children's early yeah we're talking about 10 13 14 years off their life and back to that family in Republic so let's see how many 3/4 cup servings are in this bowl we got them in touch with a nutritionist who taught them a lot they didn't know before about portion control oh no results well we do know this that in Republic at least the mom has lost 18 lb and her husband 36 which shows it can be done but you have to try and maybe there just isn't enough of that going on I'm John Donan for Nightline in Washington

  Top Comments:
  1. @RebeccaTruluck [4 likes]: Im here from the future, its 2025 and its WAY worse!
  2. @miroo-c7k [2 likes]: Here from 2025, yall are so cooked now
  3. @nomeansno70 [1 likes]: Japan spend zero time talking about weight control, and almost all its citizens are slim. Here we talk a lot and we’re f… fat. Pathetic
  4. @AxpHl: Well well well. Burger country 😂😂.

If I was American or live there I would shoot myself in the head.

UK 100 times better
  5. @AquareyesASMR: Has enough time passed for us to officially confirm this? I believe so.
  6. @Foreign__King__: Not this lady 3:09 really trying to say that fructose is given by mother nature lol.
  7. @jennyjones5772: it's not that hard to lose weight, just cut out one meal/desert/snack from your shopping each week. No one needs that amount of food. I eat one small sausage roll a day Monday to Thursday. and eat regular on the other days. I was fat once but learn to cut out food slowly.
Coffee and chewing gum help on diet days - oh and vodka lol, but would rather choose alcohol to cope with hunger than food, there is nothing worse than being fat
  8. @johnhalbe6530: People shouldn't eat 8 meals a day.
  9. @HowToHomeLife: The following are 4-reasons Americans are obese: 1. The fast-food drive through, an individual can order as much fattening food as they want without shame, plus desert!, 2. The unlimited soda fountain provides as much corn syrup sweetened drinks that one can consume, plus a 32oz refill to go!, 3. "Flavorists" are specialized professionals who combine chemistry, and sensory expertise to create, mimic, or enhance natural and artificial flavors for food, and beverages, such as "flavor coated french fries", 4. Supersized portions of highly fattening processed foods such as a "triple stack cheese burger with bacon and sauce plus 3-buns"! The average weight in 1960 was 166-lbs for males, and 140-lbs for females, In 2020 The average weight is 200-lbs for males, and 171-lbs for females, this is why "It's a Small World" at Disneyland that opened in 1966, had to be rebuilt in 2012 because the average human weight today overloaded the boats and they were hitting bottom and stopping the ride! My doctor placed me on a diet by telling me: "don't eat anything until after 11:00 AM, and don't eat anything after 7:00 PM", within one year I lost 55-LBS and have maintained my weight to this day through "intermittent fasting", the doctor also stated that 16-hours fasting is where my body first consumes the stored glycogen (blood sugar), and then consumes the stored fat, the doctor also requires a blood test every four months. To this day I thank my doctor because I was tired of caring around four extra bowling balls!  David Riddle
  10. @RKuha7070: The politicians wants to stop the drugs coming in but the obesity problem is far more deadly. 100,000 die from drug overdoses but 400,000 die from complications from obesity. It’s all preventable though exercising, diet, rehab and education 🙏
  11. @communitiesrapekids: So did God fool the people? No.  Thats not how running game works.  Running game allows everyone a say, but proves that some are monkey.  More likely, God laid down the law and the monkeys refused to listen.  So they made a monkey out of themselves.  Folks, God lays down the law and never repeats himself.  He has no time to waste on stupid people.  That much is scientifically proven every day, and only proves that forgiveness of sins is a stupid message.   Its blasphemy against God, to which was conveniently made authority by a fraudulent declaration of relativity. 


It has no place in religion nor politics.  Certainly, not in any capacity towards murder, theft, adultery and sexual assaults.  More proof that America is 666, and that is scientifically proven in their courts of law.  Otherwise precondition would be admissible in court.  Especially workers compensation.  Especially, in matters of foreign policy where they maintain a one sided authority based upon a fraudulent sense of exceptionalism.  As if they are a special monkey that somehow blames relativity but actually defies it.  They are just holding a gun to our heads, and demanding forgiveness for killing our children and stealing our money.  And, then they refuse us “a say” in the most offensive brand of democracy that was ever conceived.  Ill conceived really because they use democracy for censorship of the truth.  Then they block the route to the radio station, so to speak.  Imagine that? Someone dares to call her a whore.

Um hm.  Kind of like an immaculate conception.  One that seems to excuse their obvious history, and blocks all trade routes to the publication office, which would expose their fraudulent nature.  Its like the girl that promotes love, inclusion and forgiveness, yet we find her first in line at the abortion clinic.  Its murder folks, and they’re claim to inherent goodness should be thrown out of court.  Democratic rights should not be inclusive of abortions.  Abortions should be reserved for rape victims.  Lesson learned … Democracy is a stupid foundation for a Constitution, and democratic protestors need to be hung from a tree.  WE NEED PINK SLIPS TO GOVERNMENT WORKERS.  Charities should work for free, and fat people need to be prescribed a proper diet and exercise plan.  Especially if they are dependent on social welfare.  And, if any of those low life’s  put up a fight, then they should be locked up in a mental institution.  At the very least, they’re insurance claim should be rejected when they get a punch in the face.  If they riot in the streets about that, then they should be sent to jail.  Or, a mental institution.  Or, a jail for the mentally ill.  

Folks, Christianity has started every war since Jesus was killed.  And, by all accounts that was Jesus’ work.  The word “Christ” needs to be addressed or else someone is going to shoot the people of the free world in the face for delaying progress with mindless theories.  They belong in a special school for retards.  Thats what a free country provides in social service.    Child Protection and Special Schools.  A police department that makes sure that everybody pays their own bills with an honest days work, and prevents people from identifying with other people’s resources.  That’s safety.  Thats a free country.  And, the poorest of the poor get free health care and education from the very little tax revenue that a free country collects.  The rest is just a scam.  Certainly not running game, but a scam.  Difference being, they are caught cheating every time.  Caught scamming.  You know … blocking fair communication.  Hiding testimony, and locking up the wrong people in the mental institution.  Calling it freedom of speech, but only providing one side.  Love.  Love for low life’s.  

Here’s the ‘trick’ … stupid people are caught trying to run game with mindless scams because they still don’t understand Creation.  Natural Selection.  Mono Vs Mono.  A problem for the free world because they ABSOLUTELY hate genders, and they despise fair competition.  Thats why it is illegal to hate losers in the free world.  In fact we are all forced to accept failure into our lives.  Whatever … they will always be a welfare case.  One can only hope that a bullet in their heads will shut them up.  Their worthless existence is just fuel for the fire.  Thats all.  Somethings got to keep our toes warm in heaven.  And, that is why we need a religious government.  And, that is why Christianity is a fraud of a religion that has no business in politics.  Nor, school for that matter.  Christianity is a lie, and a political strategy to enable crime.  America is 666.  The illumination of Jesus Christ.  A place where one is allowed to sin because Jesus forgives.  Sheep that were born for slaughter.  Problem solved … we need genetic tests which can determine if a baby is a holistic ‘thinker’.  You know … for abortions.  Then, you can say that this is a free country.  When one is free to abort Lady Liberty.  Then, you can hope for peace.  Peace of mind that the world is a better place without retards.  That, or we need to teach the kids to never have sex with a fat person.  Thats if they are still free to be a slob.  I tell ya folks, NEVER LIFT HEAVY OBJECTS WITH FAT PEOPLE.  They will sue you, and probably win in these fucked up courts.
  12. @andrewbrand200: I always propose airlines charge customers by weight, just like luggage. An average American male passenger is 199 pounds, while an average Chinese male passenger is 153 pounds. An average American female passenger is 171 pounds, while an average Chinese female passenger is 115 pounds! So an American passenger equals a Chinese passenger + a checked luggage (usually 50 pounds) while a Chinese passenger has to pay the checked luggage. This is UNFAIR!
  13. @vitlan1287: Phil Margera
  14. @Paradox_xcv: America the land of obesity.
  15. @AlfredSchlegl-x8v: Interesting Info Alfred Schlegl Watching From Calgary Alberta Canada 🇨🇦
  16. @AmandaYee-yn9dk: And bmi is inaccurate
  17. @AmandaYee-yn9dk: And plus some people don’t care about vanity so leave them alone
  18. @Turkalicious1388: Stick your finger down your throat and loose weight!!!
  19. @waffles8664: I've lost more weight on all sugar diet than any other diet I've ever been on
  20. @jackcarter5101: "My wife's American, which is great, because over there, I'm classed as an athlete" - 400lb Geordie comedian Steffen Peddie

- Obesity rates skyrocket in U.S.: Kind: captions Language: en >> TODAY'S HEALTH SMART THE CDC HAS RELEASED STATISTICS THAT SHOW PEOPLE IN MORE STATES ARE LARGER THAN EVER HEARS HOW OBESITY RATES LOOKED IN 2012. THEY RANGE FROM LOW TO MODERATE WITH NO STATES HAVING AN OBESITY RATE ABOVE 35%. NOW FAST FORWARD 10 YEARS AND THE RATES SKYROCKET ABOVE 35% IT'S WORSE IN OKLAHOMA, LOUISIANA AND WEST VIRGINIA, WHERE MORE THAN 40% OF ADULTS ARE CONSIDERED OBESE. CALIFORNIA HAS REMAINED CONSISTENT IN THE 25 TO 30% RANGE. NO STATE HAD A RATE BELOW 25% IN THE LATEST CALCULATIONS OBESITY IS LINKED TO A VARIETY OF HEALTH ISSUES,

  Top Comments:
  1. @lazarusblackwell6988 [2 likes]: Well you have to die from something,so might as well die enjoying great food!
  2. @rotciv1492 [1 likes]: The Waddeling States of America.
  3. @Hoopz83 [1 likes]: I wonder what it is now 2 years later 🙄it's really sad nobody cares about their health or the health of their children anymore 🤦🏾‍♀️
  4. @noname-jh3bd [1 likes]: I got a solution but nobody wants to hear it...... I'll say it anyway, ditch the smartphones, and get off your a&&....MOVE!!
  5. @Leandro_8125 [1 likes]: i was in vrchat , an average sloppy game full of preds. there was an youtube with media queue there and there were north americans calling me and my friend europeans with no sense at all like he was being rude , i just pulled this video up and they went dead silent
  6. @m.taylor: I notice alot more young people who are obese.  It makes me feel awful that I cannot look at them.
  7. @RickyMaharjan-p4q: It’s because of Mister Donald Trump 😁👍
  8. @3ofus135: Besides being overweight/obese, many Americans are very sloppily dressed.
  9. @maxsiem77: Are there any things happening in the States that aim to reverse this trend? I think all this is really frightening.
  10. @StreetFighter4-U: I’m considered skinny at 5’9 and 170 in America.
  11. @ausj3942: I just don't get it.  Fatties
  12. @DinoFuryRed726: I am 14yrs old in the UK and 184cm tall and weigh 120kg 😅 💀
  13. @sstarklite2181: EAT LESS FOOD.
  14. @JeffreyMulac8: Poor Southern States the most obese people.
  15. @ji-wonseong1623: It's our diet- everything is made of refined carbs and sugar! It's practically unavoidable unless you literally make everything from scratch- that itself requires researching proper recipes to make fruits, vegetables, beans, seeds, and nuts palatable too. I've gained and lost a lot of weight over the years and once you break the sugar addiction, it will all melt away. My grandma at 75 became diabetic, went cold turkey, and now she lost like 80 pounds.
  16. @Nuuuuuuuuu2401: Good, it's genuinely good
  17. @insight1428: What happened to states like Montana down to Utah, and New York? They skipped two colors and went straight to orange within 10 years.
  18. @jackcarter5101: "My wife's American, which is great, because over there, I'm classed as an athlete" - 400lb Geordie comedian Steffen Peddie
  19. @ケミカルケミカル-h7i: Make America Great Again
No.America is already great.
  20. @CactusForest92240: This is the twilight zone for me. I am morbidly skinny, but I have high blood pressure (under control with medication), high cholesterol, and binge eating disorder. What the heck!

- Obesity in America: a Nation's Health Crisis: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jackson, a small town in the southwestern United States. And hiding behind the walls of this little house is an unexpected illness, an illness now widespread in America. I mean, get some money, get some gas. Yeah, and we'll get dinner. I'll get dinner afterwards and everything will be good. This man suffers from a disease that affects 93 million people in the nation, obesity. At just 34 years old, Casey King now weighs 485 pounds. According to him, he is a victim of fast food. We're good. Oh, that's not my phone. I live in Jackson, a very small city. There's a McDonald's, there's a Burger King, there's a Taco Bell, there's a KFC, there's a pizza Hut, there's a Subway, there's a little Caesars, there's a Domino's, I think there's a Domino's. There's a fried chicken place that's like a little, amazing, but it's really good, but it's like a little family thing. There's a million different fast food restaurants. I can't really tell you any place that is a healthy restaurant, though. Years of bad eating habits have pushed his body to the limit. Even taking a shower is a difficult task for Casey. There's like a lot of skin. There's like a lot of skin hanging. There's like flabs and stuff. I jokingly tell people that I'm like a big like melted ice cream or whatever, because it's just like stuff. Literally, it's almost like it's dripping off of me. The figures are staggering. The average woman weighs 170 pounds and is 5 feet 2 inches tall, while the average man is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 200 pounds. 36% of the nation is obese, including even the president himself. Only a few months ago, Donald Trump's physician officially categorized him as obese, clearly a result of his love for fast food. In January 2019, in honor of an American football team, Trump ordered a thousand hamburgers to be served at a White House reception. We have big Macs, we have quarter pounders with cheese, we have everything that I like that you like. And I know, no matter what we did, there's nothing you can have. That's better than that, right? Never in all its history has the country been so overweight. We go to Las Vegas to follow Ricky. A waitress in a fast food restaurant specializing in the world's most calorie-laden burger. Casey King tells us what it's like to be morbidly obese. We're following family man Alex in his quest to lose weight through surgery. We visit an Arizona boarding school specializing in helping students lose weight. And finally, we're exploring the new body positivity movement that has recently sprung up in the U.S. In New York, Karitza, a photographer, and Annette, a blogger, show us a new perspective on obesity. we're off to Los Angeles for a beauty pageant exclusively for overweight women. These women own their obesity and don't shy away from showing it off. But at what cost? Welcome to Las Vegas. Every year, 42 million tourists swarm the famous strip, eager for a taste of Sin City. Casinos, hotels, nightclubs, and, of course, fast food outlets. There are some 40 in the downtown area alone, the capital of entertainment and junk food. A few minutes' drive away is the area housing the majority of Las Vegas workers. Ricky Ogawa is a waitress in one of the city's largest fast food restaurants. This 30-year-old American lives with her husband and their two-year-old son. Despite Ricky's job, you won't find a single burger in her house. In fact, it's quite the opposite. I eat with beef. It's very good. It's no flour, no corn, no processed sugar. It's just straight up. It's just a healthy, we put black seed in it, and then just to make sure he gets some of those grains in there. It's always just weird to get them to drink their veggies instead of eating bread. Serving up sodas and burgers every day has driven Ricky to ban them from her own home. For a good reason, too. The restaurant where she works really puts the junk in junk food. That's fruit dinner. What food is in that? She spends an hour every morning getting ready. Her waitress uniform? A gimmicky nurse's costume. I am getting ready to turn on nurse Ricky. I definitely play a role when I'm there and it's fun. So much makeup. It's more of a burger-cation. It's not just, you know, here's your food, have a good time. I try to make it more of an experience instead of just a burger joint. Mascara, glitter, lipstick, and a tight-fitting dress is all it takes to turn Ricky into a nurse at the junk food Hospital. But it's not medicine that the doctor has ordered. No. Here at the Heart Attack Grill, patients are prescribed burgers, fries, sodas, and more. It's the only place like it in the world. It caters to folks who like their food deep-fried and supersized. Before being seated, diners are weighed on a gigantic scale. The fatter you are, the better. If you weigh over 350 pounds, your hamburgers and fries are on the house. Weighing in at 400 pounds, this customer is getting a free, all-he-can-eat meal. His servings are humongous. For regulars here, though, eating a quadruple burger is easy, breezy. I did a quadruple bypass last time I was here. It's really good. Ricky even goes as far as selling only beverages high in sugar and calories. And there's not a healthy vegetable in sight. Bottled water is the same price as a soda, because we don't really want you to drink it. You can take anything off the burger you don't like, but we only have bacon that you can add to it. So we have absolutely nothing green, no lettuce, no pickles, no avocado. It's too healthy. Just a little chili cheese fry to share. Your double. And single. It's actually bigger than I thought. I'll be able to finish it. Enormous burgers, heaps of fat and sugar. This concept was crafted by an American who dubbed himself Dr. John. Dr. John, now it's like, it's everything you need to know. But first, let's get you prepped for surgery. A member of our medical staff will now dress you for surgery. No one has ever been admitted to the park tech world without a cost in place. Everything here is designed to harm your health. Smoking is encouraged, cocktails are served in pill containers, and wine is on tap in an IV injection theme. The fast food joint claims it has been curing anorexia since 2005. Booty out, out, perfect! If you don't finish your plate, you're dragged to the front of the joint for a good old-fashioned spanking while everyone watches. I got it on the left side, I got it on the left side. Number two. Thank you, baby. Simply put, at this fast food restaurant, obesity is king. It's a gimmick that works. This fast food restaurant serves over 650 customers a day and rakes in $5 million per year. I told you, it's a spanking, not a love tip. You better finish your burgers. From the food to the spankings, it's all one big show at the Heart Attack Grill. The star attraction is the world's most calorie-laden burger, the Octuple Burger. A gigantic, towering pile of eight hamburger patties that takes 25 minutes to prepare. The entire thing weighs 6.5 pounds. This meat monster contains 20,000 calories, the equivalent of one week of food. Six and a half pounds. It is massive. Here's that big burger, I promised. Good. But you only get a chance to do something like this once. So you like the worst. All right. how do you eat that? Like many, this man won't manage to finish his octuple burger, and so he'll get a spanking for not cleaning up his plate. American fast food is now also unhealthy entertainment. As a result, there are 116 million... Overweight people in the U.S., Many of them putting their health in danger. Atlanta, Georgia, the birthplace of the world's leading soft drink brand. Georgia has well over 5,000 fast food outlets, and the state's obesity rate is nearly 32%. Escaping junk food is a huge challenge for those in the nearby town of Jackson. The area offers very little in the way of leisure activities. Your only options are fishing in a nearby lake or taking advantage of one of the many fast food restaurants. We return to Casey King. He has lived here his whole life with his father. I've got this picture here. He was two or maybe one or three. Thanks. Appreciate it. He weighed 12.6 when he was born. He's never been really small. He's just been real healthy. Healthy. Casey started gaining lots of weight after a serious ankle injury. He spent weeks in bed, only eating fast food, morning, noon, and night. Whole foot-long sandwiches, pizza, fried chicken, that kind of stuff. that was just the easiest, quickest stuff to get. and also not having like, one of things, but two of things, like two burgers from McDonald's. It was bad, but then it was made worse. My appetite was so big that we ate so much of the bad food. I guess I could have took some action about it, but I don't know. I really couldn't figure out what really I could do. He was just trying to make me happy, and I just wanted to be happy, And food was one of those things. That was constantly a thing that did that. Neither his father nor his brother, a Marine, suffer from obesity. Casey's poor eating habits are the sole source of his weight problem. At 33 years old, he even reached a record weight of 700 pounds. I was just eating until I'm dead, probably. A normal day for me is wake up around 12, figure out something I'm going to eat immediately. TV, video games, bed. It's not a lot of activity. It was at this point that he appeared on a reality TV show, Family by the Tons. This footage shows him morbidly obese. The show's producer cut him a deal. They would pay for a $10,000 operation if he would participate in the program. It's weird going from 711 pounds to like 470. It hasn't even been a year yet. It's kind of cool. Now he goes to the sports center three times a week. Okay, goodbye. Bye, sir. I'll be back later. All right, be careful. I'll be. Careful, super careful. And he's regained his independence at long last. I didn't drive for seven years, and I've only been driving again for like, a month, two months, maybe. I was tethered to my father in every shape of the way. It was... Difficult at times. there's tons of like weddings I didn't go to. I had friends that had kids that I didn't go see them. That's also because I had just changed so much. I really wasn't proud of the person I was. Every kind of conversation I would have with people would be centered around, what are you eating? What are you doing to lose weight? I was like, can we talk about anything but my weight, please? Please. I didn't feel human. I felt like... I don't know, like a zoo animal. But rapid weight loss causes various problems. Previously, his skin had to stretch to accommodate his weight. Now he is lighter, and he has too much of it. The only solution is surgery, but Casey cannot afford it. Swimming is one of the few activities that he has available to him. there's no way this is coming back. This is, that's pretty much there until I get it cut off. Like, you can fix this. And you can fix this and like the cheek stuff like that, only fine. But like wisdom and probably this will all have been cut off. Hey, all right, good. how are you? I'm good, so since May feels good. I just be like, noticed for like something good, instead of just being like, like. They notice you just for being the big guy, they know I noticed you from being the big guy. That's trying to lose weight. I'm definitely proud of that, too. That's good, I need to change my eating habits, but yeah, it's not, it's not. For the most part, everyone that's ever came up with me has had something positive to say. Either like I motivated them, or the show changed their life, or they showed them that they they're in their ways. They got inspired and this was like, like an opportunity to change my life for the positive. So there was nothing that was going to stop me from doing it. Today, Casey is hoping for another chance at a reality show to finance his operation. Last year, he and some 230,000 other Americans underwent weight loss operations. That's a 30% rise since 2011. Alex Perez is choosing to make the same choice. Hello. Hi, I'm Alex. thanks. thank you. You're welcome. Alex weighs 300 pounds. He's only 40, but he has the health problems of a 60-year-old. High blood pressure, sleep apnea, respiratory and muscular disorders. All of this due to being overweight. Stomach reduction surgery is his last hope. I've never been this heavy. Never. His wife, Jasmine, convinced him to take this course of action. She, too, used to be obese. She had the operation two years ago. I was very, very close to getting to 300s. she was a big girl. But it just got to point where I wasn't comfortable anymore. Which is the point that I'm at now, where I can't go camping with my son and keep up with him. Because he's 155 pounds and he's a firecracker. So I can't, there's no way I can keep up with, I can't do the normal things that our father does, you know. And that's why that's it. I'm done. I'm ready for this. How are you feeling? How much weight have you lost? About 70 pounds. 70? Yeah. Wow. This Miami Clinic's obesity specialist is Dr. Choi. He has performed over 4,000 operations like this. It's a new technique for rapid weight loss that involves neither physical exercise nor special food regimes. With a reduced stomach, the patient feels satisfied with smaller meals. How tall are you and how much do you weigh, sir? 5'10", 297. perfect. Very great weight. Try to go through your belly button so that the scarring be less. My job, Senor Perez, is to cut and remove about 70 to 80 percent of the stomach. And you're going to be like, but why are you eating so much of it and make it look like a banana? Because there is this hormone here called ghrelin. And once I do that, my patients tell me that I'm not hungry anymore. And then you eat less food because you're restricting. Okay? Chow. Thank you for allowing me to do all this for bail. Of course. You're helping him out. Prior to the operation, Alex will have to fast for three days. That, however, is nothing compared to the cost of the operation. $11,000, none of which is covered by health insurance. The couple has decided to take out a loan and to make monthly payments. Alex feels he has no other alternative. In the past three years, he has gained over 100 pounds. These are some of my family pictures here at our wedding when we were married. As you can see, I was a lot skinnier and she was heavier. When she had the surgery that she lost the weight, I gained the weight. I let myself go. Being lazy, eating wrong, eating at the wrong times. The work schedule in the United States is very hectic. And you come home and you eat and you're so tired and so exhausted that you lay down and usually pass out and go to sleep. It's been 10 days now since Alex has had anything solid to eat. A very difficult stage for him, but necessary to prepare his body for the operation. I used to come home with macaroni and cheese. And now for the operation, I'll come home and get a glass of water and take out one of these, melt it in the water, stir it. It just has the flavor of beef. So it feels like you're actually eating something, but you're not. It's just liquid. It's his last night with his entire stomach before surgery will forever alter his life. Obesity affects everyone in America. This includes teenagers, roughly 14 million of them nationwide. Phoenix, Arizona. Population 1.6 million. Here, one in three adults is obese. In the middle of the Arizona desert, between cacti and mountains, a new type of boot camp sprang up in Scottsdale last year. A four-star academy that looks like a mansion. It's strictly for teenage girls ages 13 to 18. Their stay here is set for a four-month minimum, and it will leave them $31,000 out of pocket. Walk about 1.5 and then walk back. Every morning, seven days a week. We did the math and it's 21 miles a week. It's a nice time to wake up and see the sunrise. It's definitely made me feel more productive, for sure. The girls here follow a strict regime. Breakfast is at 9 o'clock, and it's monitored. We write down our food and the calories, protein, carbs, and fat for everything that we eat. And we write it after we eat it, to keep track of it. We do it for every meal, and then we just add it all up and write the totals for every meal. Lindsay, the staff nutritionist, calculates the calories in each meal. Um, peanut butter subs this year has a little bit less calories. The school has created a scale of how full a person feels after a meal, with the aim of curbing appetite. I'm five, so I'll probably have another piece of fruit and be at a six. We usually shoot for a six at meals. It pretty much means, like, pretty good to go, but still slightly hungry. So I want to shoot for a six, so I'll probably have another orange. They're learning to live with feeling hungry. Kaylee is 18. She's from Texas. She entered the academy weighing 240 pounds. She has now lost almost 45 pounds. Haley owes the weight loss to Lindsay. She teaches the students healthy eating habits. Lindsay's nutrition class is highlighting the danger of eating salt-rich food. High sodium content can lead to problems with blood pressure and water retention. guys, so we're going to talk a little bit about sodium today. How much sodium do you think is the recommendation? A thousand. So general for all Americans, we're saying about 2,300 milligrams. Take a look at the things you usually eat at home, fast food, at restaurants, And we're going to bring up that nutrition content that we've looked at before and take a look at the sodium in some of our favorite. Well, I just Chick-fil-A. And my favorite one was the highest one. It's always higher than you think it's going to be with things. the calories is 450. Like, the carbs are a little too high compared to what I would usually eat here. And so is the fat. And the sodium is also pretty high. My favorite meal is the chicken teriyaki bowl. And I checked the sodium, and it was so high. I think a lot of it's just not knowing, what's in the food and what, like... Like calorie intake and stuff, and just not being aware of what you're eating. So I think awareness is like a huge part of what we're doing. So why do you think we like sodium so much? It enhances flavors. Besides their nutrition classes, Kaylee and her friends keep up with their regular classes online, five hours per day. I finished everything and went back. Was there anything yesterday? I checked. And where's your speech? And yeah, that as well. You got that here? I was going to read through it and take some notes. definitely do that. Okay. 3.30 p.m. Once the school day is over, it's time for cooking lessons. Twice a week, the girls learn how to prepare a balanced meal that they will easily be able to recreate back home. Better. I burned my finger a little bit. Today's menu includes a cauliflower-based hummus, but the classes are varied, with the aim of introducing the girls to new ingredients. My mom doesn't really put that on. We'll vary once in a while, and usually it's pasta because it's quick. It's fun cooking. I never really thought about cooking until I came here, but now I do it every every other day. A lot of fun food and it was not. I would sometimes come home feeling very like sick, and I don't like shot feelings. Abby, can I have salt, please? I'm gonna just put it in for a little bit longer, so it gets a little softer. But it doesn't stop there. To spur weight loss, the girls have one hour of mandatory physical training every day. And where should you feel your squat? Booty, yes. This afternoon, a full-hour high-energy workout set to music. You guys definitely have been great. What you refer to as a fat camp or a weight loss camp are completely different. we aren't just here to exercise, exercise, eat vegetables, exercise. The girls are doing so much more than just this. This is just one component. We try to do all sorts of fitness, HIIT training, Zumba, sports. So what we'll do is we're going to hold it upside down and put it on the sternum. I know. I fell on my own. It's a lot easier than when I first got here. I've noticed a lot of, muscle. The goal is to give them the physical tools needed in order to lose weight, stay in good health, and appreciate their bodies. Hey, that's not your... I'm really enjoying myself right now. I love working out. It makes me feel good. I feel accomplished. This evening, the school has a special surprise for the teens. For the first time in many weeks, they're getting a night out on the town. It's a much-needed break for these youngsters searching for their identity. I want to become a singer and so I'm gonna study music in college. I chose to come to help, like boost my confidence of like my performing arts, because I love music so much. I definitely think it's gonna be a new level of confidence on stage, not having to worry about certain things. In their quest to lose weight, these girls have left family and friends behind, taking time out of their lives in order to slim down and no longer be defined solely by their weights. We return to Alex. Whose big day has finally arrived. He is going to have two-thirds of his stomach removed. My son left this morning all worried, so I told him to relax, everything will be fine. With surgery looming, Alex is feeling anxious. But more than that, he's exhausted from three days of fasting. It's the first big operation that I've ever had. At the hospital, several members of his family and George, his best friend, are there to support him. You ready? Gotta get rid of this. yeah, yeah. Very important for me to be here. I want to make sure that when he wakes up, I can pick at him a little. Yes. And eat something juicy in front of him. I want to do that to him. Do I get Filet Mignon tonight? Lobster tail? You'll get to see him in a little bit. Bye. Choi will be performing five similar operations today, all on obese patients. Alex is the first on the list. Oops. Can I ask you a couple of questions, okay? Any medical? Problems I need to know about No okay surgery. is it okay? Well, you know, first, okay questions. Um, you're gonna hurt, afterwards, it might, you might feel some pain after. But I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna take care of you with all the payments. But don't you? All right, relax, Everything's gonna be fine. Okay, I'm gonna take care of you, all right. Alex is struggling to stay calm, but luckily Jasmine is on hand. Alright. Yes, it's my pikachu, mom. I got you a smile. Baby, have a good summer. The operation will be performed under general anesthesia. It's now one hour before the operation and the sedatives are making him feel drowsy. When Alex wakes up an hour from now, he will have lost a large part of his stomach. We have to give you oxygen for about five minutes before you go to sleep. So just try to breathe in. All operations have their problems and complications, but that was explained to him prior to surgery. Hemorrhaging, leaking stomach liquids, and bowel obstruction can occur after this type of surgery. But these are the risks patients are willing to take in order to lose weight. He should lose an average of 10 to 15 pounds a month, with a possible weight loss of 80 to 90 pounds in one year. His life is going to change completely. He's going to feel like a completely different person. It's official. He started, brand new, and I can't wait to see the transformation. So, a little anxious. Choi begins his work on Alex's stomach. First, he makes an incision to insert a camera. The procedure is done by watching the screen. The surgeon uses two surgical tools to section Alex's stomach. Here we see him working these clamps and scissors inside Alex's abdomen. After an hour and a half, the operation is over. How are you? Good, good. Everything went well. I tested it. He had a really big stomach. Thank you. They can get on my son. No problem. I don't know if he could eat, but I know he could eat. No, no, he couldn't eat. He would put down through crazy food. He can put down through, for sure. Absolutely. Hopefully, he won't be able to sit down. he won't be able to. Thank you again, very much. George, great seeing you again. Shazmin. Two days later, we find Alex up and on his feet. He is just starting to walk again. He is having far more pain than anticipated. I'm gonna try. What? That is too sweet. Your taste buds changed completely. What was not sweet before is now very, very sweet. I knew it was gonna hurt, but I didn't think it was gonna hurt this bad. The pain prevents him from moving freely. He can't lie down in bed, and the slightest movements hurt his stomach. It's going to be like that for the first couple of days and then nobody knows when it's going to get better. His son, Donovan, has come to visit him for the first time since the operation. Higher. And you see, so now my stomach is just here. So the stomach that was all here, he took it out through here. I would have kept on the way I was, I would be dead in 10 years. I'd be around to see him graduate from college and grow up to be a good man, and, did it for him. Gastrectomy is becoming more and more common in the U.S. 135,000 people underwent the procedure in 2017, a huge increase on five years ago, when only 29,000 gastrectomies were performed. While some Americans may be turning to surgery in order to lose weight, another movement has come to prominence, a movement that rejects painful surgeries, fad diets, and teen boot camps. It's the body positivity revolution, encouraging people to take pride in their bodies, no matter their size. Hi! Happy International Women's Day! The attendees of this New York party are celebrating women, especially those who love and accept their bodies as they are. It's the opening night of the International Women's Travel Festival. Among the globetrotting attendees, Annette Richman's team is making a huge sensation. These American women have come here to prove that there's no shame or problem with being overweight. Quite the opposite. Annette has made body positivity her mission and even her job. I feel like it's important to have representation of fat people traveling to inspire other people that are fat to travel. It's not easy, though. There are going to be different things that bad people have to face and have to deal with and have to consider that. Maybe straight-sized people don't. But my whole goal is to show that it's worth it. Annette is fighting for recognition for obese people. Several airline companies in the country now require obese people to pay for two seats. She aims to combat this injustice. Annette Richman is what people call an influencer. Originally from California, she travels to provide content for her social media accounts. Her blog has a very specific following, fans of the body positivity movement. I have almost 20,000 followers on Instagram. There's not as big of a body positive community everywhere as there is in New York. So there's a ton of events here. Her blog, Fat Girls Traveling, aims to represent this community. In it, hundreds of overweight women post photos of themselves traveling the world. Body positivity is becoming increasingly popular in the U.S. The idea is to be proud of your body in every way. Plus size acceptance is growing. So people are more comfortable and confident in their bodies worldwide. You know, people are getting bigger. Last summer, she created a Body Positive Fat camp, a vacation spot for fat people. Campers got to show off their bodies without worrying about being judged. It was quite the success. So much so. That she and her team are already planning the next one. Hello, my lovely. Welcome to the meetup. All of them have been stared at due to their weight. All of them have become activists, campaigning to change public opinion. Meetup. I am fat and like, I remember people, and I still, they still love it. They're like, you're beautiful. You're beautiful. Like, I'm both fat and beautiful. You're fat and you're smart, and you're tall, and you have curly hair. I am tired of people being ashamed to live in a bigger body. It's ridiculous. I would have been willing to die, to be fit. 100%. I would have welcomed cancer if it meant I was going to lose weight. I remember like in high school, kids would get mono and they dropped like 15 pounds. I'm like, man, I really want mono. I was like 15 pounds in like two weeks. That sounds like a dream. I think I would be thinner than I am now if I had not. Yo-yo dieted since the age of eight. Because I fucked up my metabolism by doing that. So I think that I probably always would have been bigger, but I think I would have been smaller than I am now. Simply because I wouldn't have yo-yoed for most of my life. But their message and attitude don't appeal to everyone. Many doctors are against this movement. They're worried that it will lead young people to dismiss the dangers of obesity. Oh my god, do you know how many times I've been told I'm promoting obesity? Anytime I drop a swimsuit photo. And at the end of the day, I'm not promoting obesity. I'm promoting just being comfortable in your skin and exercise and shaking your arms. Go take a picture, guys. Stop talking to me. Wine, you two. Go. Today is an important day for fat girls traveling. They're going to talk about how hard it is for them to travel like others do. Launched six years ago, this festival aims to connect influential women in the travel world. This year is the first year that overweight people have been invited to discuss the issues they faced, just like the one they're experiencing today. The stage was designed for five slim people. There is simply not enough room on stage for the five members of Annette's team. There's five plus-sized women. How are we supposed to fit up there on that stage? And I know that they're not doing it maliciously. It's just they didn't think about. People living in bigger bodies need more space. And that is the exact reason why we're here. We are plus-sized women, and we need a little more space. Kelly. We're all going on stage. You guys ready? You excited? Annette and her team have 45 minutes to enlighten the audience and to promote body positivity. Traveling while fat, it can be a little bit scary. Having to ask for an extender, having to ask for more space on an airplane or a bus, that makes people fearful. And so my goal with creating fat girls traveling was to kind of... Shake things up a little bit, but also to help take the stigma away from it. Because fat does not mean ugly. Fat does not mean lazy. Fat does not mean unlovable. Fat does not mean anything, but I have more fat on my body than you. Amazing. You did such a good job. It's so good. In America, the body positivity movement is fighting back. Tonight at Bounce, a Los Angeles nightclub, you have to be overweight to dance, and large, figure-hiding clothes are not allowed. Tonight, it's Singles night. Men who aren't necessarily obese come to meet women who are overweight. The emcee is Lisa Marie Garbo, an icon in the nightclub scene. She's a specialist in plus-size club nights. It's really awesome to see people who maybe used to dress more conservative. Now they know when they cut my club down that they can dress sexy. And body positivity brings in the money. Every party at the club generates about $4,500 in ticket sales alone. These women, and some 35 million overweight Americans are now daring to wear tight-fitting, sexy outfits. And walls are being broken down in the fashion industry, which has for so long upheld slimness as the ideal. Tess Holliday in Obese Model was featured on the cover of Cosmopolitan, a first in the history of fashion magazines. And in New York, one photographer has decided to go even further to smash industry norms. In her photo studio, Carizza puts the spotlight on overweight women. She is doing a photoshoot today for an exhibition. The theme? Women with curves. Chin up a bit. You are my hero. Love it. I love it. in the plus size community, it's growing, fashion projects. It's not anymore something small. Now it's era of big things. Big projects. Models come from all over the world to Karitsa's studio. I'm Sophie. Nice to meet you. I'm Adrienne. Nice to meet you too. Sophie Turner's 670,000 and counting followers make her very popular in the US. For three years now, she, too, has been a plus size model. Where I'm from is Scotland, it's not a thing, so people sort of laugh about it. There's not really a modern market there altogether. I tried going to London, but I find more success in New York, as it's the place to be for it. We need to rock internet, we need to rock... fashion, we need to rock modeling world, we need to, like, shake it a bit. It became boring, you know? I need to do like this, one, two, three. You know what? You are like French Queen Marie Antoinette, Thanks to people like Aritza. The way that overweight women are perceived is changing in America. You can even become a beauty queen when you're obese. We met one such pageant queen in the small town of Escondido, California. At age 34, Jennifer Gutiere won the Miss Escondido contest for plus-size women. 5'5", 280 pounds. Title Miss Escondido Plus, 2019. And today, at her home, it's the day of the big game. Like 98 million other Americans, Jennifer and her family are watching the Super Bowl. Oh my gosh. Super Bowl is like... One of the biggest events ever. It's like the World Cup in Europe. I don't know what that means, but sure. And it means food, family, friends, and everybody goes crazy. And usually everybody's drinking and going nuts, but we have kids. If you're having a Super Bowl party, you have to have chicken wings. Huge, American thing. Chips. I had to move the chips up here because my children will live on chips if I let them. Deviled eggs. Every event, you have to have deviled eggs. Calories aren't an issue for Jennifer. They actually improve her image. It's thanks to being overweight. That she was crowned Miss Plus. I'm so proud of you, Thanks, Daddy. But now Jennifer's dream is to become Miss Plus America. It's the biggest beauty pageant in the country for overweight women. she must win the California title. An intensive training program in Los Angeles prepares the candidates for the contest. At last, Jennifer will meet her competitors. Mrs. Escondido. I'm the current reigning Miss California Club of America. This is the first time I've met everybody. I've got, first day of school jitters. my white shirt. The day begins with several photo shoots. Hold that. It's the best way for the candidates to size each other up. Ready? One, and three. Awesome. Gorgeous. Look at that crown. I'm already a winner in my book because I've met so many people who are like, there's a plus size, Mrs. And I'm like, I'm like, regular Mrs. Escondido, but I can have donuts. It's like the best world ever. Silly. Silly guys. Nobody wants to see it when you are walking on stage. Do you see? It's jiggling. Being overweight doesn't mean letting yourself go, though. The candidates have to stay sexy at all costs. That nice, smooth, clean. So when I'm walking, guess what? There's no bouncing. Where you can feel like you're like... And when you take it off, you're like, Oh my gosh, I can finally breathe. It needs to be uncomfortable. I'm telling you, ladies, this will make the difference of whether you look good in a dress or you don't look good in a dress. Last item on the day's agenda, choreography. I'm scared for the dancing part. I have two left feet. So that's the only thing that I'm scared about is the dancing. fingers crossed. It's 8 a.m. In Anaheim, a city near Los Angeles. The new Miss California Plus will be crowned today. Jennifer barely managed to sleep. She is already getting ready to nab the title, a long cherished dream for her. I want to go to nationals. I would really like to win Supreme today. That would be amazing. I don't know if I'm going to. Frank, her husband, is with her to provide support. Yep. Frank. You got it. Love you. The candidates have spent several thousand dollars on garments and accessories to improve their chances of making their childhood dream come true. Thank you for writing. Look at this. you got new makeup. I'm not touching my hands. The pageant's director, Cher Rue, enters to wish everyone good luck. Fuck. With only a few minutes until showtime, the tension rises. I'm being loved by a skippy boy. I'm going to get dressed. The winner of the Mrs. California Flash Hungarian title for 2019, Jennifer Couture, Thank you. The next stage for Jennifer is the national contest in July. This accomplishment would never have been possible without the body positivity movement. Body acceptance offers a glimmer of hope for millions of Americans. In a nation where 40% of people are overweight, one solution is to love yourself just as you are.

  Top Comments:
  1. @magirusdeutzjupiter2234 [1 likes]: America best forte is stuffng themselves silly with fattening foods, they are greedy people.
  2. @ColaZeroDaily: NOT PEOPLE
  3. @karmajangchup: Only in America... :/
  4. @sonia1234502: Aprenda a cocinar y prépare ud mismo cosas saludables
  5. @AdamXSmith: Big food corporations normalizing obesity so the fat Americans can eat more so they can make more money.  You got to be stupid AF to fall that scam!
  6. @donatellaricci3500: Perdere peso non è solo un fattore estetico no non è così è salute !!!
  7. @tunim4354: And then people from this country criticises GLP 1 meds the most. That medicine has been nothing but a blessing for us with hormonal issues. And for that country, it should be mandatory to take it ATP because overeating is killing you
  8. @mazibukomail: Best weight loss is OMAD.
  9. @airtran50178: Obesity is a BIG business in America.  Same as heart disease and cancer.  If you want to see how serious they are about obesity, just look to see how many videos were generated in the past 12 months.  Many scenes in this video are 10-15 years old.
  10. @BennyBushwack: Hey the healthy restaurant is your kitchen. The only people i know who go out to eat like everyday are struggling with money the most while wealthy people eat at home almost every meal.
  11. @DrBenson21: Alex is a rough 40 year old.
  12. @trapbois4573: For 2 years, I was working from home and keep in mind I was eating home cooked meals. However, even with home cooked meals because my activity levels were low to non existent, I would still put on weight. A common misconception is food cooked at home is considered "fresh" and so we think its also "healthy". While it certainly is better than fast food, eating foods high in saturated fat like cheese and butter, foods high unsaturated fats, unhealthy carb sources like white rice and bread, high sugar content even in many sauces used for cooking and high sodium levels in certain foods. This all contributes to increasing the intake of calories naturally and the foods were not satiating enough to avoid overeating.
  13. @DavidSaintOnge2007: Your weight is not the restaurant’s responsibility
  14. @kirilraychev732: Are there no good grocery stores in the area?
  15. @23JMRH: It’s not just calories. It’s not just calories. Sugar is the cause of all obesity and they’re giving them peanut butter!!!! 🤦‍♀️
  16. @victordossantos1113: I'm visiting the US I'm a South African who now resides in the Netherlands, and I'm shocked by what I see in the population. I do admit that South Africa has its fair share of obese people, but in the Netherlands, you will be shocked to find a mostly tall and lean population. In the Netherlands, society is very mobile without even thinking about exercise. Cycling, walking, and public transport are common. The Dutch eat regular meals, not necessarily healthy ones, but usually small ones. They love chocolate sprinkles on their bread and routinely take a slice of bread with cheese and milk for lunch, but that is it. Then they burn it all off on a cycle home. In South Africa, life is ruled by cars, but the junk options are generally fewer, and so is the money. Sweet drinks are a problem, and the junk food scene is growing. But what I've observed in the US is truly staggering. So many young and obese people. I'm in my sixties and yet I feel like I'm a nimble feather in comparison to some of the 20/30-year-olds in America. Where does the health system step in?
  17. @23JMRH: Always seems these obese adults live with their parents. Do they not work either? There’s definitely a lot of dysfunction and enabling by parents going on.
  18. @jeffreycurtis4517: Very sad, but if your dumb enough to eat crap you'll pay for it with your life. J. Curtis World Natural Bodybuilding Federation pro masters bodybuilder
  19. @ranahikka2215: Another American bullshit lamo
  20. @dungoori: fat does mean lazy as fuck..

- The Weight of the Nation: Part 1 - Consequences (HBO Docs): Kind: captions Language: en this joa is heavy as I was it's called acanthosis 18 plus% of our children right now are [Music] obese how loud are you about 280 if you go with the flow in America today you will end up overweight or obese as 2third of Americans do I don't want to be fat for the rest of my life I've got diabetes sleep apnea high blood pressure I get dizzy when I get up everything's hurting though you don't crave broccoli and our generation has grown up craving a big man we have built a cheap food model and that's the one we're dealing with right now it's so hard to combat against what the TV is telling you to buy your kids the kind of food that we eat is the kind that's most profitable local and regional foods taste better the weight of the nation is out of control but we can fix that how you like the market market mean everything for this neighborhood we have got to come together as a country and really make this a priority as long as we stick together that's what it's about it's not only Health it's about survival and well-being of the United States as a nation the reason we have government in the first place is to solve problems collectively that we can't solve individually if we don't now take this as a really serious urgent National priority we are all of us individually and as a nation going to pay a really serious price [Applause] I weigh 99 lbs when my husband and I got married 30 years ago then you start having a family and after my second child it was like poofing it was my my grandmother my mother my sister and myself we've got it's been the same story it's not easy to take weight off and that's life ass suction patches pills fad diets counting carbs counting calories I've tried it all and I've asked my husband let's be honest here am I that big and when he doesn't answer me I think oh my God what has happened to me you know or if he says no way then I feel better about myself you know but the ones that that he don't answer I know I'm that big and it's it's it's like a slap in the face wake up you know do something you try and it doesn't and you lose hope then B Lu said it's just like any Town throughout in the southeastern United States and there's some variations you get rural in northern Mississippi there really a lot of poverty and so forth and it partly relates to the industry and agriculture but we're just like any Old Country Town it's strawberries and cheese and strawberry jell and it's got bananas and pineapple and you would not believe how good get your plates start eating this is Louisiana cooking this is louisian at its best where's the shrimp pasta you get tired of the the diet that that's not going to work and then you you fall off the wagon so to speak and you know you then you really piig out on something you're not supposed to have or you know you get tired of that that feeling of of failure if you don't fry it you grill it if you don't Grill it you ball it that's the way we eat down here good morning hello hi what's the name Cindy and Gary roach Cindy you're going to be first Gary's going to be second okay just have a seat when did you start coming to the hard study we were in grammar school grammar school both of us I want to say about the third grade third fourth fifth grade Kathy P Kathy when did you start coming through screening I started heart study um my first year was in 1973 I was in kindergarten the baloa heart study is a landmark investigation of the uh the Genesis of cardiovascular disease from childhood right through adulthood and many of us as we came up through our biomedical Sciences in uh undergraduate University we learned about the baloa heart study the main focus is on cardiovascular disease and the pathogenesis of disease over over time really starting in childhood I'm going home home toala I'm going home home toala in the baloa heart study we're looking at risk factors and children since we want to look at the early Natural History it's obvious that we ought to look at the early onset of these diseases the major effect of the baloa heart study is the biannual General examination of all school children in baloa I can remember being very excited when they used to come to the school they used to come it was a big white trailer and that's where they did all of the um all of your work and back then I was just happy because we were getting out of class when I got the heart study the intention was to look at risk factors just like Framingham but to do it in children what I need is a list of the people that you don't have any kind of record on some of them we have because we knew the cause we just didn't have the death certificate so you've exhausted all the data from the carer's office yes sir after we had been in the study five or six years we clearly established that heart disease began in childhood what clenched our information was doing an autopsy study 560 deaths since 1972 when we began to see lesions in kids it really gelled the fact that looking at risk factors clinically in life and here looking at the actual vascular disease and death and having a strong correlation highly significant relationships stand straight all right take a breath our children are now 50 years years old and we have a 30 35 year history on them did you give us your email address it's the only study like that in the world it has long-term black white population the Obesity that we're seeing is very damaging to the cardiovascular system I just found out that I have high blood pressure and they said that I was on the borderline with maybe uh diabetes so my doctor told me to do to go Brown so no more white rice or potatoes or white bread so we've gone to like wheat pasta wheat bread that type of thing okay all right what did you get for the subs scapula another and 133 obesity is not just fat cells sitting there but the particularly the central fat the abdominal fat the the Android deposition the male deposition of fat the waste measurement this is to measure the abdomen but it's the Obesity which is the major driving force for insulin resistance insulin resistance and obesity are the driving force for hypertension diabetes there's okay thank you the blood pressure 140 over is high if you lost 20 lb it might go to nor I am working on that I've lost you ought to be on some medicine I don't care you ought to be on some medicine I'll go back and see a doctor God good hey Sandy how are you I'm fine doing okay Miss Rita I'm doing fine found picture this morning I found out through heart study I had high blood pressure and I can take that to the doctor okay thank you m all we need my grandmother had a heart attack both my grandmothers I'm sorry um but I know going through heart study that if something is wrong it's going to be caught early on and maybe I'll be here to see my grandkids grow up I've got to learn to eat the right things at the right times and I'm going to try it I'm going to give it a shot and come back and y'all see maybe a new me thank you life is really hard for people who are obese and by hard I mean both the social consequences of that and the health consequences of that um write down to the fact that those who are very obese are not going to live as long as others um what makes me frustrated bordering on Angry is that um this is preventable uh it's not this is not one of those unfortunate acts of nature that we just have to accept as reality this is not the product of a tsunami the weight of the nation is not healthy and to get it healthy we're all going to have to do our part all of us have to be part of part of the solution to reduce obesity in this country otherwise we're going to be faced with steadily increasing health care costs and the lives that are lost from cancer heart disease diabetes and other problems how many people in this Society are able to maintain a healthy weight a third or less something's wrong with this picture level of obesity in the United States have increased in alarming ways in the 1980s the Centers for Disease Control began putting together a map showing levels of obesity state by state and then they went through the years and every time a state changes colors it suggests increasing levels of obesity when you look at the rates of adult obesity from 1960 until 2008 you can see that the rates were moderate and relatively consistent over time but then starting in the 1980s we saw a rapid increase resulting in the current level which is fully over a third of adult men and women in the United States are obese but it's the morbid obesity where we've seen the most striking increase from 1988 until 2008 we have childhood obesity at levels where people aren't denying it anymore so it is a a teachable moment when it was only adults or only people in less valued groups you could put it aside it's those people but when it's children you can get a conversation going people who are poorer tend to have higher rates of obesity so if you look back in the late 1980s and early 1990s there's a linear relationship between poverty and obesity but if you look more recently from 2005 to 2008 everybody's rates have gone up and being wealthier is not nearly as protective against obesity as it used to be there is some Regional variation but it's all different degrees of terrible the levels are so high everywhere that every state has to pay attention to this issue the health care costs not to mention the human burden are very high in every corner of this country and increasingly every corner of World obesity is an enormously complex problem with inputs from several places genetics is one uh we know uh that about 60 to 70% of the risks of obesity are heritable ones when it comes to obesity for the vast majority of people there's no one gene that makes a difference there's many many genes dozens perhaps hundreds Each of which has a small effect on the Obesity and the population but which add up to a susceptibility when exposed to this environment we live in for getting more overweight or not there are a large number of genes that have been identified in humans that do play a role in the control of body weight and very interestingly the majority of these genes are genes that influence food intake obesity is a classic example of a what we call a gene by environment interaction any individual's body weight in most instances is a result of the interaction of their genetic makeup with the environment that they happen to be living in there's no doubt that genetics the DNA that we inherit from our parents affects how much we weigh there's also no doubt that the environment we live in affects how much we weigh there's no nature versus nurture there's nature and nurture both Nature by that we mean genes and nurture we mean experience affect each other and they're inextricably intertwined is there a genetic predisposition to obesity absolutely is obesity caused by environment and behavior absolutely I've been interested in obesity for a long time but now I'm responsible for a city of 8.3 million people every one of those people I consider to be my patient as a doctor um and and of all the health problems I deal with this is the one problem is getting worse uh obesity and diabetes this shows the diabetes and the Obesity in the South Bronx here the uh the lowest income County in New York state very high prevalence of obesity very high rates of diabetes just a short distance away here in Manhattan the upper e side where it's the highest income neighborhood in the city uh we have very low prevalence of obesity very low prevalence of diabetes obesity is driving the epidemic of diabetes in the darkest areas on this map close to 90% of adults are overweight or abese you do have to literally start connecting some of these dots you know 57% of the kids in Philadelphia are overweight or obese you going to the playground okay serious diabetes problems uh obesity especially with our children uh and uh they just need more options right here in the community right on the Avenue we already know based on the information from the center of Disease Control and many others that for uh kids living in these neighborhoods many of them will die before their parents a child born in 2000 has a one in three lifetime chance of having diabetes if that child is African-American or Latino it's one in two the red spots are where the highest rates of poverty are in this area almost one out of every three children is considered to be overweight or uh obese and this is an area as you were saying with poverty the average household income is less than $25,000 for a family of four if you look at the state of Tennessee in Nashville it is a crisis level here I mean we rank at the bottom if we don't take on strategies that affect how the low-income Community is dealing with the Obesity epidemic we're going to see this phenomenon across our society in a relatively short period of time I'm going back to Bal people where I can have my fun we're pretty much in downtown B Lua right now which I'm sure was really nice back in the the' 60s OR7 and up here on the left is the lumber mill the smell of the lumber mill kind of permeates this whole place that's one of the lingering memories people beg me not to go I'm going back down in no school is our next scho y'all have a good day I think a really important question is when we look at the the levels of O overweight and obesity that we're seeing in in bogaloo so you know 50% of kids um being overweight or obese is is baloa unusual or if we looked at other places like this around the country would we be seeing similar levels of overweight and obesity you know is baloa special or do we just happen to to have 35 years of data on it in the 1970s 5% of children were overweight and obese today that's over 30% so we've seen just dramatic increases in a very short period of time so our biology has changed quite rapidly within a very short time frame on The evolutionary time scale and the Centers for Disease Control and prevention have produced these maps and this area around the Lower Mississippi Delta encompassing Arkansas Mississippi Louisiana historically has the highest prevalence of obesity and is kind of at the Forefront of the Obesity epid emic in the United States all this pink one for me actually Bri come on in here and let's get your height and weight okay you ready Danel so you're 12 yes ma'am not as bad as I've been here 10 years and I have seen a drastic change in the Obesity and I've seen um a change in the blood pressures it's definitely going up their blood pressure should not be that high actually it should never be over 120 over 80 so this is this is a kid that we'll watch we'll monitor his pressure we will probably do lab work on him get an EKG make sure everything with his heart okay send him to Cardiology if that comes back clean we may send him to see um a kidney speci specialist to make sure there's nothing going on with the kidneys cuz that sometimes can cause blood pressures to go up so this will be a kid that we watch and we follow shoes out for me okay step up on the scale we have to address it now these are going to be our patients that have are on dialysis in their 30s if we don't do something now emergeny they're our future they need us they need us to Care and we do we as pediatricians never had to worry about learning a lot about hypertension that was a specialist disease we send the occasional one to the cardiologist but now there'll be many many times that I'll be facing children with increased blood pressure Stacey give you a note going back to class okay yes ma'am I think the results that we're showing in baloa may be reflective as to where the country is going the blue line is the National Data in the red line shows baloa by the mid 1980s baloa really began outstripping the pace of the rest of the country we don't really see ethnic disparities we see the that both African-American and white children have comparable levels of overweight and obesity this is it this is what the kids have the swings are broken down there's no basketball court for them to play on and I mean what does a parent do you know what voice do they have and demanding safer play spaces for their kids and this is actually we're in a part of town with higher poverty rates and the density of kids is actually one of the higher areas in Bogalusa I guess you know we as communities need to realize that these features of our environment have health consequences and have consequences for for the Obesity epidemic it has to be a complete Community entire Society approach to reducing this complex problem not only is the prevalence of overweight and obesity going up in other words more and more children are classified as overweight or obese but within that category those children are becoming heavier and heavier around the world obesity rates continue to climb so I don't think we've reached the maximum yet I want another over one of the most important ways we've learned about cardiovascular health and what a normal heart and vessel system looks like as well as how disease process develops across the lifespan in the cardiovascular system is by studying tissue from autopsy specimens in people who have died for completely different reasons but also in people who have died related to cardiovascular causes weight that's present in young adulthood and weight that is gained from young adult to to middle age has tremendous consequences so we really think of this as a perfect storm a hurricane of consequences that drive cardiovascular risk and what we have in this case this is the heart from a 26 year-old woman of normal size height and weight who died of a non-cardiac cause her her cardiovascular system is entirely normal now in contrast we have a heart from another individual in this case a male he was in his 50s he weighed 500 lb and he was 5'9 in height his BMI was calculated to be 70 over 30 is is obese it's really dramatically different from the normal heart you can see here there's a lot of fat the cavity is a little bit small and the wall thickness is Extreme it's more than a centimeter and a half so this heart had to do a lot more vigorous pumping to push around a larger amount of blood volume and also was pumping into a thicker stiffer arterial bed so it had to beef up the muscle in order to compensate for that so this is hypertrophy pretty quickly that heart muscle that thickens so dramatically can actually start to weaken so the cells go through changes uh they pass a sort of Tipping Point where they then become weaker and the Heart overall starts to dilate or enlarge and that ultimately can lead to heart failure so here we see the thickened wall and a very small cavity but this individual died of a heart attack the contrast here is is a woman who has thickened walls as well but she didn't have a heart attack and over time those thickened walls got weaker and weaker and the Heart got bigger and bigger and dilated to the point where she have this big baggy ineffective pump now the heart's a muscle like any other muscle in your body with one important difference it never gets to rest so the heart is particularly dependent on its continuous blood supply and if that blood supply gets interrupted such as in a heart attack there's damage to the heart muscle that starts to occur within seconds to minutes and so in the end with the patient's death the pathologist sees this is a 71-year-old woman who weighed about 260 lb you can see here that it's enlarged it also has a fair amount of fat on the epicardial surface of the heart this patient has had a bypass operation we can see the bypass graphs laying on the surface of the heart so this woman as a result Al for obesity developed atherosclerosis and required coronary artery bypass and that's the graph that you see here that was done some time before her death you can imagine as a plaque forms in an artery it will affect the Dynamics of that artery normally an artery is composed of smooth muscle cells that actually expand to accept blood when the heart is pumping and then contract to push it forward to the rest of the tissue that's Downstream over time when plaque start to build up there's more ingrowth of tissue and severe limitation to blood flow and that may cause symptoms like angina or chest pain when someone is exerting themselves so when a plaque forms that plaque May gradually enlarge over time and if too much blood clot forms it completely blocks the artery once that happens almost instantaneously the heart muscle cells Downstream will start to die now the blue vessels that you see are actually veins which are bringing blood back to the heart and the red vessels coming out are arteries this is the aorta which car carries oxygenated fresh blood to the rest of the body tissues this is our Iota from our 26-year-old she has a normal heart and a relatively normal aort but if we look very closely you see a little bit of yellow raised lesion here here here fatty streaks are among the earliest lesions and they occur in children between the ages of 5 and 10 we think this process begins those early life experiences the development of obesity and overweight at a very young age we know has major consequences much earlier than than we should see uh for the arteries in particular this is an aota from our 71-year-old woman and you can see that this is a lot more complicated the surface is very rough and in fact this aota is is crunchy it's calcified it's hard it's stiff and some of these lesions these plaques have ruptured exposing the lipid to the bloodstream and when you see this kind of disease in the in the aort you know it's present in other vessels as well so ideal cardiovascular health is really defined by seven factors and health behaviors and they include having optimal levels of total cholesterol a normal blood pressure not having diabetes having a lean body mass index meaning you're not obese or overweight not being a smoker and participating in recommended levels of physical activity as well as pursuing a healthy diet unfortunately at present in the United States less than 1% of individuals actually meet the definition for all seven of these criteria for ideal cardiovascular health last February I was um training for the country music half marathon I had reached 10 miles and I was going to do 12 that day and I started to feel really nauseous and lightheaded and my legs started to fail and it was a heart attack this is me on my wedding day I'm at my heaviest you can see by the look in my eye how I feel I remember feeling ashamed I weighed 400 lb I've lost 100 plus PBS since this day I play a very wind driven instrument it's a very physical instrument and I noticed changes in my plane my weight affected my musicianship you know how people say they look at a photograph of the way they were and they say I never want to go back to being that guy I don't believe that I think I am that guy but I'm taking care of that guy you can change even if you weigh 400 lb you can change it boils down to a decision and saying this is what will happen it's not a matter of saying I want to or I would like to it is what will be and that kind of decision and that kind of fortitude changes things the individual with the abdominally preponderant fat if you will is at higher risk for the complications of obesity meaning diabetes high blood pressure heart attack than an individual who has fat stored elsewhere Sam do you have any questions it's going to be about 5 to 10 minutes there are Health consequences associated with fat deposition specifically within the belly we now know that there are um hormones that are released from these fat cells that then could interact for example with your heart or with your pancreas and they may become detrimental this person as you can see where white is body fat has a thick rim of fat underneath their skin called subcutaneous fat this person also has a lot of fat inside of their abdomen you can see all of these white blotches here inside the belly almost every organ system in the body is adversely affected by Having excess body fat and this is excess body fat underneath your skin excess body fat inside your abdomen and excess fat inside of other organs like liver tissue and muscle tissue and heart tissue affects the function of those organs all of us have fat inside our our tummy we have to have a little bit because we actually mobilize that fat every night when we're fasting while we're asleep that's the fat that is metabolized and turned into the fuel supply to keep our brain happy while we sleep until we have our breakfast evolutionarily men and women have been programmed to deposit fat into two different different fat Depot we have the visceral Depot which is this Depot of fat that's located inside the abdominal wall it's the first fat Depot that is readily mobilizable and it's it's burned up very very quickly and so men who needed to go out and actually find the game or the bear or the the food for the family they needed to be able to have a calorie substrate that was able to burn up really really quickly to provide them some energy women on the other hand we fight against losing weight in our hips and thighs and the reason we're programmed that way is that we rely on the calories in our hips and thighs evolutionarily to provide us with calories for breastfeeding um or to help sustain a potential famine while we're pregnant now that's all in evolutionary terms in the modern world of course we're all living with excess energy supplies and therefore both males and female females store that fat inside the abdomen inside their muscle inside their liver and Under the Skin and all of a sudden the system which was elegantly designed now no longer is necessarily advantageous for the species down I want this PE a little bit higher than this rib I work in a department of surgery where we do liver transplants and we're finding this very scary finding over the last decade that the reasons we do liver transplant are changing used to be hepatitis was the reason we did liver transplants but increasingly a form of therosis where the liver gets really stiff stiff called cryptogenic therosis has been the reason we're doing more and more liver transplants this is a lot of fat to get past uh it looks like like you you've done a good job at sweeping it over it's not what a normal liver looks like see how pale and pink it is it looks like injected with fat it's normally much redder uh if it doesn't have all these fat globules in it this is called fatty liver and it's also very thick and and hard to move around so what's cryptogenic curosis turns out that's a bad term that defines people who have stiff diseased livers for reasons that we don't fully understand except it turns out that almost all of those people have a very severe form of obesity and they have a form of liver change related to obesity where fat literally gets stuck between the cells of the liver causes inflammation causes stiffness liver disease and it may be the leading reason why in America in the next decades we're doing liver transplants 133% of all children who die in autopsy Studies have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and 38% of obese children this is a disease we never saw before it didn't exist before in adults or in children and now 38% of obese kids have it the liver is a critical organ in our body because of the important functions that it serves and now we're realizing that the liver is very important in the metabolic problems that are associated with obesity this has been a particular interest for us because we really are recognizing more and more the liver's Central role in causing or being involved at least in the metabolic complications of obesity which lead to Serious long-term outcomes like diabetes high blood fats and blood lipids and eventually heart disease and death I like I've battled my weight my entire life I've never been a person that had an easy time with weight from when I was about 18 years old on up about a year ago I was a little over 200 lb following the weight gain portion of the study all of my Vital Statistics changed my cholesterol went up from somewhere in the normal range to like 250 or 260 my triglycerides went up my fat when they measured my fat it went up about 10% I think being a person that basically yo-yoed I really wanted to have some answers as to what it really means and is it okay to stay obese as I found out from the study it isn't okay it didn't work out well for me my body or my mind you doing okay all right we're going to do a whole body scan on you measure for body fat takes about 10 minutes all right I just need you to hold real still this liver as you can see here a brown organ in the center of our body is a metabolic Workhorse it's a 4B organ that has extraordinary metabolic functions it makes a large number of proteins that are secreted throughout the body it also makes fats that are secreted throughout the body and also make sugar to keep our blood sugars at a normal level and prevent hypoglycemia and fainting when we don't have food and if you take two obese people who are the same body size same amount of body fat and one of them has a lot of fat in their liver and the other has normal amount of fat in the liver the one with the high liver fat will have all the metabolic abnormalities that are associated with cardiovascular disease risk whereas the person with the normal liver fat will be relatively healthy and metabolically normal OB that's correct palate palmitate so what we will be doing today is that we will be um infusing some molecules we will use this molecule in order for us to understand how well your body metabolizes fats we want to understand and see try to understand what is the mechanisms that causes this increase in fat in your bloodstream start pushing they've asked us to use five one of five fast food restaurants McDonald's Burger King Kentucky Fried Chicken Taco Bell or Pizza Hut so um and and the idea is to add 1,000 calories a day to my daily normal diet so that I gain weight over a course of about 6 to 8 weeks many studies that have looked at obesity have really evaluated the effect of weight loss in obese people because that's what we're trying to get obese people to do and we know a lot about the metabolic effects of losing weight much fewer Studies have actually looked at what's the effect of weight gain in obese people and that actually occurs much more frequently in our population than is weight loss so we decided to do a study that would really evaluate in a rigorous way well-defined way well-controlled way what is the effect of gaining 5% body weight in people who are already obese on their metabolic function thanks for CH McDonald I just need a cheeseburger and a small order of fries and that's it thank you it's a hand tossed pepperoni pizza those of us that have on occasion eaten an entire Pizza um each piece has 340 calories and 14 G of fat bean burrito for 550 calories is a lot of calories for a small amount of food I'm a volume eater so um I could probably polish this off for lunch and still be hungry you know I don't know I keep these Diaries and shows every everything we eat I did the diary for about a month before we started the overfeeding so that they would know about how many calories I took in on a normal basis every day and then they added 1,000 calories to that I'm going to pick up um I guess maybe hi um could I have an eight piece meal um a chicken extra Krispy Chicken Breast has 500 calories and 33 gram of fat it's great piece of chicken I'll admit that they serve it with the little biscuits one biscuit at 180 calories and 8 gram of fat now that I'm aware of the fact that it's 33 Gams of fat I don't think I would be as eager to grab the chicken you increase your LDL cholesterol the bad cholesterol by 14% And you increase your triglycerides by 33% after gain this 5% of body weight over such a short period of time your liver fat went from 3.9% up to 10.2% and you can see this peak much higher that's a 160% increase in liver fat content this is 5 lbs of fat and you literally gained 10 lb of fat so you actually gain two of those fat models by that small 5% weight gain which you did over really a period of a couple of months pretty disgusting body fat is not an inert dead tissue it's alive acting tissue it's not just the volume but this tissue has metabolic function that can cause harm now the good news is that the smallest amount of weight loss is needed to improve your health a 5% or 10% weight loss can have significant benefits on your metabolic Health these are microscopic pictures of a liver from a lean man and extremely obese man before and after massive weight loss you can see in this lean person that the liver cells are pink and very tightly packed whereas in this very obese person there's a lot of white Open Circles which consists of fat inside of those liver cells almost half of this person's liver is comprised of fat but once this obese person loses weight their liver has returned completely to a normal architecture about 30% of adults United States have fatty liver disease so this is not a simple issue this is a very complicated problem that involves a large number of people in the United States we know that when we begin the weight loss L process you'll very very rapidly reduce the fat content of your liver in fact we found that 48 Hours of calorie restriction causes a 25% reduction in liver fat content following the study when you start the weight loss program Dr client's office worked with me and we charted everything I ate and we talked about it and we got into a plan of eating um mostly lean meats fruits and vegetables and whole grains as soon as I started doing that the weight started coming off and all of my statistics went back to where they were when I started thank you enjoy I didn't want another hamburger I didn't want another piece of fried chicken I didn't want another cookie I didn't want any of it Hi how are you good I found out that with only a 5% weight gain a person who has a genetically healthy the disposition is at risk also so even though I've considered myself always to be a normal person and never that much overweight and never that unhealthy going through all this taught me that it's it's almost like you're just at the line waiting to go over the edge this is a serious medical problem that we need to address because this excess fat in the liver is driving a lot of these abnormalities that are associated with with obesity not just in adults but also in our children what obesity has done as it's moved in this wave through the population is to create right behind it a wave of chronic disease obesity causes an enormous number of health problems there's hardly any part of your body that it doesn't harm it increases your risk of cancer increases your risk of joint problems our bodies were not designed to carry two times uh our body size uh so there's consequences our throp aies that's a fancy way of saying uh joints that hurt and joints that hurt hurt more when you carry too much weight around obesity negatively affects the function of the human brain the higher the problem with obesity the less the activity of areas of the brain that are extremely important for cognitive operations the list goes on and on and on gallbladder disease liver disease people individually with obesity are much more likely to have diabetes they have diabetes they may have foot infections that fester and don't heal and so it requires amputations they may develop blindness they may develop kidney failure which leaves them Tethered to a dialysis machine for the rest of their lives what is this doing to ourselves as a nation this is really having enormous implications diabetes follows obesity as night follows day I always thought when they talked about someone being overweight and that caused this and then it caus that I thought these they meant being huge well we weren't huge but we were overweight and it just takes a little bit of overweight to hurt the heart to start the diabetes to lose a toe then to have to have bypasses in the leg and trying to save it and then losing a foot all right oh maybe I can get by it okay I'll just pull out he's found out just how much he can do and what he can't do I get home yes yeah yes there you go diabetes just means high blood sugar type 1 diabetes means you don't have enough insulin to run your body's functions type 2 diabetes says I have plenty of insulin but it's not working well at the level of the cell so the level of insulin's high but the ability to clear sugar into say fat is lost therefore the blood sugar Rises makes sick we understand much better than we have in the past what are the risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes the one that everyone is most acquainted with of course is obesity increasing weight and it doesn't have to be that you become obese it can be even at lower levels of weight when you go from being you know 2% overweight to 5% that increases your risk substantially you were in football and then you went to Boston College this is my Boston College graduation picture and I put a little bit of weight on there this this was 30 years ago so you were just about 42 43 in that picture this this probably shows you as heavy as I was you can see it in my face and it seems like I mean as we get older and we gain three lbs well that's not very much and it's we don't have to we think we don't have to worry about it but at the end of 10 years 3 lb a year is 30 lb and that's huge somehow obesity especially in the abdominal area makes you resistant to your own insulin so what happens your pancreas is now really trying to keep up trying to make more uh in order to keep your blood glucose from rising too high ultimately it gets exhausted and the cells that are making the insulin are now themselves uh sick because of being overstimulated and then diabetes ensues if you look at a study called the nurses health study in which they took Nurses Back more than 20 years ago asked them how much they weighed and if they didn't have diabetes at that point they Then followed them over something like 15 years and for those nurses who had a high BMI body mass index which was in the obese category they had a risk that was between 50 and 100 times higher than women who were thinner at that time we could have probably eaten better and we could have uh done done a lot of things are better if we knew if if we knew it was leading to to a diabetes you don't have to have steak and roast beef and all those things that we used to like we don't have anymore fish is wonderful chicken is wonderful and that's pretty much where where we stand today in your in your path it's the fourth door on the left absolutely so you've got some early cataracts that make it a little bit difficult for me to see absolutely clearly in there diabetes affects the vessels and it affects the vessels supplying the eye the vessels supplying the kidney maybe the vessels supplying the nervous system uh those are the small vessels and then it also affects those medium siiz vessels uh that that that Supply circulation to the heart to the brain and to the legs so the per the periphery now let's get to where the action has been I'm going to take a look at the foot and this is where the problem has been on the bottom of the foot here right okay actually on the side of the okay the peripheral nervous system is what gives you sensation so people with diabetes who suffer from peripheral neuropathy means that they don't feel their toes as well they don't have the same sensation to light touch or to temperature and their feet therefore are very vulnerable to various kinds of trauma you don't realize all that can go wrong when you are a diabetic in um 2010 January actually it was New Year's weekend and he woke up about 3: in the morning and his foot had mushroom to twice its size we called his primary care doctor and he said get in immediately I'll have the vascular team set up which he did in the emergency room they took a look at his foot and said If it's between your life and your foot your foot goes now I want to take a look at the stump okay okay can you get that off okay nice that slips right out okay and that's one of the problems is that with the diabetic foot because the circulation is reduced the bacteria kind of get their way in it looks like an innocent little infection I don't like sometimes what this looks like but this one I was afraid of absolutely absolutely there is this risk that we know of that about 50% of people with an amputation on one side will get an amputation on the other side within about 5 years or so got it okay in the US at this point in time there are approximately 24 million people with type 2 diabetes of that group there about 5 million or six million who haven't been diagnosed and we know that from having done screening programs where we pick up cases of diabetes where the people didn't know it so something on the order of 19 million or so with diagnosed Ty 2 diabetes and another 5 million or so with undiagnosed diabetes this has slowed us down but we it's not going to keep us slowed down I I think we have to work at it every day or else I think you have a tendency just to die and and I mean I've got grandchildren we both have grandchildren we want to see and things like that there's too much in life that's important to us just to give up and oh you forgot our wedding picture wedding picture this was 1968 68 yeah give you a kiss happy anniversary in June among the health issues that are confronting this country and now increasingly the world this could be the number one issue both in terms of human Misery the severity of the disorders that are consequent to it and that the cost of this enormous problem which is only going to get bigger we're living in somewhat of a damage control mode where we're waiting for people to get sick hospitalized diabetes stroke cardiovascular disease cancer and then we're investing in enorm orous amount of money in trying to mitigate the chronic disease State that's a huge drag on our economy someone who's obese costs on average more than $1,400 to care for more per year than someone who's not obese someone with diabetes costs on average $6,600 more to care for per year than someone without diabetes collectively obesity costs about $150 billion a year out of that almost $150 billion a year about half those costs are paid for by public funds Medicaid and Medicare if you look at the skyrocketing healthare costs in the United States which we don't have solutions for whatever competitive position that we have in the world today will even be weakened by this overweight problem that we have we're going to have a productivity crisis we're going to have an employer employee crisis we're going to have people say I'm not sure that I'm going to be able to manage my bottomline business system if I don't have FIT employees one of the things businesses are doing is increasing the the premiums for for obese individuals even North Carolina State Employees if they're obese now pay higher rates Alabama employees pay higher rates if they're obese private sector firms are are doing similar things but in fact some are saying you know what it's just too expensive and they're moving their their sites to India or China for cheaper labor and and basically offloading the cost entirely what type of nation can live without a Workforce that is healthy so what diabetes and obesity is doing to this nation is crippling the workforce but beyond that crippling the families and the individuals and the communities 27% of young people trying to get into the military cannot get in because they weigh too much that's affects the productivity not just the military but think about that effect for police forces and fire departments and workplaces around the rest of the country what is this doing to ourselves as a nation this is really having enormous implications I gained about 150 lbs I don't want to live like this anymore please rise or does it again if I set my mind to it I can do almost anything why can't I solve this problem what can I do about it I need to find something that works for me when it comes to fighting obesity what is the best thing that I can do for me and my family soda and other sugary drinks are the number one source of calories on our diet it's really not just about what we're eating but it's about what is is eating you we can separate out environmental factors from genetic factors got to get this weight off people who are overweight or obese and people who already have diabetes doesn't mean that the game is up yeah you got to start somewhere physical activity really is the Wonder Dragon it's a lot of hard work it's all worth it the payoff is huge I'm just an ordinary person who does a whole bunch of very very tiny ordinary things that together are extraordinary

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sara-90623 [7 likes]: Watching this in 2026 😅
  2. @tothelighthouse9843 [5 likes]: 31:11 "The heart's a muscle like any other muscle in your body, with one important difference. It never gets to rest".

This shook me. I mean, it's an obvious fact, but I've never really thought about it. My heart never gets to rest. It made me look at those clogged arteries more closely. Everything we put in our bodies has an impact on our health & lifespan.
  3. @DevinJames-s1h [1 likes]: The black woman looks really good for her age 😊
  4. @satishsatishiyer [1 likes]: I am 5 feet 8 inches tall male. My current weight is 156 pounds and I want to reach a weight of 138 pounds. Trying to be very lean and then aim for six pack abs. I find this documentary very helpful and informative.
  5. @Gina-b6d [1 likes]: Lost 480 lbs
  6. @mastercoder1935 [1 likes]: Seeing it in 2025. Done of the obese people don't actually look that fat by today's standards 😅
  7. @rodzor [1 likes]: I listen to stuff like this as I grind up hills on my mountain bike 😂👊💪🏻
  8. @maryyoung1602: This is one of the best reports I’ve ever seen on obesity. It’s opened my eyes 👀 and made me aware of myself. I am tackling my excess 30pounds now and wont let it get to the multi hundreds. Watching this in 2026 @145lbs. Hope to reach my goal 🥅 of 115 lbs eventually.
  9. @angelomariano9494: ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah!
  10. @fredjones554: Being overweight or obese raises the risk of dementia by 80%. Ie. almost double.
  11. @Gina-b6d: Think bugalosa looks better than kids in my classroom in the mid 90s
  12. @KenOwens78: Eat what our ancestors are which is as much fat and protein that they could. I've been living the carnivore way of life for over about a year and I've lost 50 pounds and reversed high blood pressure and cholesterol
  13. @Gemsofafrica: Whats the need for that annoying background noise/music?
  14. @StarfayeArt: I got injured back to back this last summer; first with tendinitis in my dominant arm’s shoulder and then when I went out to exercise, I sprained my ankle pretty bad rollerblading. I became way more sedentary over the next few months and within maybe 2 months, I was 20lbs heavier! I didn’t even realize it! I was eating more sweets because I found it comforting while I was in chronic pain :/ 

I genuinely thought my dryer was shrinking my pants 😂 then I got weighed at the doctors office checking in with my tendinitis and was shocked to see the number. I was already in the overweight/obese bmi range (right at the border of 29/30) but my paperwork came back as me being 32 bordering on 33 bmi. I’m currently down about 18lbs since July. From 193 to 175! And my goal is to get to a healthier weight for my height (about 40-50 lbs away 😅). I was in a period this last month and a half where I stopped tracking as diligently and eating more sweets and my weight loss was stagnant but this last week I’ve been focusing on eating clean Whole Foods and meeting protein and fiber goals more aggressively. I’m finally getting over the stagnation and trending down again! I have depression and PTSD and it gets heavier for me seasonally so I’m really focusing on combining my antidepressant medication with a clean nutritious diet. Lots of sardines and beans, for the most part. I got it from TikTok but I also finally got over my aversion to spinach by pretending I’m a herbivore dinosaur and just shoving it in by the handfuls. It honestly helps.
  15. @gardenjoy5223: To overfeed your child bad things is equal to child abuse! If it's treated equally, and become punishable, people will learn! 
How come no one may hit others and leave a bruise, but if the parents feed their child many horrible social and physical consequences it somehow is okay? It is not! Making your child fat should be a crime!!!
  16. @gardenjoy5223: At 12:35 the morbidly obese school bus driver says she's going to 'give it a try' to eat the right things at the right time. Knowing how many diets she already broke off early, this kind of wording makes sure, that she will fail. But then at least she can say, that she 'gave it a try'. 
Anybody who really wants to change, is not going to 'give it a try'. That person is going to change to healthy and balanced eating. Period. Those are the ones, that do succeed. For those that 'give it a try' walk away at the first bump in the road. It's both knowledge and willpower.
  17. @tinyshamrocks: Boredom, plus hyper palatable food.
  18. @versuliu1424: not a fan of the strange artwork.
  19. @erikaellis8513: Options and choices are not the same.  Poor people around the world are not obese - only in the Western countries - what you put in your mouth and how often is a choice - drinking 64oz cokes is a choice
  20. @beverleycumming1876: Fasting

- I Investigated America’s Obesity Epidemic: Kind: captions Language: en this man is overweight but is it his choice today I'm going to investigate the Obesity epidemic and find out if fat people are victims or if they're just lazy you can expect obese people to be a little bit lazier and I'm going to talk to everyone on both sides of this debate and I'm just going to warn you hi Hat's ugly I think parents should be charged with child abuse if their child is obese is obesity a choice I believe obesity is a choice it is a choice yes 100% no I don't think it's a choice obesity is not a choice it is a disease yes why do you think so because you know when things start to get out of control and you just keep eating and and not stopping so I definitely feel like it's a choice why do you choose to not be obese because I like to look good in a dress she says it straight she says it straight you want me to be honest I don't think it's always a choice sometimes with schedules sometimes people don't know like they have certain health conditions hormone fluctuations can really hurt especially for women no shade but men no no you're good you're good I'm just I'm just joking no shape but men like like my fiance for example he can eat anything and burn it off within like a week or two but for women we're meant to have kids so we do hold fat what would you classify yourself as it's that great area like I'm healthy but I'm definitely obese I need to lose weight what are you doing to fix that I'm here let's go she's grinding she's grinding right now do you think that Airlines should charge more for overweight people taking up two seats or should that second seat be free free is that a joke no no no not free for the plus side man why you getting treated you got to work that off man like you think they should charge yes charge bro if you're taking up two seats you're going to pay for those two seats cuz it's your choice to be overweight or obese in that sense so why should an airline give you the a discount or some type of ratee just because you're choosing absolutely you should not be able to get a free seat just because you're right I would love it if they did give a second seat free so are you on team free I'm on team free only because right now it benefits me but at the same time I do understand that just because it's nice doesn't mean necessarily that it's something that I'm entitled to I mean but they don't make it easier on you in the fact that they make things so expensive and the fact that they keep taking space away over the years they keep making things more and more cramped which makes things more difficult opinions are pretty split down the middle so I wanted to know what an expert thought Dr Mike gizell pleasure great to see you is obesity a choice no if you come up to people who have made a choice let's say to wear a purple shirt today okay they looked at two shirts in their closet blue purple and you come up to him you go I got a magic pill that'll turn your shirt blue they're going to be like I'm good I actually chose purple that's how you know they made an act of choice how many people can you legitimately come up to on the street and you say hey I have a pill that just completely eliminates all of your body fat you're going to take it you're going to just like zap into like a lean person's body how many of them are going to be like N I want to be like this sumo wrestlers and almost nobody else so by that very very direct reasoning obesity is not a choice everyone was comfortable sharing their controversial opinions when they were alone with me but I wondered what would happen if they had to confront each other I got three fit influencers together with three fat influencers to see if there's a common ground on this controversial topic is obesity a choice I do think that it's a choice I do not agree with being obese in any way shape or form I don't think it's a good thing in any way shape or form you can't argue physics calories and calories yeah that's a scientific fact but there's other hurdles that I've had to overcome with genetics that make it so much harder than the average person just by looking at you I can see you're lazy and lack discipline in that aspect you know I know just from talking to you guys that you are you know influencers you're doing bigger things and you know probably have good work ethic when it comes to that cuz I understand what that we all understand what that entails when that's all the data that you have there's a judgment made and you know for for you guys that it's a negative one from healthier people physically do you think that being obese means that you're lazy so the average uh analysis of like 100 people obese versus not obese is the only difference between them randomized sample from the United States by a small margin you're going to find more lazy people in the obese section because for any given level of food drive which you assume is kind of average uh if you're a little bit lazier you get much heavier if you're a little bit more diligent you could say you know I'm going to make healthier better choices really keep my weight under control probably most of obesity laziness is not an explanatory Factor but on the margins yeah on average not for any individual ual person on average yeah uh you can expect obese people to be a little bit lazier I went so many years of my life making negative decisions that in turn made me obese I would have people say to me like let's go outside and do something active and I'd be like no I don't want to heaviest I ever used to weigh was 310 lb and what are you weighing now uh 235 so you've lost almost 100 lb yeah I've lost about 65 lb is it ever okay to be obese yeah it's okay to be obese by default like you you know what I'm saying you look good to me girl hey any obese girls out there you feel me I'm married but my wife and I the bed is really big but uh what was the question again to me it's crazy that people don't prioritize their health if you are so you know overweight and unhealthy that you have incarcerated yourself in your own body and you literally can't do anything like what good is money what good is status what good is anything without your health believe me I feel it I mean some there's some days when I'm getting dressed to go out and like the way that I Envision the outfit in my mind and when I put it on it's two completely different things as influencers we're all kind of privileged I can afford a gym membership I can afford nutritious food what about person who lives you a food desert they can't afford a gym membership they're working 60 hours a week trying to support their family you think those people are obese myself personally I used to live in environments where I didn't have access to you know the resources as far as proper nutrition so I had to literally go out my weight to go get the proper nutrition I refuseed to be a victim of my environment so the end of the day you got to want it do you think a person's weight is entirely their responsibility or are there other factors something can be entirely IR responsibility even though there are other factors at play you know like let's say like a a truck drives by and splashes me with dirty water it's still my responsibility to get my shirt cleaned even though it wasn't my fault so obesity can be entirely not your fault usually it's not much your fault like you just have dog genetics for being fuing hungry and wanting snacks all the time and that's just a real thing the responsibility for your body belongs entirely to you so it is absolutely your responsibility but also doesn't have to be necessarily your fault did you know that if you go to gymshark.com and use code jesse10 you'll get 10% off your order that's lava I did know that if you want to you could save 10% looking absolutely beautiful in their high quality clothing code Jesse 10 baby is the word fat offensive no I do want to have the Cal out for a lot of people who are overweight fat whatever word you want to use there's trauma we can talk about sensitivity you're not I'm not sensitive to do anymore but I used to be Society has turned that into a negative word it is a descriptor word I am a fat person I've modeled for Columbia I've done stuff for Eddie Bower and other big companies REI I get in my DMs people who are larger than me or plus- siiz like me or fat like me saying thank you so much putting yourself out there because you put yourself I saw you in those clothes out on the trail in the gym I got the motivation to go do it I totally disagree with the plus-size models and all that stuff because I think that it is advocating for unhealthy Lifestyles and choices and and it's kind of normalizing it and saying it's okay to be this fat I look at it purely as it's unhealthy so I got perspectives from fit people fat people and people in the middle of their weight loss Journey but I wanted to hear from someone who experienced both extremes my name is s f i was 372 lbs and now I'm a bodybuilder so you were once a very big guy yes and now you're a literal bodybuilder you went on stage you won I won the overall Summers shredding male transformation class right and the the whole show you did the whole show oh my gosh I had to change who I was completely I had to kill my old self to to be reborn into who I am today from day one you stated your goal I stated my goal I'm going to pick a date and I'm going to pick and attend next year a bodybuilding show no no yes you're not I'm going to and then I stayed up 99.999% consistent I cheated once my entire entire Journey what made you make this change there was one very specific moment that happened I turned around in bed and I was out of breath wow I woke up turned around bed I was like oh this this can't be it how did you feel about yourself before you made this transformation when you looked in the mirror that's a hard one and I I get emotional sometimes just thinking about okay but I I hated myself and oh it's okay um I mean like I would avoid mirrors and you don't really realize how bad that is until you get there um I used to make all these like self-deprecating jokes where I like oh I'll be dead before I'm 40 I'll be dead before I'm 50 and I didn't care like that was fine like oh I don't need to work on my retirement fund I'll be dead like it's it's all these little I don't I don't do that anymore but back then it was such an intense lack of self-care how did you feel about yourself when you were 310 lbs I mean I hated myself I actually got like diagnosed with like high blood pressure that was like the first time I ever had to be like on medication I hated how I looked I didn't have any self-confidence I felt miserable all the time I was super depressed my feet would hurt my legs would hurt like I would lay down and have what I thought were growing pains but they definitely were from being obese I found that I would easily like sweat just like sweating all the time like body temperatures higher than usual absolutely and once I started working out and moving my body every day and paying attention into what I was putting in my body those negative feelings that I had towards myself they disappeared and how do you feel by yourself now when you look in the mirror oh God I'm excited to wake up every morning you know how crazy that is I'm excited to wake up I'm excited to to to to meal prep I'm excited to go to the gym I have a girlfriend now it's like my entire life just kind of came together so perfectly and becoming this new person made me want to be alive the one part of your transformation the most controversial part of of your transformation the weight loss drugs yes what would you like to know I'm an open book so this is all medically prescribed to you you're allowed to have all of this yes all of this is completely legal I feel like the biggest issue is just there's a lot of misinformation online about what is a peptide which is just a branch amino acid that's already in your body yeah these are natural things and this all helped you lose weight as well as long along with the hard work the cardio the meal prep let me iterate and this is a very important thing that I lost my first 105 lb in 6 months completely naturally wow it was essentially my my choice because I wanted to see how optimize I could become and how far I could push this to try to achieve what I believe now is to be the most insane transformation on the internet yeah it honestly it is his transformation would have been even more insane if he had used gorilla mine my favorite products are gorilla mine energy drinks gorilla mode Nitric gorilla mode creatine monohydrate and of course don't forget to use code Jesse for 10% off your order at gorilla mind would you say that using the weight loss drugs is cheating see that's the thing to cheat you need to be cheating a set of rules and who's setting the rules right now you have these rooms full of incredibly intelligent psychologists graphic designers arguing over the size of a font the location of it and that its color in an ad spending billions of dollars trying to feed us this food so who's really cheating here is it my little brain that can't fight billions of dollars of ads or is it this little tool that makes me feel full for a bit longer do we think fat shaming is good or bad I think it's bad I think it's bad as well I think it's good is it ever appropriate to shame someone for their weight it's usually highly ineffective for some people it'll have an effect a very small fraction of the population that's the thing that gets them going and gets them the change shaming people for a whole lot of it's probably pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lame for adults I love my little brother and like I was fat shaming him my whole life you know trying to get him to push himself to be healthier hold himself accountable make better choices it's not healthy and I want him to be around and live a long time but is that the best way to go about it though Bingo is the question bingo I found that the best route of action to help your friends is to leave by example you get what I'm saying if they're your friends and they know that you love them and yall have like a a a a relationship that is in accordance with love and they see you leading a healthy life they automatically they're going to want to follow you is there no value in the truth but it's also in delivery I agree so I don't agree with fat shaming at all I'm a very positive person so I try to approach people in that way I would try to reinforce that fat loss in the most positive way I can but still let them know hey cut the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and get to what you need to do because at the end of the day no one's going to do it for you excuses are what the world is made up of nowadays and I feel like a lot of the reasons why people don't succeed is cuz they blame outside factors other people for why they aren't succeeding and because they're not putting the time in I mean I've definitely been fat CH I've I've been obese most of my life I've I've definitely got a lot of comments a lot of jokes I'm not going to Fat shame anyone I think that's bullying and I'm not saying that I advocate for bullies and it sounds like all of you have been like physic or you know harassed or bullied about your weight right and I'll never be that guy ever I was fat shaming him my whole life I think the softness of our society as a whole has led to you know more and more people being being obese uh you know everyone gets a participation trophy that kind of stuff I regularly go 10 days without any food just for the mental toughness and discipline of it during the debate everyone was mostly respectful but as they got more comfortable with each other they started to get more honest things got out of control that's why I really can't stand the mental health stuff because I'm like you guys don't have real problems like suck it the up there are people themselves I think parents should be charged with child AB if their child is obese it's a first world problem I've been to third world countries I've never met anyone there with battling with mental health problems or obesity because they have real problems you guys are arguing for obese people and I would say you guys are I'm not arguing for obese people let's like let's make that very clear with that just people in general at the end of the day you are choosing what you refuse to change if you want to change you can make a change nobody going to help you but yourself all the resources that we have like it it definitely is a choice we live in the future you know we have the whole world in our pockets when you are eating from a sustainable approach then it makes it so that you're able to still enjoy those foods that you like without going overboard and that's something I've learned a lot in the past few years about about watching a lot of different YouTube videos like I watch some EOS too dude I didn't let realize thank you subscribe Ro to 10 mil let's go I had a health about few years ago I have been meaning to get into Health Fitness a little earlier but delayed because of work and things of that sort but I'm getting into it now do you mind if I ask what that Health that was oh leukemia really yes are you are you still dealing with that it's clear dude my man yes sir you know you know no excuse you're in here I love that I love seeing that real growth only happens when you get tired of your own until somebody really reaches that you will never be able to make them make the change now when they hit that moment embrace it it is such a magical place to be what I took away from Simon's story and everyone else that I talked to was that you can be whoever you want to be as long as you focus on your personal growth and always strive to be your best and as always stay Relentless peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JesseJamesWest [2300 likes]: Do you think it is a choice?
  2. @lisbodilkarlsson2267 [1 likes]: Thevtruth is that NO ONE wants to be fat!
  3. @nicholasday4065 [1 likes]: “Put a 300lb bodybuilder next to a 300lb obese guy and ask both: ‘was this a choice?’ Watch how weird that question suddenly feels
  4. @FranciscoAmbriz-d4o: Es una eleccion, comportamiento bueno eso digo yo
  5. @GravityDontMeanTooMuchTooMe: I believe most of the time it is a choice. A lot of people, especially non athletes, believe exercise is what makes people lose weight. No, that is not true, its mostly about how many calories someone consumes. To lose or maintain weight, just have a normal amount of calories instead of snacking. Buying meals AND snacks cost more money anyway, doesn't it?
  6. @waseemhermiz7565: Lazy
  7. @StevenLennartz: Lazy period
  8. @SmallWhiteJewDick: No, it's the culture, surroundings and environment
  9. @ReignRegime: Obesity becomes a choice. You choose not to workout, you choose your unhealthy eating habits. It’s a choice, there are cases like Thyroid conditions that aren’t given the choice but for the most part, it’s a choice for obese people.
  10. @Tacoking8891: Obesity is definitely a choice, but it can be an extremely difficult one to make. People can choose to complete extremely hard things, but I wouldn’t judge someone just because they choose not to do something extremely difficult. I am definitely in favor of medical intervention for those who struggle to get through it.
  11. @KaryaKarlı-y3g: Dünyanın en kötü dublajı
  12. @heno86: Is anorexia a choice?
  13. @RRR66620: LMAO I thought having Mr. Mike on as an "expert" was a legit skit! 😂
  14. @CasandraPerkinson: I feel like when you put the 6 men together, there should be 6 women if there is not already
  15. @derick-qy7xg: is that the guy "ha ha"
  16. @MohammadNoor-l8y: I agree with the point made at [12:10] about delivery. The truth matters, but how you communicate it to someone who is struggling whether it's with weight or anything else really changes the outcome.
  17. @darkblack7352: If you don't have a full on medical issue causing extreme weight gain, it's a choice, and most obese people choose to be fat.
  18. @brimassie: I think its partly a choice but there are also other factors like genetics.
  19. @VirgynBlack: The first type confuses frankness with being hurtful and cynical; although it is necessary to make them see reality and not treat them with pity, it is not necessary to hurt people.
  20. @sukdznuutz: True it's not a choice. It's a constant series of gazillion choices, and you constantly choose coke and Ice cream.

- Can we reverse the obesity epidemic? | The Stream: Kind: captions Language: en Whether it's children or adults, wealthy countries or developing nations around the world, people are putting on weight. What can we do about it? I'm Stephanie Decker and this is the street. I don't feel bad about being fat at all. I don't feel a single iota of shame about how much I weigh. I'm so embarrassed by the way that I look. I just genuinely love my life, love my body, love who I am. So, I would like to stick around as long as I can. I am actually ignored because I'm fat. I am actually not taken as seriously because I'm fat. I am actually passed over for things because I'm fat. I am actually been missing out on all sorts of things because I'm fat. This fear is true. This is going to be a message for fat or obese people. So, if you're not that, just keep scrolling. What are you doing? I wouldn't recommend anybody be fat in this world. It is horrible. It is so traumatizing. It is so isolating. People are evil. They are cruel. No. Obesity is one of the fastest growing health threats of our time. The World Obesity Federation predicts that 1 billion people will be obese by 2030. That's double the number since 2010. Now, this epidemic goes far beyond diet. It's shaped by inequality, food politics, and a system stacked against health. Well, we're going to break down the scale of the crisis the country is hit hardest. And what is it going to take to turn the tide? Let's bring in our guest to discuss this. Adrien Scarlet, known on Tik Tok as Bye-Bye Fat Man, he has dropped more than 64 kilos through diet, determination, and dancing on the platform. He is joining us from Livingston in Zambia. We have Dr. Rosio Salis Whan. She's a physician specializing in obesity medicine and endocrinology. She joins us from New York. And Agueno Steven, he serves as a trustee and board member of the World Obesity Federation and he joins us from Geneva. Thank you so much uh for joining us on the show. Aweno, if I can start with you, obesity is on the rise. Um the numbers are huge. You have called this a silent epidemic uh that is continuing continuously growing. Can you give us a sense of the numbers and perhaps why this is happening? Yeah, again thank you very much uh for this opportunity uh to talk about the silent epidemic which is obesity. Uh and it's true that obesity really has been on the rise for the past uh decade. We have seen a doubling of obesity cases and with more and more individuals uh living with obesity. So for example by 2030 we are estimating that one billion people which is one in every eight with the world population being 7 billion so one in every eight people uh will be living with obesity and even now we are seeing the cases that are shooting on the rise. So for instance countries um primarily obesity was in the countries in the islands. So this is countries like Samoa, Tonga, Tuvalu, St. Kits and Nibs which have the highest burden of obesity. But now we are seeing obesity rising even more in developing countries and on the continent of Africa we are seeing obesity is on the rise. In Asia, in Malaysia we are seeing in East Asia we are seeing obesity is on the rise. Uh and everywhere globally when you look more people are adding weight. So clearly we have a big burden here with obesity that needs to be addressed and if that is not addressed then we have a very big problem at our hands in the next few years. Uh why why is this happening? Well Dr. Rousio you mentioned in a podcast recently five key factors that contribute to obesity and they are genetics, hormones, the environment, lifestyle and aging. Now there's a lot of talk about the importance of recognizing obesity as a disease, right? You see so many people in your practice. Um how would you describe your patients? What do they struggle with? Well, it's very interesting because as a medical community, we always uh thought of obesity as a lifestyle problem, as a willpower problem. And we used to recommend to our patients eat less, exercise more, and waiting for them to come back with results. and it was not happening. Patients was not losing weight. So we stopped having the conversation and then we just dedicated ourselves to treat all the complications from obesity. But the most after treating many patients with obesity and we are learning that obesity is not a willpower problem. We know that there are many factors that can put a patient at risk for developing obesity. Right. as you mentioned those are a very big umbrella um that I'm categorizing the causes of obesity because we consider obesity now as a chronic multiffactorial disease and what I've learned through treating thousands of patients hearing their stories is that patients were actually trying patients were actually listening to what we were saying they were exercising they were eating less they were doing diets that we didn't even hear about right and the results was just not happening. So, I have yet to meet the patient with obesity that wants to have obesity, hasn't tried to lose weight, and hasn't done all their work from what they can possibly do to try to lose weight, but because that's not the problem, we weren't seeing the results. Adrian, uh, you have had a very personal battle with obesity. You've set up, you know, your Instagram, Bye-Bye Fat Man. you've lost, you have been very candid also in in the challenges um how to actually deal with obesity. Uh how would you describe what is the battle been like for you? It's it's a multifaceted battle and I think a lot of it's psychological. I would agree with the doctor because nobody as a child aspires to be obese. Everybody would love to have a healthy perfect body as maybe is portrayed in the media. But certain factors which I believe we've uh picked up on lead to maybe stress, depression which leads to people maybe overindulging. So I was di I was diagnosed with a binge eating disorder. So whenever I feel under pressure I'm more likely to eat. I completely rationalize where it's wrong. Even in the midst of overeing, I would know that I'm doing it and yet still indulging the food. So, I've had to go through certain psychological and lifestyle changes and it's a constant cyclical battle. I make progress, I regress, I reset, and I push on. And I think my my story is quite common. I've used shortcuts. I've used food replacement products. Um, I'm willing to try all sorts of things. I go to the gym. I try the dancing has been great, but again, I've regained a little bit of weight. I go back and I reset. And it's just a constant battle. And it has been really since my teenage years. Um, and I attributes a lot of it to the psychological factors that um underpin the binge eating disorder. um just not having a healthy relationship with food as a child. Um and having the freedom as an adult to make my own choices, making bad choices, and then not finding a way out of the trap. It's like there's a little fat person inside of me. And I've alluded to this in my videos that um yeah, I have to ignore the voice. I have to make it go away. When I think that I'm winning, it comes back with a vengeance. So yeah, it's a it's a constant struggle. Dr. Uh I I saw you nodding. Uh what do you respond to that? Uh I mean it's a very common story that I hear every day with my patients is that the constant struggle through the years and for many patients uh for decades. It's a constant battle that is 247 that it revolves around every plate in front of the patient. It's a constant mental struggle. How is this going to impact me? How am I going to feel? How am I going to gain weight? Am I going to feel guilty? Uh am I going to have to restrict myself? The mental toll that obesity takes in patience is something that we are just starting to discover that we're just starting to listen. Um and if we can do any measurement either medications that we have available now is why we would not release and relieve somebody for all those years decades of mental and physical struggle. It comes a lot of it comes down to food, doesn't it? Much of the unhealthiest food out there is designed to be inexpensive, easily accessible, and highly addictive. With the new generation of weight loss injections curbing appetites, some food manufacturers are actually trying to fight back. There's a company that's bio-engineering foods to outsmart ozic and other GLP-1 medications. I'm Dr. Well, Tik Tok simaglutide and tears expert and here's how they're doing it. One of the inevitable effects of taking ozic is people are eating less food and one company Matson is fighting back. Think of Matson as a consulting company that helps big food companies make food more addictive. Chemicals in our food produce pleasurable sensations. For example, when they found out that people like chips more when there was a louder crunch, they made the food crunchier. They can even alter the structure of salt crystals to make them absorbed more quickly. This, as far as I'm concerned, is bowarfare. It just goes to show you can't trust processed foods or the makers of processed foods. Aguo, you also have a personal story. You were uh sorry, Dr. CIC, I will come to you. Um, you also, you said you were an obese child. You struggled with food. you were constantly thinking about food. How much is the food industry to blame for where we are at these days? Yeah, I believe the food industry is really uh to blame when it comes to the obesity pandemic and especially when it comes to the burden of obesity and the craving. The food industry has designed foods to be hyper palatable. They've designed foods to be very easily accessible. They've designed the food to be uh consumer to be cheap. Uh it's funny to hear that healthy food is more expensive. Uh yet it takes less to manufacture and more ultrarocessed food is more cheap. And all of this is part of the foods industry's tactics to ensure that you are always constantly eating. You are always constantly having the availability of food. And I remember in my case um and even today when I was actively uh fighting my childhood obesity, I remember I couldn't sit down for 2 hours and not think about food. I couldn't uh concentrate in class past the 2 hours I always needed to eat. And more often than not, you find that once you jump onto an ultrarocessed food like uh crisps and fries and soda, you find that you always want to continue eating because the food has been designed exactly to do that. And that is a challenge that we've seen with the food industry who do not care about your health. They do not care about how well you're supposed to do. They do not care if you live long enough. The food industry for the most part cares about the bottom line. What is the bottom line? To make as much money as possible. And if this is the bottom line for the food industry, how will they do it? Make people consumers of ultrarocessed food. And this is a challenge that we continue to see on the rise. And even with what you just showed with people fighting the semiglutides, it's becoming an even bigger problem. I mean, people need to know that the food industry is not on your side. It's entirely on the other side looking at profit and you need to be aware of that and then find ways to counter eating of the ultra processed foods. The food industry is not on our side. Quite an extraordinary very strong statement and it is of course important. Psychology also something people battle with. Um Dr. Rousio, everyone is talking these days about uh what's called the GLP1 drug, right? Ompic um WGOi are how revolutionary are these drugs when it comes to obesity? They are groundbreaking. I believe they're going to have a greater impact in our society, in our health than the discovery of insulin. And it definitely I want to jump back up the food industry. The food industry will need to be held accountable for the epidemic of obesity that we currently have. Right? Same as the tobacco industry had to be held accountable at one point, the food industry will also need to and I agree completely. The bottom line is money. I compare the food industry with the drug industry with the cartel, right? Uh nobody's going to stop it because bottom line, it is highly productive of money. Now, if we think about disrupting the food industry, what could possibly disrupt the food industry? the GLP-1 medications and several companies here like JP Morgan uh Morgan Stanley have done studies of the impact of GLP-1 in the food industry and definitely the the patients that been on GLP-1 report a 60 to 70% decrease in the consumption of ultrarocessed food and more consumption of meat, poultry, fish, fruits and vegetables. So what's going to be the biggest food disruptor, food industry disruptor is going to be the GLP-1 medication. So that's how the impact that is going to have in a larger scale but in a in a human in a person in a patient, it changes their life, right? It relieves them from that 247 constant thinking of food. It teaches them how to eat healthier, how to get motivated back again into taking lifestyle changes like exercising and making better food choices because the food industry, what they do is they've created a reward for their food, right? For the processed food, for the ultrarocessed food. GLP1 blocks that reward from food. So patients don't see food anymore as a reward and there's not that uh mental connection with food including in binge eating. Adrien, you're listening to this. I'm sure this is something that you have looked. Are you tempted by trying these drugs like because I was look listening to your pre-in and you were very you're saying this the they sound great but they don't address the psychological aspects that you you and so many struggle with. Um would you consider trying this medication? You see, I I think it can be revolutionary, but the danger is we move from putting a lack of faith in the food industry, which I agree 100% with, but we're putting then our trust in big pharmaceuticals who are probably the other great evil empire in the world. And once the drugs become used and um become quite global, the prices will probably rise. And whether they become affordable for ordinary people may be a challenge. Um with the withdrawal of US aid, I've seen the impact on pharmaceutical companies control over supplying various drugs in subsaran Africa where there is a dependency now once the funding's withdrawn individuals can't um access the medication. So where I think it's it's a great kickstart and I found that the total food replacement diets were it's the sustainability factors when you step away from a dependency on a drug or a dependency on a powder which I was using which which was great induced ketosis. I lost at one point um 150 pounds. We also have to take personal responsibility. I recognize that I've needed help. I've had therapy before. I seek support for my obesity, but at the same time, there is the personal accountability. Um, big food companies do try to lull us into the security of the foods that they produce, but at the same time, we also need to recognize that's happening, rationalize it, and try to overcome it. Um, but like I've said, the psychology behind it is what makes it so difficult and where I've struggled. So I think as as my colleagues are saying, there's such a complexity behind it and perhaps as well there's a lack of compassion towards obesity and obese people in the global society. I think it there is this mindset that it's your own fault. whereas if someone has another eating disorder, there tends to be more kind of community compassion. Um, but I don't think that um overweight people feel that and I think it's even worse for women than it is for men. But then that could be another point. Dr. Lu, I see you. Go ahead. I would like to make two points on that. The f first of all is there I I hear this and I hear in my patients too but the problem that is happening is that we haven't accepted even patients with obesity we haven't accepted obesity as a disease right because if we were talking about hypertension if we were talking about type 2 diabetes there wouldn't be that hesitation of why am I going to need a medication I should just do it by myself right but obesity is a chronic disease that we have treatment for it. Chronic diseases we don't cure. Chronic diseases we control. And I'll put again the example of hypertension. When we put a patient on medications to reduce their blood pressure, once we control the blood pressure, we don't stop the medication, we keep it. It's the same concept with GLP1. So they're not and they were never designed to be used shortterm as a kickstart. Second, taking a GLP-1 medication is not taking the easy way out. It's not like I give up. I'm just doing a medication that it's completely the opposite. Patients actually have to be involved into getting the right results with this medication, right? To maintain muscle mass, to decrease percentage body fat, the p actually is more work from the patient than if they were not on the medication. And I think that's a big misconception. And the other point that I want to make is yes the food industry is culprit but we currently have a severe problem of obesity. Even if today we change the food industry it's going to take several generations for us to see to see improvement in our health from changing the food industry. But at the moment, we have an acute severe problem with obesity worldwide and we have treatment for it. So yes, I I think eventually the food industry has to change, but that's going to take generations for that us to see results. Uh AU, I'm going to come to you in a second. I see you nodding your head. I just want to look at the map. As you can see on this map, more than 30% of the adult population in the orange countries are obese. Now some of those countries are the United States, Mexico, Argentina, Chile, South Africa. We also have Australia and New Zealand. And in the Gulf and Middle East, there is Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Egypt, Turkey, and Romania. In Europe, um, Agueno, are countries doing something about this? Are they tackling the food industry? Are they putting things in place to help us make the right decisions? Yeah. So um on that two things are happening at the moment. So this year is going we are going to have the fourth United Nations high level meeting on non-communicable disases which is going to happen in Geneva and these usually are meetings where governments uh come together and decide what are going to be the next priorities for global health and for other uh relevant policies across the world. So what we are seeing now is a lot more countries are beginning to recognize obesity as a disease and obesity as a chronic problem. Uh however uh in the first in the zero draft of the you know of the declarations or the negotiations to be had uh in leadup to the world health in lead to the United Nations high level meeting on obesity has only mentioned obesity three times and emphasized mostly on prevention and excluding the treatment bit. But this is just a first step and we are hoping that as the negotiations start there will be more and more recognition of the seriousness of the problem that we have with obesity and also more um recognition of the benefit that would be had if obesity is addressed. And so obesity again uh goes beyond individual will and individual responsibility. Obesity control has to be uh ingrained in policy and we've seen countries uh implement some policies that have contributed to reducing their rates of obesity. So for example, I'm sorry we're gonna I have to jump in there because we only have a couple of minutes left on the show. Unfortunately, it's such a important discussion and we could go on um for hours. Now, we've discussed the many factors involved in weight gain and there is often so much more to someone's story than meets the eye. Listen to this. Let's talk about the elephant in the room. How does someone become this overweight? It's not like I didn't know what I was doing. It's not like doctors haven't told me that I had a problem. It's not like I haven't heard my whole life how fat I am. So, how does it get to this point? Right? Everybody wants to know that that hasn't been here. Well, it's a lot easier than you think. I won't get into huge details. I will just say that I am a survivor of sexual assault, rape, and abuse. I found that when I ate, I felt better. Some people do drugs. Some people drink. Me, I ate. Adrien, we have just about a minute left on the show. I want to give you the final word. What is your message to young people, to anyone struggling with obesity? Yes, we're hearing about these revolutionary drugs and they really are working for a lot of people, but of course this is very much a personal journey. Um, what is the advice that you give them? Are people is it a a struggle where I think a lot of people feel alone? It is. Um, I I found just creating the videos has been therapeutic because it's given me a lot of people who I I can talk to, talk about my problems, and if as a young person, if you can talk to people at school, talk to your doctor, talk to family members, and just be upfront about it. Since I've confronted it, taken it on head on, and recognize I have a problem, it's helped me. Um, and burying our heads in the sand doesn't help. There are different ways to do it. You trying to be healthy, trying to live an active lifestyle and keep the active lifestyle going. Young people are very active in general. Keep playing sports, keep taking walks, um, put away the PlayStations and similar things and be active and just try to get that mindset so you don't fall into the traps of the food addiction and binge eating disorders which can happen to anybody. Thank you so much. Unfortunately, we are out of time um on this very important conversation. We'll keep going. Um Adrian, Dr. Rosio, and Owen, thank you so very much for joining us today and thank you for being part of this very important conversation. And I'll see you soon. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kerriewithpurpose5722 [2 likes]: Is sugar the new drug or the old drug? Hummm....everyone is hooked on sugar and it's derivatives for sure.
  2. @markallinger1696 [2 likes]: For 80 percent of obese people it is a will power issue...most but not all.
  3. @brianmansan [1 likes]: Obesity = Lack of Self-control 
That's all..
Do not make simple things complicated. 
Obesity = Lack of Self-control
  4. @sarahsnowe [1 likes]: Let's stop talking about people "having obesity" or "living with obesity" and return to the accurate "fat people."  Euphemisms aren't helping.  Also, let's get real about willpower.  If someone told you "Lose 100 pounds in two years or I will k1ll you and your family," would you lose the weight?  A ridiculous scenario, I know, but work with me here.  More credibly, if you wanted to be an astronaut or enter some other career that requires a slim body and physical fitness, would you lose the weight and get fit?  The point:  it's a matter of motivation.  So if a happier, longer life isn't motivation enough, what is?
  5. @Aevoa: Some brilliant analysis of our current situation surrounding our relationship with food. Thank you!
  6. @timi0000-v5r: Canada is just as obese as the US.  My personal experience.
  7. @timi0000-v5r: 50 years ago virtually no one in America was fat.  Now I walk around in public and virtually every adult is fat.  And not just fat, but humongous!  The main culprit is ultra processed food.  Hopefully RFK can do something about this in America.
  8. @Anti_Hero_23: its not the food industry, its the people. If you don’t wanna consume fast food, how about don’t?
  9. @Vivake-09: Its the genes!
  10. @inspirescapesbydavegosling: It's what you eat along with how much...80% diet 20% exercise
  11. @raaaaaaaaaam496: 80% of farm subsidies go to commodity row crops largely because the most valuable subsidies are not accessible to farmers producing fruits and vegetables. This leads to ingredients like corn being far cheaper than it otherwise would be. A fruit cup or a salad should not be more expensive than a large box of fries.
  12. @Bled0001: Twenty years ago this never happened. Today it’s disgraceful: instead of teaching people that obesity is harmful to health, they are being told it’s not a problem to be obese."
  13. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: Hear FUNNY things
  14. @kerriewithpurpose5722: Most people who are obese and have tried but failed Most likely have type 2 diabetes or on the verge of it  and need to reverse insulin resistance by a very different food regime and exercise.
  15. @jfkcamelot: Cut the carbs and you will lose weight. 100% guaranteed!
  16. @SmallWhiteJewDick: The non Asians were raised up eating process junk
  17. @jonjones6583: Obesity has become a serious public health issue in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA). At present, the obesity rate in the KSA is among the highest in the world, making the country among the worst affected countries globally.
  18. @danielalt7508: I was thinking to marry after 5 years, but now I start to feel a pressure to marry quickly before 2030.
  19. @Valcon41: My opinion 
Its the chemicals, addictive substances we put in our food, it is  an addiction, and these food companies know it.  The ultra processed foods are not whole foods, so after eating, you are still hungry. Empty calories.  Portion control, the amount and frequency of what  we eat. 
I have been watching documentaries on tribes that are still in existence today, which gives us an idea of how our ancestors could have lived and ate. And a lot of the foods we eat today were not around thousands of years ago.  I also believe our lifestyle today is not helping.  We are not as active.  We drive everywhere, we take the elevator instead of the stairs.  Hours in front of the TV. Lost goes on
We need to promote more health and make a stand against the food companies. The health care industry also makes money off of us being sick.
  20. @Jtzist: I cant afford to eat like that, food aint cheap.

- One in five American children are now affected by obesity: Kind: captions Language: en one in five American children are now affected by obesity childhood obesity doesn't only just cause emotional pain like depression anxiety and low self-esteem but it also wreaks havoc on the body - by diabetes high blood pressure asthma and fatty liver tissue with the increased issues of childhood obesity I think we're seeing a lot of other disease states that we we weren't seeing normally in children they were more you know adult types of diseases so what can you do don't focus on losing pounds focus on consuming healthy foods and drinks and get the whole family involved switch out soda with water or low-fat milk and ditch the milkshakes for fruit smoothies keep junk food high up and out of sight and keep snacks like fruit veggies low sugar cereal at your child's eye level and with nutrition kids need to be active in fact it's recommended the kids get at least one hour of physical activity each day

  Top Comments:
  1. @daredevilrush4887 [1 likes]: Can’t believe they say at least one hour of physical activity should be at least 3-4
  2. @Monkeywrench542 [1 likes]: well golly, why don't we just make corn syrup and modified corn syrup illegal to put into our food.  it would be a big plus.
  3. @peodex69: THEY SHOULD HAVE AVOID PROCESED FOOD IT LOOKS GOOD BUT IT TASTES REALLY BAD AND HAVE BAD INDEGRIDIENTS SO EAT UNPROCESSED FOOD AND DO AS MUCH EXERCISES AS POSSIBLE

- Over 1 in 3 U.S. adults is impacted by obesity, CDC says: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to this Monday morning. Your time. Now 456 new CDC data confirms that obesity in the US continues to rise with more than one in three adults now affected A B C's Jacqueline Lee takes a closer look at the numbers and what they mean. According to the latest CDC statistics, 23 states now have an adult obesity rate above 35% before 2013. No state had obesity rates this high at least 20% of adults now have obesity in every US state. The impact of obesity varies among different populations. Black adults in 38 states and Hispanic adults in 34 states report obesity rates above 35%. White adults had an obesity rate above 35% in states. While Asian adults were not above that threshold in any state. The CDC highlights the need for improved access to healthy food, safe spaces for physical activity and effective treatment options to help people achieve and maintain a healthy weight. Obesity can lead to serious health problems like heart disease, stroke and type two diabetes. Experts stress that obesity is a complex disease influenced by factors beyond just diet and exercise such as genes, stress and access to health care. With this medical minute. I'm Jacqueline Lee.

- The cold, hard facts about obesity in America: Kind: captions Language: en SECONDS SECONDS AFTER SECONDS AFTER MIDNIGHT SECONDS AFTER MIDNIGHT AT HOUSTON HOUSTON METHODIST HOUSTON METHODIST CLEAR HOUSTON METHODIST CLEAR LAKE. >>> >>> ONE >>> ONE OF >>> ONE OF THE >>> ONE OF THE MOST >>> ONE OF THE MOST COMMON >>> ONE OF THE MOST COMMON NEW YEAR'S YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS IS YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS IS TO YEAR'S RESOLUTIONS IS TO BE HEALTHIER. JANELLE JANELLE BLUDAU JANELLE BLUDAU SHOWS JANELLE BLUDAU SHOWS US, JANELLE BLUDAU SHOWS US, WHY MORE MORE AMERICANS MORE AMERICANS THAN MORE AMERICANS THAN EVER MORE AMERICANS THAN EVER NEED TO TO TAKE TO TAKE THEIR TO TAKE THEIR HEALTH TO TAKE THEIR HEALTH SERIOUSLY. >> >> Reporter: >> Reporter: OBESITY >> Reporter: OBESITY IN AMERICA. IT IT IS IT IS SOMETHING IT IS SOMETHING WE IT IS SOMETHING WE DON'T IT IS SOMETHING WE DON'T LIKE TO TALK TO TALK ABOUT, TO TALK ABOUT, BUT TO TALK ABOUT, BUT IT'S TO TALK ABOUT, BUT IT'S HARD TO TALK ABOUT, BUT IT'S HARD TO IGNORE. LET'S LET'S FACE LET'S FACE IT. WE WE ARE WE ARE GETTING WE ARE GETTING FAT. IN IN FACT, IN FACT, IT'S IN FACT, IT'S SO IN FACT, IT'S SO BAD, IN FACT, IT'S SO BAD, SOME IN FACT, IT'S SO BAD, SOME CALL IT AN IT AN EPIDEMIC, IT AN EPIDEMIC, BUT IT AN EPIDEMIC, BUT THESE ARTIFACTS. AMERICA'S AMERICA'S OBESITY AMERICA'S OBESITY HAS AMERICA'S OBESITY HAS NOT DOUBLED. IT HAS IT HAS TRIPLED IT HAS TRIPLED IN IT HAS TRIPLED IN THE IT HAS TRIPLED IN THE PAST IT HAS TRIPLED IN THE PAST 50 YEARS. THE THE CDC THE CDC DEFINES THE CDC DEFINES OBESITY THE CDC DEFINES OBESITY AS ANYONE ANYONE WITH ANYONE WITH A ANYONE WITH A BODY ANYONE WITH A BODY MASS ANYONE WITH A BODY MASS INDEX OVER OVER 30. IN THE IN THE 1960S, IN THE 1960S, THAT IN THE 1960S, THAT WAS IN THE 1960S, THAT WAS ONLY ABOUT ABOUT 14% ABOUT 14% OF ABOUT 14% OF OUR ABOUT 14% OF OUR POPULATION, BUT BUT TODAY, BUT TODAY, IT'S BUT TODAY, IT'S CLOSER BUT TODAY, IT'S CLOSER TO BUT TODAY, IT'S CLOSER TO 40%. AT AT 33%, AT 33%, TEXAS AT 33%, TEXAS RANKS AT 33%, TEXAS RANKS 14th AT 33%, TEXAS RANKS 14th WHEN IT COMES IT COMES TO IT COMES TO OBESITY IT COMES TO OBESITY IN IT COMES TO OBESITY IN OUR COUNTRY, COUNTRY, BUT COUNTRY, BUT WHY COUNTRY, BUT WHY IS COUNTRY, BUT WHY IS IT COUNTRY, BUT WHY IS IT SO COUNTRY, BUT WHY IS IT SO BAD TO BE TO BE OVERWEIGHT? IT'S IT'S DANGEROUS. FOR FOR TWO FOR TWO PRIMARY FOR TWO PRIMARY DRIVERS FOR TWO PRIMARY DRIVERS OF MORTALITY MORTALITY ARE MORTALITY ARE SMOKING MORTALITY ARE SMOKING AND OBESITY. IT CAN IT CAN INCREASE IT CAN INCREASE YOUR IT CAN INCREASE YOUR RISK IT CAN INCREASE YOUR RISK OF IT CAN INCREASE YOUR RISK OFúDI PANCREATIC, PANCREATIC, LIVER, PANCREATIC, LIVER, AND PANCREATIC, LIVER, AND THYROID CANCERS. THE MOST THE MOST ON THE MOST ON HER THE MOST ON HER PART? IT'S NOT IT'S NOT EQUAL IT'S NOT EQUAL AMONG IT'S NOT EQUAL AMONG EVERYONE. THOSE THOSE WITH THOSE WITH LOW THOSE WITH LOW INCOME THOSE WITH LOW INCOME AND THOSE WITH LOW INCOME AND LESS EDUCATION EDUCATION WERE EDUCATION WERE MORE EDUCATION WERE MORE LIKELY EDUCATION WERE MORE LIKELY TO EXPERIENCE EXPERIENCE OBESITY, EXPERIENCE OBESITY, BUT EXPERIENCE OBESITY, BUT WITH ALMOST ALMOST 72% ALMOST 72% OF ALMOST 72% OF AMERICANS ALMOST 72% OF AMERICANS BEING

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeffjohnsonharrison4719 [3 likes]: Don't they deserve it though? I mean they're mean, ignorant and arrogant. Also very racist.
  2. @SigmarizzSigmarizz [3 likes]: Americans is obese because they got so much suplies of food they eat more than they should
  3. @wee2004 [1 likes]: Thank God we have RFK Junior in the house As he’s going to help reshape the food industry to omit all the poison in our food and make America healthy again
  4. @user-xg4td3gg7e [1 likes]: ‘Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live’ - Socrates
  5. @stavm1909 [1 likes]: Well Ive finally worked it out USofA actually stands for "United States Of FAT AMERICANS
  6. @alchemy1 [1 likes]: What causes it you said?  Yapping away for nothing.
  7. @kylebucy9541 [1 likes]: Seed oils..   Seed oils..  Highly inflammatory...Highly processed.. Killing us all...
  8. @ewilliams-x7v: Its tue food they go out and buy rather than making a home cooked meal free from chemicals & preservatives. 
Obsessed with eating out, the government could do better and ban & fine companies who cover food and processed foods in chemicals (uk 4 ingredients on McDonalds frys in the usa over 50)
  9. @Leai12344: I hate all that giant food.🤮
  10. @jackcarter5101: "My wife's American, which is great, because over there, I'm classed as an athlete" - 400lb Geordie comedian Steffen Peddie
  11. @manpreetkaur7486: I've seen so many positive reviews about Planet Ayurveda. Definitely going to give their obesity supplements a try"
  12. @vjponc2: i worked in the oil field in PA. and in my crew, it was only the non-Americans who were fit and could keep up with the work. we carried that crew on our shoulders whie the other’s were just lazy af and fat
  13. @specialcookday: Fat americans  R getting Fat Yeon Chow. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 All U Fat  head US of  Fatso.
  14. @dannil666: The fat fat fatty country. They have the president they deserve😂
  15. @Abdullah57tt: People are programmed to eat less. In the old days, most people were hungry. People who get used to eating less will be more comfortable. Counting calories, walking, stopping eating before being full, making room for water and breathing in the stomach.
  16. @tonymoto1188: Maybe put a tariff on fat
  17. @RudyFromMiami: Obesity is pain🙏🏾
  18. @FrazerNash25: Just greedy! Plan and simple
  19. @CharlesDiCristofano: Texas is number one ☝️ in obesity! LMAO 🤣 😝 😆
  20. @kylebucy9541: Every television commercial is for highly processed fast food.. Grocery stores are 85% junk food

- Weight in America: Obesity rate increases across US (Part 1 of 5): Kind: captions Language: en WHO IS AFFECTED THE MOST I’VE GOT MANY I PROMISE YOU I CANNOT TELL YOU ENOUGH ABOUT HOW GOOD I FEEL LIKE IT IS IT’S AMAZING ON APRIL 16TH. 2020 JOHN JONES EMBARKED ON A WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY. HE SHED ABOUT A HUNDRED POUNDS IS BARELY RECOGNIZABLE FROM THE PERSON. I GOT TO KNOW SEVERAL YEARS AGO THE JOHN I FIRST MET YES. BIG JOHN BIG JOHN 356 POUNDS JOHN IT’S YOU LOOK LIKE A DIFFERENT PERSON. YEAH. I FEEL LIKE A DIFFERENT PERSON JOHN’S PRIDE PRACTICALLY POPS OFF THE SCREEN. HE SPENT MOST OF HIS LIFE HEAVY AS MANY AMERICANS DO THE OBESITY EPIDEMIC IS IS TRANSFORMATIVE FOR HEALTH IN THE UNITED STATES. IT’S PROBABLY NOW THE NUMBER ONE HEALTH PROBLEM 42% OF ADULTS AND 19% OF CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS HAVE OBESITY. ACCORDING TO MEDICAL EXPERTS TO HAVE OBESITY MEANS YOU HAVE A BODY MASS INDEX OF OVER 30, FOR EXAMPLE. TO HIS 5-9 AND WEIGHS MORE THAN 203 POUNDS 9% OF THE US POPULATION HAS SEVERE OBESITY A BMI OVER 40. THAT’S A FIVE FOOT NINE PERSON WHO WEIGHS MORE THAN 271 POUNDS. IT’S NOT CLEAR TO ME WHY PEOPLE AREN’T MORE CONCERNED ABOUT THIS PROBLEM. IT’S BECOME A SOCIAL NORM THIS DOTTED ABOUT 40 YEARS BACK BEFORE THAT OBESITY WAS THERE BUT NOT IN THIS PROPORTIONS. AND SLOWLY ALMOST EVERY STATE. HAS NOW SHOWN THAT THE OBESITY RATE IS WAY ABOVE 15 TO 20 PERCENT. AND THE CONVENIENCE OF VENDING MACHINES EVERYWHERE CERTAINLY DOESN’T HELP ONE ESTIMATE BY HARVARD UNIVERSITY PREDICTS IF THE RATE CONTINUES THE WAY IT IS HALF OF ALL AMERICANS WILL HAVE OBESITY BY THE YEAR 2030. THAT’S JUST EIGHT YEARS AWAY. RIGHT NOW THE RATES ARE HIGHEST FOR PEOPLE OF COLOR 49.9% OF BLACK ADULTS HAVE OBESITY 45.6% OF HISPANIC ADULTS HAVE OBESITY FOLLOWED BY 41.4% OF WHITE AND 16.1% OF ASIAN ADULTS WHEN IT COMES TO CHILDREN HISPANIC KIDS HAVE THE HIGHEST OBESITY RATE AT 26.2 PERCENT FOLLOWED BY 24.8% OF BLACK CHILDREN, 16.6% OF WHITE AND 9% OF ASIAN KIDS. IT’S CONCERNING PEDIATRICIANS. THE FACT THAT WE’RE SEEING THESE TRENDS THOUGH, I THINK IS INCUMBENT UPON US THE PHYSICIANS TEACHERS COACHES PARENTS TO CALL IT OUT AND SAY HEY, LET’S GETPAC MEANWHILE, JOHN IS DETERMINED TO BE AN EXAMPLE FOR HIS COMMUNITY. THAT’S WHY I’M I WANT PEOPLE TO KNOW LIKE LOOK. I’M HERE. YOU’VE SEEN ME. I’M RIGHT HERE. I’M IN BALTIMORE BORN AND RAISED HERE STILL HERE. AND I’M DOING THIS IT’S ABOUT IT’S ABOUT THE CHOICES AND I’M SHOWING THAT MY COMMUNITY THAT IF WE CAN DO THIS WELL HERE FROM JOHN THROUGHOUT THE SERIES ALONG WITH MANY OTHER VOICES WITH UNIQUE PERSPECTIVES. I’VE BEEN OVERWEIGHT ALMOST MY ENTIRE LIFE AND THAT SUBJECTED ME TO A LIFETIME OF BULLYING AND RIDICULE PEELING BACK THE LAYERS OF THIS COMPLEX EPIDEMIC. IT’S A PERFECT STORM OF YOU KNOW, A LOT OF REALLY BAD FACTORS. WE EAT FOOD FOR EVERYTHING AND THE CONSEQUENCES OF OBESITY ARE SUBSTANTIAL CONSEQUENCES. NOT ONLY AN ENORMOUS HEALTHCARE COSTS, BUT S

- Obesity rates in America: what causes it, and why it's so hard to cure | USA TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en there's an epidemic weighing down our nation contributing to more than 12 percent of yearly deaths in the u.s no it's not covet 19 that's a pandemic what we're talking about is a long-standing chronic health problem and it doesn't look to be going anywhere anytime soon this is the obesity epidemic more than 40 percent of americans fit the medical definition for having obesity this puts them at risk for serious health issues including diabetes heart disease and some types of cancer and the pandemic has only increased the stakes in its first year nearly one third of severe covid cases were blamed on excess weight so how come obesity with its many associated risks is so difficult to overcome is it societal brought on by a culture of laziness or is it biological and we're just putting too much of the blame on ourselves societal circumstances are certainly a factor with the prevalence of ultra processed and aggressively marketed foods that are high in fat salt and sugar it's easy to see why we put on the pounds in the first place but getting them off is a lot harder and this is linked to our evolutionary biology once the human body creates extra fat cells it's extremely difficult to cut down their numbers we evolved to hold on to extra pounds ensuring our survival when food was scarce our evolution has yet to catch up with the existence of a fast food joint on every street corner to make matters worse experts have found that social pressures around weight loss often cause those who do lose weight to rebound stigmas and shame are more likely to create negative emotions and disordered eating which result in weight gain instead of positive shifts in health and eating habits so if you've been having trouble losing weight recently don't be too hard on yourself it's just in our nature hey thanks for watching if you like this video check out these other videos from usa today to stay up to date with all the latest news

  Top Comments:
  1. @jkc877: It's not hard to cure lmao. Just don't put that piece of food in your mouth, done.
  2. @NUSORCA: If you can’t stop eating fast food, then only eat fasting food, every 2 days
  3. @Nothing-tu5qz: 8 no is the reason
  4. @LDT2001: People live off of fast food and frozen food because they 'dont have time'. Also people dont do cardio like at all. I can understand if youre injured but it doesnt kill you to go for a run or use a jumprope. You did it all the time as a kid.
  5. @johntexas7493: Its not the food, its the portions size
  6. @Sylvia-rp1xq: Stop eating so damn much and excercise
  7. @JIm-w1b: About 30 years ago, there was fully professional, documented, expert level scientific research with conclusive proof that, dietary excess is NOT the cause of obesity. Overindulgence including sweets and junk food does NOT make a person fat. People do NOT gain weight because they eat too much or eat the wrong kinds of food. This is fully proven scientific fact
  8. @xvitsey: I don't want to just blame it on are horrible fast food its also people just generally being lazy and not exercising
  9. @j4288: Create more sidewalks in the suburbs. We need to walk more and eat less
  10. @GoodDr.: Nice video, and I’ve learned a lot, Let's prioritize self-care and stress management as important aspects of health.
  11. @aidantech: USA Today is a scam
  12. @aidantech: Loser
  13. @aidantech: Loser
  14. @aidantech: Loser
  15. @aidantech: Loser
  16. @aidantech: Loser
  17. @aidantech: Loser
  18. @aidantech: Loser
  19. @aidantech: Loser
  20. @aidantech: Loser

- USA's Obesity Epidemic: Heart Attack Grills, Fat Camps and Plus-Size Beauty Pageants | Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en (traffic droning) (birds chirping) - [Victor] This is Jackson, a small town in the southwestern United States. And hiding behind the walls of this little house is an unexpected illness, an illness now widespread in America. - [Dad] I'll give you some money to get some gas. - [Casey] Yeah, and we'll get dinner, and I'll get dinner afterwards and everything, good. - [Victor] This man suffers from a disease that affects 93 million people in the nation, obesity. At just 34 years old, Casey King now weighs 485 pounds. According to him, he is a victim of fast food. - We're good, to do do do. Oh, it's on my phone (grunts). I live in Jackson, it's a very small city. There's a McDonald's, there's a Burger King, there's a Taco Bell, there's a KFC, there's a Pizza Hut, there's a Subway, there's a Little Caesar's, I think there's a Domino's, there's a fried chicken place, it's amazing, it's really good, but it's like a family thing. There's a million different fast food restaurants. I can't really tell you (placid music) any place that is a "healthy restaurant" though. - [Victor] Years of bad eating habits have pushed his body to the limit. - No, you can't have that, no, no, you can't have that, no. There you go, go, there you go, there you go, bud. Okay, no, no, bud. - [Victor] Even taking a shower is a difficult task for Casey. - There's a lot of skin. There's a lot of skin hanging, there's flabs and stuff. I jokingly tell people that I'm like a big melted ice cream or whatever, because it's stuff, literally, it's almost like it's dripping off of me. (upbeat music) (chattering) - [Victor] The figures are staggering. The average woman weighs 170 pounds and is 5 feet 2 inches tall, while the average man is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 200 pounds. 36% of the nation is obese, including even President himself. Only a few months ago, Donald Trump's physician officially categorized him as obese, clearly a result of his love for fast food. In January 2019, in honor of an American Football team, Trump ordered 1,000 hamburgers to be served at a White House reception. - We have Big Macs, we have Quarter Pounders with cheese. We have everything that I like, that you like. (crowd laughing) And I know that no matter what we did, there's nothing you could have that's better than that, right? - [Victor] Never in all its history has the country been so overweight. We go to Las Vegas to follow Rikki, a waitress in a fast-food restaurant specializing in the world's most calorie laden burger. Casey King tells us what it's like to be morbidly obese. We're following family man, Alex, in his quest to lose weight through surgery. We visit an Arizona boarding school specializing in helping students lose weight. And finally, we're exploring the new body positivity movement that has recently sprung up in the U.S. In New York, Karizza, a photographer, and Annette, a blogger, shows us a new perspective on obesity. (audience applauding) And finally, we're off to Los Angeles for a beauty pageant exclusively for overweight women. These women own their obesity, and don't shy away from showing it off. But at what cost? Welcome to Las Vegas. Every year, 42 million tourists swarm the famous strip, eager for a taste of "Sin City". Casinos, hotels, nightclubs, and of course, fast food outlets. There are some 40 in the downtown area alone. The capital of entertainment and junk food. A few minutes' drive away is the area housing the majority of Las Vegas workers. - [Child] Mommy! - [Rikki] Good morning, good morning, boys. - [Man] Good morning. (baby moaning) - [Victor] Rikki Ogawa is a waitress in one of the city's largest fast-food restaurants. This 30-year-old American lives with her husband and their 2-year-old son. - No. - Despite Rikki's job, you won't find a single burger in her house. In fact, it's quite the opposite. - Maybe with these. He eats very healthily. He gets no flour, no corn, no processed sugar. It's just straight healthy. (water rushing) This is just a kale shake. We put flax seed in it, fruit, and then freeze, just to try and make sure he gets some of his greens in for the day. It's always just easier to get 'em to drink their veggies instead of eating them. - [Victor] Serving up sodas and burgers every day has driven Rikki to ban them from her own home. For a good reason, too. The restaurant where she works really puts the "junk" in junk food. (blender whirring) - Lots of fruit in it. - Lot fruit in it. - [Victor] She spends an hour every morning getting ready. Her waitress uniform? A gimmicky nurse's costume. ♪ Dreaming, dreaming, dreaming you'll look my way ♪ - I am getting ready to turn on nurse Rikki. I definitely play a role when I'm there, and it's fun. I have so much make up I don't even use. ♪ Dreaming, dreaming of come what may ♪ It's more than being on a burger game shift. It's not just, you know, "Here's your food, "have a good time. We try to make it more of an experience instead of just a burger joint. ♪ Look at me ♪ - [Victor] Mascara, glitter, lipstick, and a tight fitting dress is all it takes to turn Rikki into a nurse at the junk-food hospital. ♪ Hoping you'll be mine some day ♪ - What the heck is that? (baby googling) - [Victor] But it's not medicine that the doctor has ordered. No, here at the Heart Attack Grill, patients are prescribed burgers, fries, and sodas, and more. It's the only place like it in the world. It caters to folks who like their food deep-fried and supersized. Before being seated, diners are weighed on a gigantic scale. The fatter you are, the better. If you weigh over 350 pounds, your hamburgers and fries are on the house. Weighing in at 400 pounds, this customer is getting a free, all-he-can-eat meal. The servings are humongous. For regulars here, though, eating a quadruple burger is easy-breezy. - I got a quadruple bypass the last time I was here. It's really good. - [Victor] Rikki even goes as far as selling only beverages high in sugar and calories. And there's not a healthy vegetable in sight. - Chili cheese, bottled water is the same price as a soda, 'cause we don't really want you to drink it. You can take anything off the burger you don't like. But we only have bacon that you can add to it, so we have absolutely nothing green, no lettuce, no pickles, no avocado. It's too healthy. Just a little chili cheese fries to share. Your double and single. - It's actually bigger than I thought. I'll be able to finish it. - [Victor] Enormous burgers, heaps of fat and sugar, this concept was crafted by an American who dubbed himself "Dr. Jon". - Dr. Jon and I will tell you everything you need to know. But first, let's get you prepped for surgery. - A member of our medical staff will now dress you for surgery. No one has ever been admitted to the Heart Attack room without a hospital. - [Victor] Everything here is designed to harm your health. Smoking is encouraged, cocktails are served in pill containers, and wine is on tap in an IV injection theme. The fast-food joint claims it has been curing anorexia since 2005. - Stick your booty out, out, perfect. - [Victor] If you don't finish your plate, you're dragged to the front of the joint for a good, old-fashioned spanking, while everyone watches. - I gotta do the left side, I gotta do the left side. Number two. (customer screaming) Thank you, baby. - [Victor] Simply put, at this fast-food restaurant, obesity is king. It's a gimmick that works. This fast-food restaurant serves over 650 customers a day, and rakes in $5 million per year. (spanker clapping) - [Rikki] I told you it's a spanking, not a love tap. You better finish your burgers. - [Victor] From the food to the spankings, it's all one big show at the Heart Attack Grill. The star attraction is the world's most calorie laden burger, the "Octuple" burger, a gigantic, towering pile of eight hamburger patties that takes 25 minutes to prepare. The entire thing weighs 6.5 pounds. This meat monster contains 20,000 calories, the equivalent of one week of food. (food sizzling) - 6.5 pounds, it is massive. Here's that big burger I promised. Bye bye, my dear. Good? - But you only get the chance to do something like this once. I don't even know where to start. - [Woman] Yeah, how do you eat that? - [Victor] Like many, this man won't manage to finish his Octuple burger. And so, he'll get a spanking for not cleaning up his plate. - Are you gonna be able to eat half (mumble)? - [Rikki] One. - [Victor] American fast food is now also unhealthy entertainment. As a result, there are 116 million overweight people in the U.S., many of them putting their health in danger. Atlanta, Georgia, the birthplace of the world's leading soft drink brand. Georgia has well over 5,000 fast-food outlets, and the state's obesity rate is nearly 32%. Escaping junk food is a huge challenge for those in the nearby town of Jackson. The area offers very little in the way of leisure activities. Your only options are fishing in a nearby lake, or taking advantage of one of the many fast-food restaurants. We return to Casey King. He has lived his whole life here with his father. - And in this picture here, he was two, or maybe going on three. Such a cute boy. - [Casey] Thanks, appreciate it. - He weighed 12,6 when he was born. He's never been really small. He's just been real healthy. - "Healthy". - [Victor] Casey started gaining lots of weight after a serious ankle injury. He spent weeks in bed, only able to eat fast food, morning, noon, and night. - hole foot long sandwiches, pizza, fried chicken, that kinda stuff. That was just the easiest, quickest stuff to get. And also, not having one of things but two of things, like two burgers from McDonald's. It was bad, but then it was made worse. My appetite was so big that we ate so much of the bad food. - I guess I could have took some action about it. But I don't know, I really couldn't figure out what really I could do. - He was just trying to make me happy, and I was just trying to be happy, and food was one of those things that constantly a thing that did that. (dog whining) - [Victor] Neither his father nor his brother, a marine, suffer from obesity. Casey's poor eating habits are the sole source of his weight problem. At 33 years old, he even reached a record weight of 700 pounds. - [Casey] I will just eat until I'm dead, probably. A normal day for me is wake up around 12, figure out what I'm gonna eat, immediately. TV, video games, bed. It's not a lot of activity. It's hot, it's hot. - [Victor] It was at this point that he appeared on a reality TV show, "Family by the Ton". This footage shows him morbidly obese. The show's producers cut him a deal. They would pay for a $10,000 operation if he would participate in the program. - It's weird going from 711 pounds to like 470. It hasn't even been a year yet. It's kinda cool. (shirt rustling) - [Victor] Now he goes to the sports center three times a week. - [Casey] Okay, goodbye. - Bye, son. - I'll be back later. - Bye, be careful. - Oh, I'll be careful. Super careful. - [Victor] And he's regained his independence at long last. (feet thumping) (vehicle rattling) (vehicle droning) I didn't drive for seven years, and I've only been driving again for like a month, two months maybe. I was tethered to my father in every shape of the way. It was difficult at times, there's tons of weddings I didn't go to, I had friends who had kids that I didn't go to see them. That was all because I had just changed so much. I really wasn't proud of the person I was. Every kinda conversation I would have with people would be centered around, "What are you eating? "What are you doing to lose weight?" I was like, "Can we talk about anything "but my weight, please, please?" I didn't feel human, I felt like, I don't know, like a zoo animal. (dog barking) - [Victor] But rapid weight-loss causes various problems. Previously, his skin had to stretch to accommodate his weight. Now he is lighter, he has too much of it. The only solution is surgery, but Casey cannot afford it. Swimming is one of the few activities that he has available to him. (water splashing) - Is your skin gonna have enough elasticity to go back? - There's no way this is coming back. That's pretty much there until I get it cut off. You can fix this, and you can fix this, and the cheek stuff. And that'll be fine. But this stuff, and probably this, will all have to be cut off. - Hey! - [Casey] Hey, how's it going? - Good, how are you? - I'm good. So, since May, I'm down like 235 pounds in. It feels good to be noticed for something good, instead of it just being they notice you just for being the "the big guy", they now notice you for being the big guy that's trying to lose weight. - Yeah, I'm definitely proud of you. - [Casey] Yeah, I appreciate it. - That's good, I need to change my eating habits, but. - [Casey] Yeah, it's not easy. - Yeah, it's not, it's not. - For the most part, anybody that's ever come to me has had something positive to say, either that I motivated them or the show changed their life, or it showed them the error in their ways, they got inspired. And this was an opportunity to change my life positively, so there was nothing that was gonna stop me from doing it. - [Victor] Today, Casey is hoping for another chance at a reality show to finance his operation. Last year, he and some 230,000 other Americans underwent weight-loss operations. That's a 30% rise since 2011. Today, Alex Perez is choosing to make the same choice. - Hello, hi, I'm Alex. - [Woman] Hello. Okay, Alex. - Okay, thank you. - [Woman] You're welcome. - [Victor] Alex weighs 300 pounds. He is only 40, but he has the health problems of a 60-year-old, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, respiratory and muscular disorders, all of this due to being overweight. Stomach reduction surgery is his last hope. - I've never been this heavy, ever. - [Victor] His wife, Jasmine, convinced him to take this course of action. She too used to be obese. She had the operation two years ago. - I was very, very close to getting into the 300. - [Alex] Yeah, she was a big girl. - But it just got to the point where I wasn't uncomfortable anymore. - Which is the point that I'm at now, where I can't go camping with my son and keep up with him because he's 150 lbs and he's a firecracker, so there's no way I can keep up with him. I can't do the normal things that a father does. And that's why I'd say I'm done, I'm ready for this. (door rattling) - How are you doing? - Good. - Yeah? How much weight have you lost? - About 70 pounds. - [Dr. Choi] 70? - [Jasmine] Yeah. - I can't think that, wow. - [Victor] This Miami clinic's obesity specialist is Dr. Choi. He has performed over 4,000 operations like this. It's a new technique for rapid weight loss that involves neither physical exercise nor special-food regimes. With a reduced stomach, the patient feels satisfied with smaller meals. - How tall are you and how much do you weigh, sir? - Five 10, 297 pounds. - Okay. Perfect, you're at a great weight. I'm gonna try and go through your belly button so that the scarring be less. My job, Senor Perez, is to cut and remove about 70 to 80% of the stomach. And you'll be like, "But why do you need to remove "so much of it and make it look like a banana?" Because there is this hormone here called ghrelin. And once I do that, my patients tell me they're not hungry anymore. And then you eat less food, because you're restricting, okay? - [Alex] Thank you, Dr. Choi. - Not at all. Thank you for allowing me to do all this with me, okay? - Of course. - You're helping him out too. - [Victor] Prior to the operation, Alex will have to fast for three days. That, however, is nothing compared to the cost of the operation, $11,000, none of which is covered by health insurance. The couple has decided to take out a loan, and to make monthly payments. Alex feels he has no other alternative. In the past three years, he has gained over 100 pounds. - These are some of my family pictures here. At our wedding, when we were married. As you can see, I was a lot skinnier, and she was heavier. When she had the surgery, she lost the weight, I gained the weight. I let myself go, being lazy, eating wrong, eating at the wrong times. The work schedule in the United States is very hectic, and you come home, and you eat, and you're so tired and so exhausted that you lay down and usually pass out and go to sleep. - [Victor] It's been 10 days now since Alex has had anything solid to eat. A very difficult stage for him, but necessary to prepare his body for the operation. - I used to come home and eat this, macaroni and cheese. And now, for the operation, I come home and get a glass of water, and take out one of these, melt it in the water, stir it. It just has the flavor of beef so it feels like you're actually eating something, but you're not, it's just liquid. - [Victor] It's his last night with his entire stomach before surgery will forever alter his life. Obesity affects everyone in America. This includes teenagers, roughly 14 million of them nationwide. Phoenix, Arizona, population, 1.6 million. Here, one in three adults is obese. In the middle of the Arizona desert, between cacti and mountains, a new type of boot camp sprang up in Scottsdale last year, a 4-star academy that looks like a mansion. It's strictly for teenage girls, ages 13 to 18. Their stay here is set a 4-month minimum. and it will leave them $31,000 out of pocket. - We walk about 1.5, and then walk back. Every morning, seven days a week. We did the math, and it's 21 miles a week. So, (laughs) it's a nice time to wake up and see the sunrise. It's definitely made me feel more productive, for sure. (food crunching) - [Victor] The girls here follow a strict regime. Breakfast is at nine o'clock, and it's monitored. - Thank you. (cutlery clinking) - [Girl] I have finals. - We write down our food, and the calories, protein, carbs and fat for everything that we eat. And we write it after we eat it, to keep track of it. We do it for every meal, and then we just add it all up and write the totals for every meal. - [Victor] Lindsey, the staff nutritionist, calculates the calories in each meal. - This is kind of a peanut butter substitute. It has a little less calories. - [Victor] The school has created a scale of how full a person feels after a meal, with the aim of curbing appetite. - I'm at a five. So, I'll probably have another piece of fruit and be at a six, yup. We usually shoot for a six at meals. It pretty much means we're pretty good to go, but still slightly hungry. So, I wanna shoot for a six so I'll probably have another orange. - [Victor] They're learning to live with feeling hungry. Kaelee is 18, she's from Texas. She entered the academy weighing 240 pounds. She has now lost almost 45 pounds. (girl laughing) - She's like the gram, she's like, "Oh, heck, yeah." - [Victor] Kaelee owes the weight loss to Lindsey. She teaches the students healthy eating habits. Today, Lindsey's nutrition class is highlighting the dangers of eating salt-rich food. High sodium content can lead to problems with blood pressure and water retention. - Right now that has fiber in it. All right guys, so we're gonna talk a little bit about sodium today. How much sodium do you think is the recommendation? - 1,000. - [Girl] 1,000. - So, generally for all Americans, we're saying about 2,300 milligrams. Take a look at the things you usually eat at home, out, at fast foods, restaurants. And we're gonna bring up the nutrition content that we've looked at before, and take a look at the sodium in some of our favorites. - Well, I had a Chick-fil-A, and my favorite one was the highest one (laughs). - [Lindsay] Okay. - It's always higher than you think it's gonna be with things. Like the calories, is 450. The carbs are a little too high compared to what I would usually eat here. And so are the fats. And the sodium's also pretty high. - My favorite meal is the chicken teryaki bowl, and I checked the sodium and it was so high. - I think a lot of it's just not knowing what's in the food and calorie intake and stuff. And just not being aware of what you're eating. So, I think awareness is a huge part of what we're doing. - So, why do you think we like sodium so much? - [Kaelee] It enhances flavors. - [Victor] Besides their nutrition classes, Kaelee and her friends keep up with their regular classes online five hours per day. - Did you finish, both of them? - [Kaelee] I finished everything and went back. - [Teacher] Was there anything yesterday? - I checked. - And where's your Spanish? - [Kaelee] And yeah, that as well. - You've got that here? - [Kaelee] Hm-hmm, I was gonna read through it and take some notes. - Yeah, definitely do that, okay. - [Victor] 3:30 p.m, once the school day is over, it's time for cooking lessons. Twice a week, the girls learn how to prepare a balanced meal that they will easily be able to recreate back home. - Oh, I burnt my finger a little bit (laughs). - [Victor] Today's menu includes a cauliflower-based hummus. But the classes are varied, with the aim of introducing the girls to new ingredients. (food rumbling) - My mom doesn't really cook at home. Or very, very once in a while, and usually it's pasta 'cause it's quick. But this, it's fun, cooking. I never really thought about cooking until I came here, but now I do it every other day. A lot of fast food. And I would sometimes come home feeling very sick, and I don't like that feeling. - Abby, give it a smell. - Can I have the salt, please? - I'm gonna just put it in for a little bit longer so it gets a little softer. (oven door thumping) - [Victor] But it doesn't stop there. To spur weight loss, the girls have one hour of mandatory physical training every day. - Remember a few jack ups for today? And where should you feel our squat? - [Girl] In your butt. - Booty, yes. - [Victor] This afternoon, a full hour high-energy workout set to music. - You guys have definitely improved. What you refer to a as a "fat camp" or a "weight-loss camp", we're completely different. We aren't just here to exercise, exercise, eat vegetables, exercise. The girls are doing so much more than just this. This is just one component. We try to do all sorts of fitness, HIIT training, Zumba, sports. So, what we'll do is we're gonna hold it upside down and put it on the sternum. Good, inhale, and then exhale on the way up. - It's a lot easier than when I first got here. I've noticed a lot of muscle. - [Victor] The goal is to give them the physical tools needed in order to lose weight, stay in good health, and appreciate their bodies. - Those look good, last time you were... - I don't know, I'm really enjoying myself right now. I love working out. - [Woman] Why? - It makes me feel good. Yeah, I feel accomplished. - [Woman] That's what I really want. - [Victor] This evening, the school has a special surprise for the teens. For the first time in many weeks, they're getting a night out on the town. It's a much-needed break for these youngsters searching for their identity. - [Girl] Carlene, pull it together. (girls laughing) - I wanna become a singer. And so, I'm gonna study music at college. I chose to come to help to boost my confidence of performing arts because I love music so much. I definitely think it's gonna be a new level of confidence onstage, not having to worry about certain things. (Kaelee singing) - [Victor] In their quest to lose weight, these girls have left family and friends behind, taking time out of their lives in order to slim down and no longer be defined solely by their weights. (Kaelee laughing) (plastic rustling) We return to Alex, whose big day has finally arrived. He is going to have two thirds of his stomach removed. - My son left this morning all worried, so I told him to relax, everything will be fine. - [Victor] With surgery looming, Alex is feeling anxious. But more than that, he is exhausted from three days of fasting. - It's the first big operation that I've ever had. - [Victor] At the hospital, several members of his family, and George, his best friend, are there to support him. - You ready? Gotta get this over with. Gotta get rid of this. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. - It's very important for me to be there. I wanna make sure that when he wakes up, I can pick at him a little and eat something juicy in front of him. Nah, I wouldn't do that to him. - [Alex] Do I get filet mignon tonight, no, lobster tail? - No! - Dang (laughs). Let's go. - [Nurse] You'll get to see him in a little bit. - [Alex] Bye! - [Victor] Dr. Choi will be performing five similar operations today, all on obese patients. Alex is first on the list. - I'm just gonna ask a couple of questions, okay? Any medical problems I need to know about? - Nope. - Okay, surgeries before? You're the first. - Questions? - Is it gonna hurt afterwards? - You might feel some pain after, but I'm gonna make sure I take care of you with all the pain meds. But tranquilo, all right, relax. Everything's gonna to be fine, okay? I'm gonna take of you, all right? - [Victor] Alex is struggling to stay calm, but luckily, Jasmine is on hand. - [Jasmine] You excited? - My goal. - Yeah. Can I send pictures to your mom (laughs)? I catch a smile. - [Victor] The operation will be performed under general anesthesia. It's now one hour before the operation, and the sedatives are making him feel drowsy. - I'm getting dizzy. - [Nurse] It's the medicine, it's working. (tense music) - [Victor] When Alex wakes up an hour from now, he will have lost a large part of his stomach. - [Doctor] We have to give you oxygen for about five minutes before you go to sleep, so just try to breath in. - [Dr. Choi] All operations have their problems and complications, but that was explained to him prior to surgery. - [Victor] Hemorrhaging, leaking stomach liquids, and bowel obstruction can occur after this type of surgery. But these are the risks patients are willing to take in order to lose weight. - [Dr. Choi] He should lose an average of 10 to 15 pounds a month with a possible of weight loss of 80 to 90 pounds in one year. - His life's gonna change completely. He's gonna feel like a completely different person. - It's official, he started brand new, and I can't wait to see the transformation. So, little anxious. (dramatic music) (machine beeping) - [Victor] Dr. Choi begins his work on Alex's stomach. First, he makes an incision to insert a camera. The procedure is done by watching the screen. The surgeon uses two surgical tools to section Alex's stomach. Here, we see him working these clamps and scissors inside Alex's abdomen. After an hour and a half, the operation is over. - Okay, how are you? - Hey, good good, how did everything go? - (speaks in foreign language) everything went well, I tested it. He had a really big stomach. - Thank you for taking care of my son. - Yeah, no problem, I don't know if he could eat. But I know he can eat wrong. - No, no, he could eat. He would put down three plates of food. - Yes, he can put down food, for sure, absolutely. Hopefully, he won't be able to put food now. - No, no, he won't be able to. Thank you, again, very much. - [Dr. Choi] George, great seeing you again, thank you, Jasmine, okay. - [Victor] Two days later, we find Alex up and on his feet. He is just starting to walk again. He is having far more pain than anticipated. - (groans) Yeah, I'm gonna try. - [Jasmine] No? (Alex spitting) - Huh-uh, no, that's too sweet. Your taste buds change completely. What was not sweet before is now very, very sweet. I knew it was gonna hurt, but I didn't know it was gonna hurt this bad. - [Victor] The pain prevents him from moving freely. He can't lie down in bed, and the slightest movement hurts his stomach. (Alex groaning) - It's gonna be like for the first couple of days, and then it's gonna get better. - [Victor] His son, Donovan, has come to visit him for the first time since the operation. - How are you feeling? - Better. - Than yesterday? - Yeah, tired. You wanna see it? (woman laughing) So, now, my stomach is just here. So, the stomach that was all here, he took it out through here. If I would have kept on the way I was, I would be dead in 10 years. I'll be around to see you graduate from college, and (laughs) grow up to be a good man. and to live for him. - [Victor] Gastrectomy is becoming more and more common in the U.S. 135,000 people underwent the procedure in 2017, a huge increase on five years ago, when only 29,000 gastrectomies were performed. (siren ringing) While some Americans may be turning to surgery another movement has come to prominence, a movement that rejects painful surgeries, fad diets and teen boot camps. It's the body positivity revolution, encouraging people to take pride in their bodies, no matter their size. - Hi, how are you? Hello, lovelies! - Hi! - Happy International Women's Day! (crowd cheering) - [Victor] The attendees of this New York party are celebrating women, especially those who love and accept their bodies as they are. It's the opening night of the International Women's Travel Festival. Among the globetrotting attendees, Annette Richmond's team is making a huge sensation. These American women have come here to prove that there is no shame or problem with being overweight. Quite the opposite. Annette has made body positivity her mission, and even her job. - I feel like it's important to have representation of fat people traveling to inspire other people that are fat to travel. It's not easy though, there are gonna be different things that fat people have to face and have to deal with and have to consider, that maybe straight-sized people don't. But my whole goal is to show that it's worth it. - [Victor] Annette is fighting for recognition for obese people. Several airline companies in the country now require obese people to pay for two seats. She aims to combat this injustice. - Get in. - I'm in. - [Annette] Good? - [Victor] Annette Richmond is what people call an "influencer". Originally from California, she travels to provide content for her social media accounts. Her blog has a very specific following, fans of the body positivity movement. - I have almost 20,000 followers on Instagram (laughs). - [Woman] That's a lot. - There's not as a big of a body positive community everywhere as there is in New York, - [Victor] Last summer, she created a body positive "Fat Camp", a vacation spot for fat people. Campers got to show off their bodies without worrying about being judged. It was quite the success, so much so that she and her team are already planning the next one. - Hello, my lovely, welcome to the meetup. - [Victor] All of them have been stared at due to their weight. All of them have become activists, campaigning to change public opinion. - Welcome to the meetup. - I am fat, and I remember people still didn't get it. - [Woman] They're like, "You're not fat, your beautiful." - [Woman] You're beautiful, it's like, I'm both of those things, I'm fat and beautiful. - You're fat, and you're smart, and you're tall and you have curly hair. I am tired of people being ashamed to live in a bigger body, it's ridiculous. - I would have been willing to die to be thin. 100%, I would have welcomed cancer if it meant I was gonna lose weight. - I remember in high school, kids would get Mono, and would drop like 15 pounds. I'm like, "Man, I really want Mono." I was like, "15 pounds, in like two weeks? "That sounds like a dream." - I think I would be thinner than I am now if I had not yo yo dieted since the age of eight, because I fucked up my metabolism doing that. So, I think that I probably would have always been bigger, but I think I would have been smaller than I am now, simply because I wouldn't have yo yo'd for most of my life. - [Victor] But their message and attitude don't appeal to everyone. Many doctors are against this movement. Their worry? That it will lead young people to dismiss the dangers of obesity. - Oh my God, do you know how many times I've been told I'm promoting obesity? Any time I drop a swimsuit photo. - And at the end of the day, I'm not promoting obesity, I'm promoting just being comfortable in your own skin, at every or shape you are. - Let's go take a picture, guys. - [Woman] One, two, go. (camera snapping) - [Victor] Today is an important day for "Fat Girls Traveling". They are gonna talk about how hard it is for them to travel like others do. - Hello, lovelies. - Hey, girl. - [Victor] Launched six years ago, this festival aims to connect influential women in the travel world. This year is the first year that overweight people have been invited to discuss the issues they faced, just like the one they're experiencing today. The stage was designed for five slim people. There is simply not enough room on stage for the five members of Annette's team. - [Woman] We are the future, would you say? - There's five plus sized women. How are we supposed to fit up there on that stage? And I know that they're not doing it maliciously. It's just they didn't think about people living in bigger bodies need more space, and that the exact reason why we're here. We are plus sized women and we need a little more space. So, thank you, Kelly. - We're all going on stage, you guys ready? You excited? - [Victor] Annette and her team have 45 minutes to enlighten the audience and to promote body positivity. - Traveling while fat, it can be a little scary. Having to ask for an extender, having to ask for more space on an airplane or a bus, that makes people fearful. And so, my goal with creating "Fat Girls Traveling" was to kind of shake things up a little bit, but also to help take the stigma away from it. Because fat does not mean ugly, fat does not mean lazy, fat does not mean unlovable, fat does not mean anything but I have more fat on my body than you. Thank you. Amazing, you did such a good job. Thank you, you did so amazing. - Thank you, so did you. - [Victor] In America, the body positivity movement is fighting back. Tonight, at Bounce, a Los Angeles nightclub, you have to be overweight to dance. And large, figure-hiding clothes are not allowed. Tonight, it's singles night. Men, who aren't necessarily obese, come to meet women who are overweight. The MC is Lisa Marie Garbo, an icon in the nightclub scene. She's a specialist in plus-size club nights. ♪ Day and night ♪ ♪ I toss and turn, I keep stressing my mind, mind ♪ ♪ I look for peace but see I don't attain ♪ - It's really awesome to see people, who maybe used to dress more conservatively, now they know that when they come to club Bounce that they can dress sexy. - [Victor] And body positivity brings in the money. Every party at the club generates about $4,500 in ticket sales alone. These women, and some 35 million overweight Americans, are now daring to wear tight-fitting, sexy outfits. And walls are being broken down in the fashion industry, which has for so long upheld slimness as the ideal. Last year, Tess Holliday, an obese model, was featured on the cover of Cosmopolitan, a first in the history of fashion magazines. - [Karizza] Perfect, fantastic. - [Victor] And in New York, one photographer has decided to go even further to smash industry norms. - [Karizza] Fantastic, say, fantastic, fantastic. - [Victor] In her photo studio, Karizza puts the spotlight on overweight women. She is doing a photo shoot today for an exhibition. The theme? Women with curves. - Oh my God, mistake. Chin up a bit, you are my hero. I love it, I love it. You know the plus size community is growing. Fashion, projects, it's not anymore something small. Now is the era of big things and big projects. - [Victor] Models from all over the world to Karizza's studio. - Hi, I'm Sophie, nice to meet you. - I'm Adrian, - [Victor] Sophie Turner's 670,000-and-counting followers make her very popular in the U.S. For three years now, she too has been a "size-plus" model. - Where I'm from in Scotland it's not a thing, so people sort of laugh about it. - There's not really a modeling market there all together. And I tried going to London, but I found more success in New York. And I just felt this is the place to be for it. - It's always the girl. We need to rock internet, we need to rock fashion, we need to rock modeling world. We need to shake it a bit. It's become boring, you know? I need you do like this, one, two, three (gasps). You know what, you're like a French queen, Marie Antoinette? - [Victor] Thanks to people like Karizza, the way that overweight women are perceived is changing in America. You can even become a beauty queen when you're obese. - [Karizza] Perfect. - [Victor] We met one such pageant queen in the small town of Escondido, California. At age 34, Jennifer Guttiere won the Miss Escondido contest for plus-size women. Height, five feet, five inches. Weight, 280 pounds. Title, Miss Escondido Plus 2019. And today, at her home, it's the day of the big game. Like 98 million other Americans, Jennifer and her family are watching the Super Bowl. - Oh! - Here it comes! (toy thumping) - Oh my gosh, in America, Super Bowl is one of the biggest events ever. - [Man] It's like the World Cup in Europe! - It's like the World Cup in Europe! I don't know what that means, but sure. And it means food, family, friends and everybody goes crazy. And usually everybody is drinking and going nuts, but we have kids so-- (men screaming) (child crying) - [Man] It's all right, it's all right. - If you're having a Super Bowl party, you have to have chicken wings, huge American thing. Chips, I had to move the chips up here, because my children will live on chips if I let them. Deviled eggs, every event, you have to have deviled eggs. - [Victor] Calories aren't an issue for Jennifer, they actually improve her image. It's thanks to being overweight that she was crowned Miss Plus. - I'm so proud of you, baby. - Thanks, daddy (laughs). - [Victor] But now, Jennifer's dream is to become Miss Plus America. It's the biggest beauty pageant in the country for overweight women. - No, no, no! - [Victor] First, however, she must win the California title. An intensive training program in Los Angeles prepares the candidates for the contest. At last, Jennifer will meet her competitors. - Hi, Mrs. Escondido, I'm the current reigning Miss California Plus America. - Hello! - [Woman] Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. This is the first time I've met everybody. I've got first-day-at-school-jitters (laughs). Okay, I'm in my white shirt. - [Victor] The day begins with several photo shoots. - [Photographer] Good, hold that, hold that. - [Victor] It is the best way for the candidates to size each other up. - [Woman] Ready, one, two and three. Awesome, gorgeous! - Look at that crown, I love it! - [Woman] I'll put it in the group. - I'm already a winner in my book, because I've met so many people who are like, "(gasps) There a plus sized Mrs. Escondido?" And I'm like, "Yeah, I'm like the regular Mrs. Escondido, "but I can have donuts. "It's like the best world ever!" - Sue the guys. - [Man] God (laughs). - Nobody wants to see you like this on stage. Do you see? It's jiggling, it's jiggling, 'cause you're bouncing. - [Victor] Being overweight doesn't mean letting yourself go, though. The candidates have to stay sexy at all cost. It gives that nice, smooth-- - Clean look. - So when I'm walking, guess what? There's no bouncing. Where you can feel like you're like (gasps), and when you take it off, you're like, "Oh my gosh, I can finally breathe." It needs to be uncomfortable. I'm telling you ladies, this will make the difference of whether you look good in the dress, or you don't look good in the dress. - [Victor] Last item on the day's agenda, choreography. The women will be rehearsing this dance for several weeks. - Y'all just clapping, take it to the far. ♪ Somebody in the house say "Amen", amen ♪ ♪ Now, give me what I want, take it back up ♪ ♪ Let yourself go ♪ ♪ We got the rock, we got the roll ♪ ♪ Let world see that your body got flow ♪ - I am scared for the dancing part (laughs). I have two left feet, so that's the only thing that I'm really scared about is the dancing. We'll see, fingers crossed! - [Victor] It's eight a.m. in Anaheim, a city near Los Angeles. The new Miss California Plus will be crowned today. Jennifer barely managed to sleep. She is already getting ready to nab the title, a long-cherished dream for her. - I want to go to Nationals. I would really like to win supreme today, that would be amazing. I don't know if I'm going to. - [Victor] Frank, her husband, is with her to provide support. - Yup, we'll get everyone set up, you got it. - [Victor] The candidates have spent several thousand dollars on garments and accessories to improve their chances of making their childhood dream come true. - Yes, yes, get it done, look at this scarf. - [Jennifer] Oh, thank you. - Oh, the makeup. - I'm not touching my head. - [Victor] The pageant's director, Cher Rue, enters to wish everyone good luck. (Cher and Jennifer kissing) With only a few minutes until showtime, the tension rises. - It's one little thing could just mess up the whole thing. ♪ I know every step, I know every song ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Don't make my wait one more moment for my life to start ♪ ♪ Baltimore and me ♪ Here's my honest thoughts on being loved by a skinny boy. Okay, I'm gonna get dressed. The winner of the Mrs. California Plus America title for 2019 is Jenifer Guttiere. - Thank you, thank you. Oh! (crowd awing) - [Victor] The next stage for Jennifer is the national contest in July. This accomplishment would never have been possible without the body positivity movement. Body acceptance offers a glimmer of hope for millions of Americans. In a nation where 40% of people are overweight, one solution is to love yourself just as you are.

  Top Comments:
  1. @louiscifer5438 [1 likes]: McDonald's has the only clown who sends children to the hospital...
  2. @willsmith475 [1 likes]: For kids and young adults. Remove all smartphones and computer games, toss them outside and tell them not to come home until the street lights come on. Old school stuff. 
.
  3. @willsmith475 [1 likes]: I’m watching this while eating fried chicken with mashed potatoes with gravy. 😂
  4. @willsmith475 [1 likes]: Just making excuses for their health
  5. @President-Eagle-USA: Ironically she's overweight but feeds her kid kale smoothies. These people have all excuses, just walk everyday eat high protein, low carb. It's not rocket science.
  6. @JordyLicht: 11:41 He looks a bit like a young, very fat king Willem Alexander of the Netherlands.
  7. @Sonsofdisobedience-h8e3n: On this. Earth there's all sorts of things ...
  8. @northernblot4607: It’s not really any of the resturants faults it’s more directed on the people because they don’t have to go there but they choose too
  9. @marksbestsoundeffectsforyo6647: You don't need a weight loss surgery to lose weight. You can lose weight if you really want to. The question is: how badly do you really want it?
  10. @fanofmany71: Natural selection. Only the fittest (just even average) should survive and procreate. Hope they can get better. But it keeps many companies and thier owners rich rich rich.
  11. @Dlh66uuu: Our bodies survive by eating small amounts of food; disrupting this balance and overeating eventually leads to a constant craving for food. Don't fill your stomach completely, don't eat for pleasure unless you're hungry, eat low-fat foods, and cook at home instead of processed foods. Walking and calorie counting will lead you to results. Choose a fit, perfect appearance instead of the negative, mocking glances of others. Willpower brings results.
  12. @pr23487: As an alcoholic I understand their struggles
  13. @diloo1861: JUST ANOTHER WAY TO KILL PEOPLE...SUGAR, STATE ENEMY NR. ONE!!! QUESTION YOUR SATANIC GOVERNMENT AND WAKE UP OR LET THEM KILL YOU. WE KNOW WHAT IS INSIDE...IT IS POISON
  14. @sebastianliwinski222: You bring your own habits from your own household, including cooking and eating habits.
People used to hunt for food,these days, it's so convenient to order a double quarter pounder which only takes around 4 minutes to prepare.
Japanese are lean, they follow their own traditional cuisine.
  15. @willsmith475: In the 30’s through the 70’s you rarely saw fat people. Today, it’s all around us and encouraged to get bigger. Bigger is not better.
  16. @willsmith475: I walk up to 3 miles a day for physical, spiritual and mental heath. Yes I’m over weight but that’s by my own doing. No one has forced that burger and fries down my throat and all that. My body is not by Jake. It’s by me.
  17. @willsmith475: For Alex, you lack discipline and will power so you are taking the easy way out.
  18. @willsmith475: The heart attack burger place. Nothing but worthless garbage and pure gluttony
  19. @willsmith475: He’s a victim of fast food. No your just lazy and prefer making excuses for your weight instead of owning up to your decisions you make.
  20. @khumbulanimavuma4173: We have almost all the restaurants they have in SA but we're not that obese

- Katie Couric's Notebook: Obesity In America (CBS News): Kind: captions Language: en being overweight used to be socially unacceptable but now it's ballooned into something dangerous physically and fiscally according to experts almost 2third of American adults are seriously overweight or obese that's a 150% increase in just the last 30 years obesity among children doubled over the past two decades not only does more obesity lead to more disease like diabetes heart attacks and cancer but it also leads to 120,000 more deaths in this country every year but this is a crisis that's hitting our wallets as well America spends about $100 billion dollar a year on healthare needs related to obesity and taxpayers of all sizes foot the bill which is why obesity and how it affects us our children and our country needs to be front and center of any serious discussion about Healthcare in America that's a page from my notebook I'm Katie kurick CBS News

  Top Comments:
  1. @libed91 [1 likes]: @mxrgn54 hahaha. In my country muslims don't have a mosque :D, people don't let them build it.
And Europe is a large place and you have probably been in only a few countries so you can't tell for sure, but i have been travelling around Europe for quite a lot of years now.
  2. @libed91 [1 likes]: huge part of europe population is christian
and people here(in Europe) are not obese
  3. @bedwardsize: Being overweight used to be socially unacceptable....lmao that sure isn't the case now. It's sad people are so fat.
  4. @m1grand70: @libed91 well, religion might play a role in what you eat but here in america mcdonalds is ruining us. I try to stay away from process foods as much i can but here in america we really need to do something about this.
  5. @JaredMMcKnight: your ignorant
  6. @carminaburanafan: i wish she didn't cut her hair
  7. @partootie: HAHA, fatass americans.
  8. @Crisis7: Don't spend money on the obesity, stop feeding the fatties.
  9. @muiscnight: key word "should" hahah but that would be just 2 easy
  10. @bbburton: What a bunch of crap. Couric tells us there is a crisis called obesity, that health care is in crisis because of obesity, that we as tax payers will have to bear the cost. I'm sick of this crap. Leave people alone. Everything is a crisis with Couric and news hacks like her. Don't believe a word of what she says.
  11. @MisNebel: well youtube wouldnt let me post my comment h ere because it was more than 500 words but if u privately msg me here in youtube ill mail you my full rant. ;D
  12. @Phrost72: Dude, 'Somthing wrong with their genes?' yea, maybe like 5% of those ppl. The rest are bombarded with media depicting everybody and their dog enjoying a big mac, or ice cream, or french fires, McCain fukin cake, w/e the case may be...ITS ALL GARBAGE. Continued....
  13. @jb55236: Lots of fatties in the country. How do people get so fat? I never been more than 175 lbs and I eat whatever I want.
  14. @coMpLekS1: Lol agreed.
  15. @maxcado: hahahahaha
  16. @BrenttheGreat: People with over 25% body fat should be charged double for food.

- Children seen as the key to turning the US obesity clock back: Kind: captions Language: en 35% of adult Americans are currently termed obese and medical experts have forecast this figure will rise to a staggering 50% by the year 2030 since becoming First Lady Michelle Obama has made fighting the fat one of her causes on Tuesday she hosted a kids dinner at the White House promoting healthy eating among children in which her husband made an unscheduled appearance hello everybody keep it up you guys are going to set a good example for everybody all across the country because you're eating healthy and you're out there active and you're playing sports and you're out in the playground and doing all those things medical costs for treating obesity related diseases are expected to rise by 48 billion doll to 66 billion per year if the obesity rate continues at the current Pace nutritionists say the way forward is to educate children to stop them adopting the bad eating habits of their parents the risks of childhood obesity that if we do not address them as a nation are an increased risk for The Chronic conditions including diabetes including hypertension and heart disease I these are the big ones in our country I do believe that these chronic conditions starting earlier in life set a person up for not only long-term use of medications in need to manage them medically but a shortened lifespan pushing an active lifestyle and healthy eating appears to be the way forward it's certainly the Mantra being chanted by policy makers in Washington our correspondent there says experts are ringing the alarm Bell among Americans children obesity rates have tripled in a single generation this may lead to an explosion of already high health care costs putting America's very future in Jeopardy Stefan groer euron news Washington

  Top Comments:
  1. @CursedPurse: 0:22 lol obama middle finger
  2. @beammeupscottie7: lol...
  3. @beammeupscottie7: has any adult gone to their children's schools and seen the "garbage" served ?  cheap food from china........and no one knows what's in it

- Childhood obesity: Not just happening in the U.S.: Kind: captions Language: en IN YOUR HEALTH - CHILDHOOD OBESITY -- ITS A GROWING PROBLEM..AND NOT JUST HERE IN THE U.S.NEWS 8 MEDICAL REPORTER JOCELYN MAMINTA WITH WHAT'S BEING DONE GLOBALLY. TODAY IS WORLD OBESITY DAY AND THE NUMBERS RELEASED BY THE WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION HAVE EXPERTS FOCUSED ON THE ALARMING GLOBAL PUBLIC HEALTH ISSUE. WHETHER IT'S JUNK FOOD? A SEDENTARY LIFESTYLE? OR MYRIAD OTHER FACTORS? THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT THE WORLD OUR KIDS ARE GROWING UP IN TODAY THAT IS MAKING THEM FAT. LENDING WEIGHT TO THIS FACT? A NEW STUDY THIS WEEK, REVEALING THAT CHILDHOOD OBESITY HAS BEEN ON THE RISE WORLDWIDE.AN INTERNATIONAL TEAM OF RESEARCHERS, WRITING IN THE JOURNAL LANCET? LOOKING AT HEIGHT AND WEIGHT DATA FOR MORE THAN 31 MILLION CHILDREN? LIVING IN 200 DIFFERENT COUNTRIES? WHAT THEY FOUND: A TEN-FOLD INCREASE IN OBESITY SINCE 1975.THE PAST FOUR DECADES... SEEING THE NUMBER OF OBESE GIRLS INCREASING FROM 5 MILLION TO 50 MILLION? THE NUMBER OF OBESE BOYS SURGING FROM 6 MILLION TO 74 MILLION WORLDWIDE.THE U-S AMONG THE COUNTRIES WITH MORE THAN ONE IN FIVE KIDS OBESE.SO HOW DO WE STOP THIS UNHEALTHY TREND? SMALL STEPS? LIKE LIMITING CHILDREN'S INTAKE OF HIGH- CALORIE, NON-NUTRITIOUS FOODS. ENCOURAGE EXERCISE. AND DON'T BE AFRAID TO ASK ABOUT NUTRITION AND WEIGHT GAIN DURING VISITS TO THE PEDIATRICIAN.(JOCELYN/TAG) THE W-H-O SAYS CHILDREN WHO ARE OBESE ARE LIKELY TO DEVELOP TYPE TWO DIABETES AND CARDIOVASCUALR DISEASES AT A YOUNGER AGE. JOCELYN MAMINTA,

  Top Comments:
  1. @marykali3603 [1 likes]: Pop, junk food, pizza, white bread
  2. @LordJESUSMostHighGodsChild: Monsanto poison mmmmm chemicals- GMOoooos processed frankenfood cancerous tumor .

- US child, teen obesity rates reach record high while adult trends appear to slow, CDC report finds: Kind: captions Language: en L LICENSE. HER WORK FOCUSES ON HOLISTIC MEDICINE. A NEW REPORT PUBLISHED TODAY BY THE CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION SHOWS CHILDHOOD AND TEEN OBESITY RATES HAVE REACHED RECORD HIGHS IN THE U.S. NEARLY 23% OF CHILDREN AGES 12 TO 19 WERE CONSIDERED OBESE IN THE MOST RECENT SURVEY. THIS MEANS THEY MEET THE GUIDELINES FOR INTENSIVE TREATMENT. THIS INCLUDES LIFESTYLE ADJUSTMENTS, MEDICATION OR EVEN SURGERY. MEANWHILE, A CDC REPORT SHOWS ADULT OBESITY RATES MAY BE SLOWING. HEALTH EXPERTS SAY THE DECREASE CAN BE ATTRIBUTED TO SEVERAL FACTORS, INCLUDING PUBLIC HEALTH POLICIES, EDUCATION AND POPULAR GLP ONE MEDICATIONS LIKE OZEMPIC AND WEGOVY, AND WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED IF KIDS START TO TAK

- Obesity: America In Danger (Full Documentary) | Only Human: Kind: captions Language: en foreign this is Jackson a small town in the southwestern United States at hiding behind the walls of this little house is an unexpected illness an illness now widespread in America yeah we'll get dinner I'll get dinner afterwards and everything that'll be good this man suffers from a disease that affects 93 million people in the nation obesity at just 34 years old Casey King now weighs 485 pounds according to him he is a victim of fast food we're good some of them I live in Jackson it's a very small City there are there's a McDonald's there's a Burger King there's a Taco Bell there's a KFC there's a there's a Pizza Hut there's a Subway there's a Little Caesars there's a Dom I think there's a Domino's there's um a fried chicken place that's like a little amazing but it's really good but it's like a little family thing there's um there's a million different fast food restaurants I can't really tell you any place that is a healthy restaurant though [Music] years of bad eating habits have pushed his body to the Limit you can't have that no there you go go there you go there you go Bud okay no no but even taking a shower is a difficult task for Casey there's like a lot of skin there's like a lot of skin hanging there's like flabs and stuff I I jokingly tell people that I'm like a big like melted ice cream or whatever because it's just like stuff literally it's almost like it's dripping off of me staggering the average woman weighs 170 pounds and is five feet two inches tall while the average man is five feet seven inches tall and weighs 200 pounds 36 percent of the nation is obese including even the president himself only a few months ago Donald Trump's physician officially categorized him as obese clearly a result of his love for fast food in January 2019 in honor of an American football team Trump ordered a thousand hamburgers to be served at a White House reception we have Big Macs we have Quarter Pounder switches we have everything that I like that you like and I know no matter what we did there's nothing you could have that's better than that right never in all its history has the country been so overweight we go to Las Vegas to follow Ricky a waitress in a fast food restaurant specializing in the world's most calorie-laden Burger Casey King tells us what it's like to be morbidly obese we're following Family Man Alex in his quest to lose weight through surgery we visit an Arizona boarding school specializing in helping students lose weight and finally we're exploring the new body positivity movement that has recently sprung up in the U.S in New York kariza a photographer and Annette a blogger show us a new perspective on obesity [Applause] and finally we're off to Los Angeles for a beauty pageant exclusively for overweight women these women own their obesity and don't shy away from showing it off but at what cost welcome to Las Vegas every year 42 million tourists swarm the famous strip eager for a taste of Sin City casinos hotels nightclubs and of course fast food Outlets there are some 40 in the downtown area alone the capital of entertainment and junk food a few minutes drive away is the area housing the majority of Las Vegas workers Ricky Ogawa is a waitress in one of the city's largest fast food restaurants this 30 year old American lives with her husband and their two-year-old son despite Ricky's job you won't find a single burger in her house in fact it's quite the opposite made with beans no flour no corn no processed sugar it's just straight healthy this is just a kale Shake we put flaxseed in it and then freeze just to try to make sure to get some of his grain foods in the day it's always just easier to get them to drink their veggies instead of eating the browners serving up sodas and burgers every day has driven Ricky to ban them from her own home for a good reason too the restaurant where she works really puts the junk in junk food lots of fruit in it she spends an hour every morning getting ready her waitress uniform a gimmicky nurses costume I am getting ready to turn on Nurse Ricky and definitely play a role when I'm there and uh it's fun it's more of being a Burger Geisha it's not just you know here's your food have a good time and try to make it more of an experience instead of just a burger joint mascara glitter lipstick and a tight-fitting dress is all it takes to turn Ricky into a nurse at the junk food Hospital thank you but it's not medicine that the doctor has ordered no here at the Heart Attack Grill patients are prescribed burgers fries sodas and more it's the only place like it in the world it is to folks who like their food deep fried and supersized before being seated diners are weighed on a gigantic scale the fatter you are the better if you weigh over 350 pounds your hamburgers and Fries are on the house weighing in at 400 pounds this customer is getting a free all he can eat meal the servings are humongous for regulars here though eating a quadruple Burger is easy breezy it's really good Ricky even goes as far as selling only beverages high in sugar and calories and there's not a healthy vegetable in sight s we don't really want you to drink a drink you can take anything off the burger you don't like but we only have bacon that you can add to it so we have absolutely nothing green no lettuce no pickles no avocado just too healthy just a little chili cheese fry to share your double and single it's actually bigger than I thought I'll be able to finish it enormous Burgers heaps of fat and sugar this concept was crafted by an American who dubbed himself Dr John and I will tell you everything you need to know but first let's get you prepped for surgery a member of our medical staff will now dress you for surgery no one has ever been admitted to the Heart Attack Grill without a hospital everything here is designed to harm your health smoking is encouraged cocktails are served in pill containers and wine is on tap in an IV injection theme the fast food joint claims it has been curing anorexia since 2005. yeah sticky booty out out perfect if you don't finish your plate you drag to the front of the joint for a good old-fashioned spanking while everyone watches I go to the left side I go to the left side number two thank you baby simply put at this fast food restaurant obesity is King it's a gimmick that works this fast food restaurant serves over 650 customers a day and rakes in 5 million dollars per year I told you it's a spanking not a loved him you better finish your Burgers from the food to the spankings it's all one Big Show with a Heart Attack Grill star attraction is the world's most calorie-laden Burger the octuple burger a gigantic towering pile of eight hamburger patties that takes 25 minutes to prepare the entire thing weighs 6.5 pounds this meat monster contains 20 000 calories the equivalent of one week of food six and a half pounds it is massive here's that big burger I promise but you only get a chance to do something like this once yeah how do you eat that like many this man won't manage to finish his octuple burger and so he'll get a spanking for not cleaning up his plate American fast food is now also unhealthy entertainment as a result there are 116 million overweight people in the U.S many of them putting their health in danger Atlanta Georgia the birthplace of the world's leading soft drink brand Georgia has well over 5 000 fast food outlets and the state's obesity rate is nearly 32 percent escaping junk food is a huge challenge for those in the nearby town of Jackson the area offers very little in the way of leisure activities your only options are fishing in a nearby lake or taking advantage of one of the many fast food restaurants we return to Casey King he has lived here his whole life with his father I've got this picture here he was uh two or maybe all three such a cute one thanks appreciate it he weighed 12-6 when he was born he's never been really small he's just been real healthy healthy Casey started gaining lots of weight after a serious ankle injury he spent weeks in bed only eating fast food morning noon and night whole foot long sandwiches Pizza Fried Chicken that kind of stuff I mean that was just the easiest quickest stuff to get I mean and also not having like one of things but two of things like two burgers from McDonald's it was bad but then it was made worse my appetite was so big that we ate so much of the bad food I guess I could have took some action about it but I don't know I I really couldn't couldn't figure out what I what really I could do he was just trying to make me happy and I just wanted to be happy and food was one of those things that was constantly a thing that did that neither his father nor his brother a marine suffer from obesity Casey's poor eating habits are the sole source of his weight problem make 50 watch on mobile devices or the big screen all for free no subscription of Fire at 33 years old he even reached a record weight of 700 pounds I was just eating till I'm dead probably a normal day for me is wake up around 12 figure out something I'm gonna eat immediately TV Video Games bad it's not a lot of activity it was at this point that he appeared on a reality TV show Family by the time this footage shows him morbidly obese the show's producer cut him a deal they would pay for a ten thousand dollar operation if he would participate in the program weird being going from 711 pounds to like 470. it hasn't been a year yet it's kind of cool now he goes to the sports center three times a week okay goodbye last one I'll be back later all right be careful oh I'll be careful super careful and he's regained his independence at long last I didn't drive for seven years and I've only been driving again for like a month two months maybe I was Tethered to my father in every shape of the way and it was difficult at times I mean there's tons of like weddings I didn't go to I had friends that had kids that I didn't go see them that's also because I had just changed so much that I really wasn't the proud of the person I was every kind of conversation I would have with people would be centered about around what are you eating what are you doing to lose weight I was like can we talk about anything but my weight please like I I don't I didn't feel human I felt like I don't know like a like a like a zoo animal but rapid weight loss causes various problems previously his skin had to stretch to accommodate his weight now his lighter and he has too much of it the only solution is surgery but Casey cannot afford it swimming is one of the few activities that he is available to him I mean there's no way this is coming back like this is that's pretty much there until I get cut off like you can fix this and you can fix this and like the cheap stuff like that'll be fine but like this stuff assistant that feels good to just be like noticed for like something good instead of just being like like they noticed you just for being the big guy they don't notice you for being the big guy that's trying to lose weight I'm definitely proud of you yeah I need to change my eating habits yeah it's not it's not for the most part everyone that's ever came up to me has had some positive to say either like I motivated them or the show changed their life or they showed them that they air in their ways they got inspired and this was like an opportunity to change my life positive so there was nothing that was going to stop me from doing it today Casey is hoping for another chance at a reality show to finance his operation last year he and some 230 000 other Americans underwent weight loss operations that's a 30 rise since 2011. today Alex Perez is choosing to make the same choice hello hello hi I'm Alex okay thank you Alex weighs 300 pounds he is only 40 but he has the health problems of a 60 year old high blood pressure sleep apnea respiratory and muscular disorders all of this due to being overweight stomach reduction surgery is his last hope I've never been this heavy ever his wife Jasmine convinced him to take this course of action she too used to be obese she had the operation two years ago I was very very close against the 300s yeah she was a big girl but it just got to from where I wasn't comfortable anymore which is the point that I'm at now where I can I can't go camping with my son and and keep up with him because he's he's 155 pounds and he's a he's a firecracker so I can't there's no way I can keep up with him I can't do the normal things that our father does you know and that's why that's it I'm done I'm ready for this how are you doing today yeah how much weight have you lost this Miami Clinic's obesity specialist is Dr Choi has performed over 4 000 operations like this it's a new technique for rapid weight loss that involves neither physical exercise nor special food regiers with a reduced stomach the patient feels satisfied with smaller meals nope are you and how much do you weigh sir 5 10 297 pounds perfect they're a great way I'm gonna try to go through your belly button so that the scarring be less my job Senor Perez is to cut and remove about 70 to 80 percent of the stomach and you're gonna be like but why are you need to remove so much of it and make you look like a banana because there is this hormone here called ghrelin and once I do that my patients tell me they're not hungry anymore and then you eat less food because you're restricting it okay thank you Dr Charles thank you allowing me thank you to do all this with me okay of course all right you're helping him out too prior to the operation Alex will have to fast for three days that however is nothing compared to the cost of the operation eleven thousand dollars none of which is covered by health insurance the couple has decided to take out a loan and to make monthly payments Alex feels he has no other alternative in the past three years he has gained over 100 pounds these are some of my family pictures here at our wedding while we were married as you can see I was a lot skinnier and she was heavier when she had the surgery that she lost the weight I gained the weight I let myself go being lazy eating wrong eating at the wrong times the work schedule in the United States is very hectic and you come home and you eat and you're so tired and so exhausted that you lay down and usually pass out and go to sleep it's been 10 days now since Alex has had anything solid to eat a very difficult stage for him but necessary to prepare his body for the operation I used to come home and do this macaroni and cheese and now for the operation I'll come home and get a glass of water and take out one of these melt it in the water stir it it just has the flavor of beef so it feels like you're actually eating something but you're not it's it's just liquid it's his last night with his entire stomach before surgery will forever alter his life obesity affects everyone in America this includes teenagers roughly 14 million of them Nationwide Phoenix Arizona population 1.6 million here one in three adults is obese in the middle of the Arizona desert between cacti and mountains a new type of boot camp sprang up in Scottsdale last year the four-star Academy that looks like a mansion it's strictly for teenage girls ages 13 to 18. their stay here is set for a four-month minimum and it will leave them 31 thousand dollars out of pocket and then walk back every morning seven days a week we did the math and it's 21 miles a week so it's a nice time to like wake up and see the sunrise it's definitely made me feel more productive for sure girls here follow a strict regime breakfast is at nine o'clock and it's monitored we ride down our food and the calories protein carbs and fat for everything that we eat and we ride it after we eat it to keep track of it we do it for every meal and then we just add it all up and write the totals for every meal Lindsay the staff nutritionist calculates the calories in each meal this is kind of a peanut butter substance here it has a little bit less calories the school has created a scale of how full a person feels after a meal with the aim of curbing appetite live so I'll probably have another piece of fruit and be at a six we usually shoot for a six at meals um it pretty much means like pretty good to go um but still slightly hungry so I want to shoot for a six so I probably have another Orange they're learning to live with feeling hungry Kaylee is 18. she's from Texas she entered the academy weighing 240 pounds she has now lost almost 45 pounds I hate you Kaylee owes the weight loss to Lindsay she teaches the students healthy eating habits today Lindsay's nutrition class is highlighting the danger of eating salt rich food high sodium content can lead to problems with blood pressure and water retention all right guys so we're going to talk a little bit about sodium soda today the recommendation finally a thousand so general for all Americans we're saying about 2 300 milligrams take a look at the things you usually eat at home out fast food at restaurants and we're going to bring up that nutrition content that we've looked at before and take a look at the sodium in some of our favorite well I did Chick-fil-A and my favorite one was the highest one okay it's always higher than you think it's gonna be with things like the calories is 450. well the carbs are a little too high compared to what I would usually eat here and so is the fat and the sodium is also pretty high my favorite meal is the chicken teriyaki bowl and I checked the sodium and it was so high I think a lot of it's just not knowing like what's in the food and what like like calorie intake and stuff and just not being aware of what you're eating so I think awareness is like a huge part of what we're doing so why do you think we like sodium so much it enhances flavors besides their nutrition classes Kaylee and her friends keep up with their regular classes online five hours per day I finished everything I went back it was it was and where's yours and yeah that is well you got that here I was going to read through it and take some notes yeah definitely do that okay 30 pm once the school day is over it's time for cooking lessons twice a week the girls learn how to prepare a balanced meal that they will easily be able to recreate back home my finger today's menu includes a cauliflower-based hummus but the classes are varied with the aim of introducing the girls to new ingredients my mom doesn't really cook at home but very very once in a while and usually it's pasta because it's quick but this it's fun cooking I never really thought about cooking until I came here but now I do it every every other day and it was not I would sometimes come home feeling very like sick and I don't like that feeling can I have a salt please strong I'm gonna put it in for a little bit longer so it gets a little softer but it doesn't stop there to Spur weight loss the girls have one hour of mandatory physical training every day and where should you feel your squash squat hey yes this afternoon a full hour high energy workout set to music you guys definitely definitely referred to as a fat camp or a weight loss camp we were completely different I mean we aren't just here to exercise exercise eat vegetables exercise the girls are doing so much more than just this this is just one component we try to do all sorts of Fitness pitch training Zumba Sports so what we'll do is we're going to hold it upside down and put it on the sternum inhale and then exhale it's a lot easier when I first um than when I first got here I've noticed a lot of like muscle and the goal is to give them the physical tools needed in order to lose weight stay in good health and appreciate their bodies I don't know I'm really enjoying myself right now I love working out I feel it makes me feel good so yeah feel accomplished this evening the school has a special surprise for the teens the first time in many weeks they're getting a night out on the town it's a much needed break for these youngsters searching for their identity [Laughter] I want to become a singer and so I'm going to study music in college I chose to come to help like boost my confidence with like my Performing Arts because I love music so much I definitely think it's going to be a new level of confidence on stage not having to worry about certain things these girls have left family and friends behind taking time out of their lives in order to slim down and no longer be defined solely by their weights we return to Alex whose big day has finally arrived he is going to have two-thirds of his stomach removed my son left this morning all worried so I told him to relax I was gonna be fine with surgery looming Alex is feeling anxious but more than that he's exhausted from three days of fasting it's the first big operation that that I've ever had at the hospital several members of his family and George his best friend are there to support him you ready should I get rid of this yeah very important for me to be here I want to make sure that when he wakes up I can pick at a little and eat something juicy in front of them I wouldn't do that to him do I get filet mignon tonight you know lobster tail no no you'll get to see him in a little bit bye Dr Choi will be performing five similar operations today all on obese patience Alex is the first on the list oops I'm just gonna ask you a couple questions okay any medical problems I need to know about no okay surgeries before um go first okay questions you might feel some pain after but I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna take care of you with all the pain meds but don't kilo all right relax everything's gonna be fine okay and take care of you all right Alex is struggling to stay calm but luckily Jasmine is on hand tomorrow you go ready yes I guess you smile you have a good nap the operation will be performed under general anesthesia it's now one hour before the operation and the sedatives are making him feel drowsy and some medicine it's working when Alex wakes up an hour from now he will have lost a large part of his stomach doesn't go to sleep so just try to breathe in all operations have their problems and complications but that was explained to him prior to surgery hemorging leaking stomach liquids and bowel obstruction can occur after this type of surgery but these are the risks patients are willing to take in order to lose weight you should lose an average of 10 to 15 pounds a month with a possible weight loss of 80 to 90 pounds in one year life is going to change completely he's going to fill our completely different person it's official he started you know brand new and I can't wait to see the transformation so a little anxious Dr Choi begins his work on Alex's stomach first he makes an incision to insert a camera the procedure is done by watching the screen the surgeon uses two surgical tools to section Alex's stomach here we see him working these clamps and scissors inside Alex's abdomen after an hour and a half the operation is over okay how are you good good morning everything went well I tested it he's he had a really big stomach I think it was they can go to my son yeah no problem I don't know if he could eat but I know no no he couldn't he would put down three plates of food yes he can put down food for sure absolutely and hopefully he's going to be able to put food down no no you won't be able to thank you again George great seeing you again thank you Jasmine okay two days later we find Alex up and on his feet he's just starting to walk again he's having far more pain than anticipated yeah yeah I'm gonna try that's too sweet your taste buds change completely what was not sweet before is now very very sweet I knew it was going to hurt but I didn't think it was going to hurt this bad the pain prevents him from moving freely he can't lie down in bed and the slightest movements hurt his stomach I oh it's going to be like that for the first couple days gonna get better his son Donovan has come to visit him for the first time since the operation butter and yesterday yeah tired so now my stomach is just here so all the stomach that was all here he took it out through here I would have kept on the way I was I would be dead in 10 years I'll be around to see graduate from college and grew up to be a good man and you know dinner for him gastrectomy is becoming more and more common in the U.S 135 000 people underwent the procedure in 2017 a huge increase on five years ago when only 29 000 gastrectomies were performed while some Americans may be turning to surgery in order to lose weight another movement has come to prominence a movement that rejects painful surgeries fad diets and teen boot camps it's the body positivity Revolution encouraging people to take pride in their bodies no matter their size the attendees of this New York party are celebrating women especially those who love and accept their bodies as they are it's the opening night of the international women's travel Festival among the globe trotting attendees Annette Richmond's team is making a huge sensation these American women have come here to prove that there's no shame or problem with being overweight quite the opposite Annette has made body positivity her Mission and even her job I feel like it's important to have representation of fat people traveling to inspire other people that are fat to travel it's not easy though there are going to be different things that that people have to face and have to deal with and have to consider that made me straight sized people don't but my whole goal is to show that it's worth it the net is fighting for recognition for obese people several airline companies in the country now require obese people to pay for two seats she aims to combat this Injustice Annette Richmond is what people call an influencer originally from California she travels to provide content for her social media accounts her Blog has a very specific following fans of the body positivity movement I have almost twenty thousand followers on Instagram there's not as big of a body positive Community everywhere as there is in New York so there's a ton of events here her blog fat girls traveling aims to represent this community in it hundreds of overweight women post photos of themselves traveling the world body positivity is becoming increasingly popular in the U.S the idea is to be proud of your body in every way acceptance is growing so people are more comfortable and confident in their bodies worldwide you know people are getting bigger Last Summer she created a body positive fat camp a vacation spot for fat people campers got to show off their bodies without worrying about being judged it was quite the success so much so that she and her team are already planning the next one hello my lovely welcome to the Meetup all of them have been stared at due to their weight all of them have become activists campaigning to change public opinion welcome to the Meetup s you're fat and you're smart and you're tall and you have curly hair I just I think I am tired of people being ashamed to live in a bigger body it's ridiculous I would have been willing to die to be fit 100 I would have welcomed cancer if it meant I was going to lose weight I remember like in high school kids would get mono and they drop like 15 pounds I'm like man I really want monitors I was like 50 pounds in like two weeks I think I would be thinner than I am now if I had not yo-yo dieted since the age of eight because I'm [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up my metabolism by doing that so I think that I probably always would have been bigger but I think I would have been smaller than I am now simply because I wouldn't have yo-yo for most of my life but their message and attitude don't appeal to everyone many doctors are against this movement they're worried that it will lead young people to dismiss the dangers of obesity oh my god do you know how many times I've been told I'm about promoting obesity anytime I drop a swimsuit photo another day I'm not promote promoting I'm promoting promote comfortable in your own skin and every size and shape you are so take a picture guys hahaha today is an important day for fat girls traveling they're going to talk about how hard it is for them to travel like others do launched six years ago this Festival aims to connect influential women in the travel world this year is the first year that overweight people have been invited to discuss the issues they faced just like the one they're experiencing today the stage was designed for five slim people there is simply not enough room on stage for the five members of Annette's team there's five plus size women how are we supposed to fit up there on that stage and I know that they're not doing it maliciously it just they didn't think about people living in bigger bodies need more space and that is the exact reason why we're here we are plus size women and we need a little more space thank you Kelly we're all going on stage you guys ready yeah you excited Annette and her team have 45 minutes to Enlighten the audience and to promote body positivity traveling while fat it can be a little bit scary um having to ask for an extender having to ask for more space on an airplane or a bus that makes people fearful and so my goal with creating fat girls traveling was to kind of Shake It things up a little bit but also to help take the stigma away from it because fat does not mean ugly that does not mean lazy that does not mean unlovable that does not mean anything but I have more fat on my body than you in America the body positivity movement is fighting back tonight at bounce a Los Angeles nightclub you have to be overweight to dance and large figure hiding clothes are not allowed tonight it's singles night men who aren't necessarily obese come to meet women who are overweight the MC is Lisa Marie Garbo an icon in the nightclub scene she's a specialist in plus size club nights used to dress more conservative you know they know when they come to club pounds exactly and body positivity brings in the money every party at the club generates about forty five hundred dollars in ticket sales alone these women and some 35 million overweight Americans are now daring to wear tight-fitting sexy outfits and walls are being broken down in the fashion industry which has for so long upheld slimness as the ideal last year test holiday an obese model was featured on the cover of Cosmopolitan a first in the history of fashion magazines and in New York one photographer has decided to go even further to smash industry norms fantastic day fantastic fantastic in her photo studio kariza puts the spotlight on overweight women she is doing a photo shoot today for an exhibition the theme women with curves my God chin up a bit you're my hero I love it you know in plus size Community it's growing you know fashion projects it's not anymore something small now it's era of big things big project models come from all over the world to karitz's Studio I'm Adrian nice to meet you Sophie Turner's 670 000 and Counting followers make her very popular in the U.S for three years now she too has been a plus size model where I'm from in Scotland it's not a thing so people sort of laugh about it there's not really a Muslim Market there all together and I tried going to London but I find more success in New York and I just felt it was the place to be for it we need to rock internet we need to Rock Fashion we need to rock modeling world we need to like shake it a bit it's became boring you know they need to do like this one two three you know what you are like French Queen Marie Antoinette you know thanks to people like kariza the way that overweight women are perceived is changing in America you can even become a beauty queen when you're obese perfect we met one such pageant Queen in the small town of Escondido California 34 Jennifer Gutierrez won the Miss Escondido contest for plus-sized women height 5 feet 5 inches weight 280 pounds titled Miss Escondido plus 2019 and today at her home it's the day of the big game like 98 million other Americans Jennifer and her family are watching the Super Bowl oh my gosh in America Super Bowl is like one of the biggest events ever it's like the World Cup in Europe I don't know what that means but sure and it means food family friends and everybody goes crazy and usually everybody is drinking and going nuts but we have kids so if you're having a Super Bowl party you have to have chicken wings huge like American thing chips I had to move the chips up here because my children will live on chips if I let them deviled eggs every event you have to have double legs the calories aren't an issue for Jennifer they actually improve her image it's thanks to being overweight that she was Crown Miss Plus I'm so proud of you baby thanks Daddy but now Jennifer's dream is to become Miss plus America it's the biggest beauty pageant in the country for overweight women let's go first however she must win the California title an intensive training program in Los Angeles prepares the candidates for the contest at last Jennifer will meet her competitors Hello nice to meet you nice to meet you this is the first time I've met everybody I've got like first day of school jitters okay I'm in my white shirt the day begins with several photo shoots it's the best way for the candidates to size each other up ready one two and three awesome gorgeous thank you you're welcome just look at that Crown I love it I'm already a winner in my book because I've met so many people who are like there's a plus size Mrs Escondido and I'm like yeah I'm like regular Mrs Escondido but I can have Donuts it's like the best world ever silly silly guys God nobody wants to see it when you were walking on stage Do You See it's jiggling it's jiggling being overweight doesn't mean letting yourself go though the candidates have to stay sexy at all costs it gives that nice smooth clean look so when I'm walking guess what there's no bouncing where you can feel like you're like and when you take it off you're like oh my gosh I can finally breathe it needs to be uncomfortable I'm telling you ladies this will make the difference of whether you look at an address or you don't look good and dressed last item on the day's agenda choreography the women will be rehearsing this dance for several weeks so that's the only thing that I like he's scared about is the dance thing fingers crossed it's 8 A.M in Anaheim a city near Los Angeles the new Miss California plus will be crowned today Jennifer barely managed to sleep she is already getting ready to nap the title a long cherished dream for her I want to go to Nationals I would really like to win Supreme today that would be amazing I don't know if I'm going to Frank her husband is with her to provide support the candidates have spent several thousand dollars on garments and accessories to improve their chances of making their childhood dream come true the pageants director Cher Roo enters to wish everyone good luck with only a few minutes until Showtime the tension Rises and the honest thought on being loved by a skinny boy okay I'm gonna get dressed the winner of the Mrs California for 2019 is Jennifer Gutierrez the next stage for Jennifer is the national contest in July this accomplishment would never have been possible without the body positivity movement body acceptance offers a glimmer of hope for millions of Americans in a nation where 40 percent of people are overweight one solution is To Love Yourself Just As You Are

  Top Comments:
  1. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692 [1 likes]: Did you see ❤️ heart attack??? MY people
  2. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692 [1 likes]: After junk food, they call themselves(kings)
  3. @kerots1109 [1 likes]: If anyone is interested I just changed my diet to one meal a day anywhere from 11 am to 2 pm .. just meats eggs cheeses. and real foods, whole foods, nothing packaged or processed... . I fast the rest of the day... Black coffee or water .. down 80kgs got 40 to go.. no its not easy and yes I do cheat here and there, but the trick is not to cheat alot and get back to it... stopping sugar is the hardest... it takes about 2 weeks to get rid of the CRAVINGS.. But once down it's easy... some asked me, isn't that expensive to eat grass fed and real non processed food... yes, but not as much as prescriptions or hospital stays...😊
  4. @christopherhuff9883 [1 likes]: I’m a victim I’m a victim!!
  5. @RA-yg7ss: Average woman is 5’2 and 174 lbs!! Crazy! 
Im 5’11 and 144lbs and I need to loose 10 lbs
  6. @gianttigerthots: 42:35 LOSE WEIGHT /SOVED
  7. @jimmyhuesandthehouserocker1069: About 40 years ago I read a book about an obesity study under scientific conditions that demonstrated conclusive proof of how dietary excess is NOT the cause of obesity
  8. @ericawilder8531: An hour a day to get made up for work?  Oh goodness what a waste of the me.  Shouldn’t take that long!
  9. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: Your GOD can choose any positive numbers( 2) very HEAVY
  10. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: Don’t forget, your GOD is OVER you
  11. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: AM back, ARROGANT, evil, wicked people, in case you don’t know, MY enemies checked MY eyes, heard,teeth ALL is well, SO I recommend everybody to check yrs
  12. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: After junk food, they waste money for operations
  13. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: My people see one day food
  14. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: You hiding, your GOD don’t hide everything, I go tell you the truth
  15. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: Hear liars, enemies of progress people
  16. @zenaboukoukoouadja2692: In case you don’t know, your GOD don’t support bad behaviour
  17. @cottonballandbells7605: 00:38 when I tell you I CACKLED “a victim of fast food” I’m 5’1 88lbs with a maintenance of around 1500 calories, I’m autistic with ARFID and so therefore the food i will eat is restricted, I don’t eat any healthy food i I live on fast food and processed junk nor do I do much exercise yet I can still stay bmi 16 some of these people are HILARIOUS with their excuses
  18. @gittenielsen95: Obesity is not a disease. You eat nothing but fast food, what do you expect happens? Come on Americans. You are smarter than this.
  19. @manpreetkaur7486: I've been taking Planet Ayurveda's supplements for obesity along with a healthy diet and exercise, and the results are amazing! Highly recommend"
  20. @carolwilliams8511: Wow, that place is even called Heart Attack Grill? Should it be allowed to trade??? 😮

- Katie Couric's Notebook: Obesity In America (CBS News): Kind: captions Language: en being overweight used to be socially unacceptable but now it's ballooned into something dangerous physically and fiscally according to experts almost 2third of American adults are seriously overweight or obese that's a 150% increase in just the last 30 years obesity among children doubled over the past two decades not only does more obesity lead to more disease like diabetes heart attacks and cancer but it also leads to 120,000 more deaths in this country every year but this is a crisis that's hitting our wallets as well America spends about $100 billion dollar a year on healthare needs related to obesity and taxpayers of all sizes foot the bill which is why obesity and how it affects us our children and our country needs to be front and center of any serious discussion about Healthcare in America that's a page from my notebook I'm Katie kurick CBS News

  Top Comments:
  1. @davevak: .... all you have to do is watch the program 'Man vs Food' to see how disgustingly obsesed that nation is with food.
  2. @soylint: @JessOnTheRun Well, there is some merit to what you are saying, but Ford is HUGE in Europe; in fact, there are many Ford models in Europe that aren't even sold in America.
  3. @ManTheBush: I hate how fat people are so sensitive about it! Like I cant say FAT I have to watch what I say I can't say Fat well it is its fat, if you get liposuction they are not sucking out your "obesity" they are sucking out your fat. People need to stop being over sensitive about it, its not like they just woke up one day and they were 150 pounds heaver, at some point they decided it was easier to just over eat and never workout, untill the point where it is hard to workout, well congrats now your fat.
  4. @tpp5151: @JessOnTheRun We use dry wall too moron and last time I checked my house doesn't shake when I close any of my doors. And like I said my house is bigger than 2 of yours so don't fight it because it is true.
  5. @tpp5151: @JessOnTheRun If I am so beneath you then how come you took the time to write such a long comment to "trailer trash" and I live in a house bigger than two of yours put together.
  6. @tpp5151: @JessOnTheRun Don't act like Europe has no problems either you Europeans never get along Europe caused 2! world wars plus many others until you can fix every problem you have no right to  judge us
  7. @37zeus37: a fat guy ate my dog
  8. @panzerkilla: Couric sucks!
  9. @samisayshi: @0ct0ct09 What are you talking about, moron? Obesity is a problem in Canada too. LOL @ Canadian ignorance.
  10. @cyclenut: Usually I don't like the media, but Katie is pretty cool. Sarah Palin needed the interviews and Katie did those fair to the people. Too bad she is one of very few..
  11. @launyv: Check out OMmedical.  org tell them Launy Sent you in to recieve 100.00 off 12week (30+lbs) weight loss program!
  12. @OlderG0ds: @0ct0ct09  

Just in case you wanted to know, Obesity level in Mexico is 30%, USA is 28%, in Canada is 24%. 

Go North America! If we try harder and eat more we can possibly sink our continent!
  13. @OlderG0ds: Wow I meant to say fattest people, not poorest. 

And yes MrMellingen is correct obesity is not just high in America. Almost all the developed English speaking nations top the list with the exception of Mexico which is the highest obesity rates in the world.

You can really tell who is ignorant about this issue because it seems like British and Canadian people have no clue their countries are at the wrong end of this obesity spectrum....
  14. @OlderG0ds: @0ct0ct09   Obesity is not spread evenly throughout America. The poorest places are down south and the poorest people are uneducated and poor ones.

Also race is a factor.  Blacks had 51% higher prevalence of obesity, and Hispanics had 21% higher obesity prevalence compared with whites.

Black women have 39.2% obesity, compared white women 21.8%.

So yes there are more Pamela Andersons (Canadian btw) than Tyra Banks and Selma Hayaks.. lol
  15. @Heavy_Distortion: If I want to lose 4 pounds I take a shit.
  16. @NysiLLest91: @BillyBawb so your solution to our country's financial problems is to let fat people die?
  17. @Parodeyz: @BillyBawb And people dying is a good thing?
  18. @poosta7: and 27% of young Americans too fat to join the military.....also eliminating those with criminal records and without high school diplomas it doesn't leave much.
  19. @BillyBawb: What the nanny-statists don't tell you is that when you take into account the fact that obese people have shorter lifespans, obesity SAVES the country money.  Do you honestly think it is cheaper to let these people grow old and use many expensive prescription drugs and get long-term care than it is for them to die in their 60s of heart disease?

- Obesity Epidemic In America Getting Worse: Bottom Line | CNBC: Kind: captions Language: en This health epidemic is weighing on Americans. Reports show the US obesity epidemic is only getting worse. Efforts to encourage Americans to stop putting on weight seem to have little effect. NBC News reporting nearly 40% of adults and almost 20% of teenagers are obese. According to studies by the CDC, they're not just overweight. Obese is medically defined as someone having a body mass index of more than 30. Researchers expect the problem to grow with up to 44% of Americans projected to be obese by the year 2030. The bottom line, more Americans are putting on too much weight. Hey CNBC fans, thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Here you're going to find videos packed with all of the information that you need to be smarter about your finances. You can subscribe by clicking right here and click on all the videos around me or the eye right here to watch the latest from CNBC. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @arrivagabry [28 likes]: and they showed the skinnier ones on this video, there are people there that are like titanic!
  2. @polysteveshusbandandboyfri644 [14 likes]: I don't think exercise would help most obese people because of what they eat. If you exercise and eat McDonalds afterwards you probably would just loose a few pounds then gain it back
  3. @luisc.h.6700 [10 likes]: In my area of central California, our women are huge, hippo size. More than half of our women here are huge! Massive hippo ladies!
  4. @mariaa5887 [6 likes]: Because their parents dont teach them how to cook homemade foods or just being lazy so they just buy or eat outside. Even if schools educate them if what they see in their family are getting food from fastfood it will be difficult. Cut the portion of food you take and drink water not soda or alcohol after meal.
  5. @moosefactory133 [4 likes]: Omg! It's going to get worse? A projected 44 percent  obese by the year 2030? At 5' 9 1/2 inches and 162 pounds I feel like a minority already.
  6. @Eva-kd7wi [4 likes]: If you have to real a labbel , its not food , cook REAL FOODS whats so hard to understand? cook, sit down and eat real home meals god damn it! 3 meals a day thats it!
  7. @lyndon8488 [2 likes]: keto helped me lose 35 lbs a year ago and I have kept it off with workouts
  8. @unknown-et2vs [2 likes]: Thank god I'm asian
  9. @biblewaytoheaven [2 likes]: 1 Timothy 4:8
“For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.”

Okay, okay don't over generalize everything the Word of God says.


Does the Bible teaches to be lazy or greedy? The answer is no.


2 Thessalonians 3:10
“For even when we were with you, this we commanded you, that if any would not work, neither should he eat.”

Okay, okay don't  again don't over generalize everything the Word of God says.


1 Timothy 6:8
“And having food and raiment let us be therewith content.............”

The Only True Word of God - King James Version (KJV)


The True Gospel of Christ (The Good News and Repentant of the Heart) - www.biblewaytoheaven.com
  10. @brex50 [2 likes]: as usual, fake news......its more like 75% for men and 90% for women.. Sept. 2019...
  11. @eks9225 [1 likes]: Up to 44% by 2030??? I thought we were at around 42% now in 2020 and I bet it’s way worse now because of the year long quarantine
  12. @Tunisianbeauties [1 likes]: Better than corona
  13. @AA_Black_Excellence: 0:12 they’re not even obese.
  14. @sabrinamcalister200: Who says Genital herpes has no cure and permanent treatment? Let me introduce you all to Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my partner and I friend Genital Herpes infection with his natural herbal medication.
  15. @z-0-x584: Fat boi
  16. @brex50: Watched about half hour long video of yellow vest demonstration in Paris France almost NO FAT PEOPLE.......THEY DON'T ALLOW GMO IN EUROPE...SEPT 2019
  17. @brex50: Watched about half hour long video of yellow vest demonstration in Paris France almost NO FAT PEOPLE.......THEY DON'T ALLOW GMO IN EUROPE...SEPT 2019
  18. @Persey123: Very troubling
  19. @fainafaina8004: ugly
  20. @ZakTripper666: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18426509

- Obesity: An American Crisis: Kind: captions Language: en what is officially the biggest health crisis in American history. 34% of American adults, 17% of our children are considered obese. And today, a government panel issued a brand new plea for all of us to change how we eat. Here's Lindseay Davis. We all understood the old food pyramid. Grains on the bottom, oils on top. Every 5 years, they change the guidelines. And today, the USDA made their recommendations for how to cut the fat in 2010. Eat more fruits and vegetables with only moderate amounts of lean meats and eggs. Put that salt shaker down. You should cut out at least half a teaspoon of sodium a day. Eat less solid or saturated fat. So, cut down on things like processed meats. The saturated fat should account for 7% of total calories. That's about a slice and a half of bacon. Nutritionists say obesity is the biggest threat to public health. In the last 30 years, obesity rates for kids have tripled. These represent the most aggressive and forwardthinking guidelines. The problem is many of us are in denial about what we eat. Take a stab at how many milligrams of sodium are in your grilled cheese sandwich. What would you think? I would imagine it's a fairly high amount. I don't know, maybe 40%. She's wrong. Two slices of American cheese melted in between two slices of white bread and a tablespoon of butter adds up to,35 milligrams of sodium. Based on today's recommendations, she's just consumed 76% of her sodium allowance for the day. Lindsey Davis, ABC News, New

  Top Comments:
  1. @evac3928 [2 likes]: 34%, eh? We are in the 40’s now.
  2. @ZodMagus [2 likes]: Fat is not the problem. Sugar is the problem. Specifically high fructose sugar
  3. @Userxc45 [1 likes]: Anyone here in 2025 😂
  4. @mckenna_rop [1 likes]: I think they’re over complicating it. I do intense physical activity 3-6 hours a day and do not watch what I eat very much and my BMI is 18.5, which is pretty decent
  5. @lazarusblackwell6988 [1 likes]: START EXERCISING PEOPLE

UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE EATEN ONE DAY BY ZOMBIES

THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE IS CLOSE 

ALSO WORSE THINGS ARE AROUND THE CORNER

GOOD LUCK
  6. @t-lo3707: If this was to come out to my ashamed generation Gen z. Then they throw some kind of bs riot
  7. @alexsim8554: Eat fat get lean....eat carbs get fat ...fat do t make YOU fat
  8. @GoodDr.: Thank you for the information. Let's advocate for policies that make healthy foods more accessible and affordable.
  9. @Damian-on6ds: Sorry.
  10. @Damian-on6ds: It's not the fat it's the flab it's impossible to get rid of it's not the fat. It's always on the tummy of skinny girls.
  11. @Damian-on6ds: It doesnt make gay if I stand for heavy set people.
  12. @ojastopale4865: They are obese because they eat to much tasty food,And the more the food is tasty the more it is bad, so it's good to eat it in limit.But people are addicted they can't control there urge.
  13. @magaretmiles2253: Obesity, being overweight and excessive fat /weight gain is a personal choice. Try to lose weight and live a more healthier lifestyle.thank you Dr Ehimare herbal medicine treatment on YouTube channel. It doesn't matter how much money you have in the bank, without good health all of that means nothing. Having a good health is a truly the greatest wealth. I'm blessed indeed!! And you can also contact Dr Ehimare on his YouTube channel for more information
  14. @henrybird26: It’s not about the fat or the salt. It’s about the carbohydrates.
  15. @austineogar7885: Let me take this moment to thank and recommend Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes with his natural herbs supplements which I ordered from him
  16. @fatcrruise6508: Cut sugar also
  17. @nancyanne9982: Thanks to everyone that recommended Dr IGUDIA on YouTube, he also make it possible for me eradicating the HERPES VIRUS permanently.
  18. @simstar6557: 34% in 2010.
42.4% in 2021.
48.9% estimated for 2030.
Will probably be more due to Covid lockdown speeding things up. Average weight gain is 30lb during lockdown.
  19. @nadiakerris1863: Yes, you have big problems.
  20. @mjt5104: People in Africa dies from starvation, in usa they die from obesity

- WHICH COUNTRY HAS BIGGEST OBESITY PROBLEM? BBC NEWS: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] just two eating to excess you've got far too many sausages really when it put some back chances are many of us overdid it over the festive period but there are fresh concerns about our globally expanding Wast lines SAU James researchers say it's particularly alarming in the developing world where people are choosing to spend their increasing disposable income on fatty sugary Foods that's the future diet report analyzed existing data on global obesity rates it found in 1980 one in five people were overweight or obese in 2008 it had risen to one in three the report also found that in the developing world countries like the UK and the US rates went from 321 million to 571 million but in developing countries like Egypt and Mexico numbers almost quadruple from 250 million to 94 million well the explosion of overweight and obese people in the developing world is largely down to the emerging economies those that have have gone through a transition from being lowincome economies to Middle inome economies in the last generation and that has produced a large middle class of people who have Rising incomes and they can buy the foods they want and they're undertaking more sedentary Lifestyles it's these sorts of greasy fattening processed sugary foods that are causing the problem this glass of Coke has more than the daily recommended maximum limit of sugar around 13 teaspoons of sugar in that get through enough of this sort of food and drink regularly enough and your risk of things like heart disease of stroke certain types of cancers and diabetes all increases is already putting a huge strain on Health Systems right across the world Denmark banned trans fats which are used to extend shelf life but have no nutrition value back in 2004 the report also cites South Korea's large- scale training scheme to teach women about preparing traditional lowfat meals as a success story in how government policies can help fight obesity I've never worried about my weight because I've always enjoyed eating porridge like this I would never eat fatty foods I like to eat vegetables and fruit Koreans prefer vegetables whereas westerners seem to eat more red meat also Koreans tend to eat less in general people are quite weight conscious here the report says more governments need to start introducing taxes on sugary fatty foods much of the food and drinks industry isn't Keen though and argue the only thing that will get lighter is people's wallets tulip mauma BBC News

  Top Comments:
  1. @lzstep80 [3 likes]: 1, processed food, GMO, etc.
2, Stressful life->depression->eating more
3, Extended working hours->less sleep and recreation time-stress
4, for digest of meat and bread>needs high sugar contained deink for digest(=coke)
5, No exercise or just walking 1 hour a day for work instead in car or bus
  2. @XB1uesky [2 likes]: Fact: Nauru 🇳🇷is the fattest country in the world
  3. @MySensualWorld [2 likes]: America spread fast food around the world!
  4. @Eric-jo8uh [1 likes]: Want to put on weight.? Eat, eat, eat , flour, sugar, and as many carbohydrates as you can shove into your mouth. You are what you eat.
  5. @azure9886 [1 likes]: We all know American has the high obesity rate 💀
  6. @ricardodiaz6187 [1 likes]: USA 😂🇺🇸
  7. @Steve17256 [1 likes]: why no one knows nauuru ?
  8. @ayurdoc627: Informative and inspiring! Medohar Vidangadi Loha helps balance Kapha and promotes natural weight management. Love this video!
  9. @suicune3776: Healthy food can taste very good, it's all the chemicals and overpowering taste they put in junk food ;w;
  10. @rnhs-drr2138: No one will write articles how junk food is tuning day to day life
  11. @NedLawrence2434: Fat people are stupid…fact.  Everyone knows how to eat/live correctly; no sugar, minimal carbs, lots of vegetables and exercise.  Self inflicted injury.  Slim healthy people are cleverer and look better too. Fact.
  12. @ProtectedHarvest: 02:47 - "...only thing that will get lighter is people's wallets." 😂🤣
  13. @fluffy_borb: 2014 was nine years ago. Nine.
  14. @indigenous31617: Sodas and starches are the big culprit
  15. @viceversa-ferrari3585: Murica
  16. @RootlessNZ: Fat is NOT the problem. Eating fat does not make you fat.   Nor is meat fattening.  Nutrition advice is dominated  by  70 year old beliefs.  Sugar and carbohydrates are the main cause of obesity. Bread, pasta. potatoes, rice and sugary fruits and drinks all contribute to the obesity epidemic.
  17. @austineogar7885: Let me take this moment to thank and recommend Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 Diabetes disease with his natural herbs supplements which I ordered from him
  18. @freegames7874: book: 'Weight Loss' by Christophe Lefebvre easy it is to fix you're OVERWEIGHT
  19. @debbieevansphelar804: I’m so much grateful to Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 diabetes disease with his natural herbs medication and I’m also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from Diabetes disease to contact him on his YouTube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective.
  20. @sabrinamcalister200: Who says Genital herpes virus has no cure and permanent treatment? Let me introduce you all to Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my partner and I friend Genital Herpes infection with his natural herbal medication.

- Over 75% of US adults may meet criteria for obesity under new definition: Kind: captions Language: en Well, if losing weight is one of your New Year's resolutions, you may want to listen to this one. More than 75% of adults in the US may meet criteria that's new for obesity. That's according to new estimates of obesity based on a definition recently proposed by the Lancet Global Commission. Researchers found that BMI alone may significantly underestimate obesity in adult Americans. The new definition includes weight waist-based measurements, significantly increasing obesity estimates. Former CDC official, Dr. Demetre Daskalakis, joins us for more on this. Great to have you. So, explain to us this new obesity definition. Why are we changing it? What are the measurements that researchers are using here? Well, thanks for having me on, Elizabeth. So, I think I think the main point is that not all fat is built the same. So, fat that's around your waist is more significant to health than other parts of your body. And the the body mass index, um that's the BMI, it actually uses your height and your weight to estimate um whether you're obese or not. And and it doesn't take into account where the fat is. So, this is a different way of asking the question and one that may actually be clinically more significant for people's health. So, if 75% of American adults meet this criteria for obesity, what is this say to you about our country's health right now? I I think, you know, the at the you know, the the baseline is that, you know, I think we have an obese country. It's probably obesity one of the most significant drivers of chronic disease. Um I think also the other part of this is that we need to do a bit more research. So, this is one study that uses the National Health and Nutrition uh Examination Survey and uses this new criterion to see how many people would qualify as obese when you take into account their waist measurement. So, I think that there needs to be sort of a deeper look into whether there should be stratifications regarding age and other factors. But, I think at the end of the day, I think this reaffirms what we all know, which is that obesity is a big problem in the US and drives a lot of cardiovascular and endocrine disease like diabetes. I think this might be surprising to some people given the success we've seen of weight loss medications, the popularity of some of these treatments that are helping people lose a lot of weight really fast. Yeah, I think it's important to look back at the study. And, you know, they actually the era that the study was done also included the time before weight loss drugs became popular. So, I think that the point really is that when you use this new criterion to evaluate folks who are in this survey, you find that a high proportion um have uh obesity based on this new definition. So, you know, I think there's a lot more studies and a lot more questions that need to be asked. So, for instance, like if you do use this new definition, how does that change people's uh qualify if they qualify or not for the use of these uh weight loss drugs. So, I think more to come, but definitely an important step uh to really align to a lot of the other world that looks at waist circumference as well as the BMI to figure out if folks have obesity. And and Dr. Daskalakis, what do you recommend to folks as we head into the new year thinking about uh the this this definition and maybe concerned about what they might be able to do to to take some steps to address it? Yeah, I think that exercise and diet are really important. And close collaboration with your health care provider is also important to see if you qualify for any of the drugs that may help you on your weight loss journey. So, I think the bottom line is that we know that the US has an obesity problem. This just affirms that. Dr. Demetre Daskalakis, great to have you. Thanks so much for your insight today. Thanks for having me.

  Top Comments:
  1. @raulmcgangbang6890: Just stop eating.
  2. @NUSORCA: A 41 hour fast every 2 days works for me.
  3. @StreetFighter4-U: Obesity is a problem in America and it’s not only affecting humans.
  4. @Julian_0999-f4k: The food and environmental pollution is not healthy. Not only are people obese in the US, but they have mental health issues.
  5. @HowToHomeLife: TThe following are 4-reasons Americans are obese: 1. The fast-food drive through, an individual can order as much fattening food as they want without shame, plus desert!, 2. The unlimited soda fountain provides as much corn syrup sweetened drinks that one can consume, plus a 32oz refill to go!, 3. "Flavorists" are specialized professionals who combine chemistry, and sensory expertise to create, mimic, or enhance natural and artificial flavors for food, and beverages, such as "flavor coated french fries", 4. Supersized portions of highly fattening processed foods such as a "triple stack cheese burger with bacon and sauce plus 3-buns"! The average weight in 1960 was 166-lbs for males, and 140-lbs for females, In 2020 The average weight is 200-lbs for males, and 171-lbs for females, this is why "It's a Small World" at Disneyland that opened in 1966, had to be rebuilt in 2012 because the average human weight today overloaded the boats and they were hitting bottom and stopping the ride! My doctor placed me on a diet by telling me: "don't eat anything until after 11:00 AM, and don't eat anything after 7:00 PM", within one year I lost 55-LBS and have maintained my weight to this day through "intermittent fasting", the doctor also stated that 16-hours fasting is where my body first consumes the stored glycogen (blood sugar), and then consumes the stored fat, the doctor also requires a blood test every four months. To this day I thank my doctor because I was tired of caring around four extra bowling balls!  David Riddle
  6. @Paulzm1: Everyone Knows theres a Food Problem in the United States,
They try fixing the problems with Pharmacy Drugs but no body what's to hear the truth about Changing your diet
  7. @ChrisPrime-x2b: Is that why they're handing out all these weight loss trucks because 75% of people are considered obese and it's the most expensive medical f**** in America you know how much it cost to make diabetes medication heart failure lung disease fatty liver disease
  8. @juliepotvin5500: The question is:  how much benefits will the drug industry make out of this....
  9. @mohammadalsagheir5832: High carb low fat veganism is the solution. Rip John McDougall.
  10. @ChrisPrime-m4e: Is 75% of Americans are obese what is our Olympic team going to look like 20 years from now
  11. @PortableClock: HAH im not
  12. @lissarx2459: People are starting to sue the companies behind Ozempic and Wegovy  because of severe life-altering side effects from these drugs like blindness and severe digestive problems. I saw this coming from a mile away.
  13. @gabrielcontreras3993: People, adults are generally lazy and weak! At work maybe two or others were active and disciplined. Everyone else obese!! Or going to doctor, me usually simple things, everyone else can barely walk, super fat! Look at fly over states, all fat and sick. People want the easy way, not put work into it!
  14. @Trailmix100: Zooming in on the cheeks is crazy work
  15. @YtUser-c1c: Who paid for the new study/guidelines? My guess is big Pharma.
  16. @c.daubz.5386: Eat meat and eggs, drink water with electrolytes, move your body daily the same as how you want to move your whole life, spend time in nature, be a healthy human
  17. @TargetedAd: I saw an awful picture of myself and I was disgusted I could be that lazy weak and worthless. I started working out everyday and now I look great and feel amazing. Being fat sucks and it’s embarassing
  18. @deathandrebirth-y8x: you fatsos need to learn discipline.

now i have to see my doctor if ozempic is right for me
  19. @SaveThatMoney411: So we all need to be walking around like fitness models in order to not be considered "obese". Got it. 15% bodyfat (for men) as the standard seems a bit excessive.
  20. @RC-qf3mp: 1:10 baby got back … and junk in the trunk. 😂

- 70 percent of American adults may be considered obese under new definition of condition: Kind: captions Language: en COURSE WE’LL BRING IT TO YOU. NEW ON FIVE. A NEW STUDY FROM MASS. GENERAL BRIGHAM FINDS OBESITY RATES IN THE U.S. COULD BE FAR HIGHER THAN PREVIOUSLY THOUGHT. TRADITIONALLY, OBESITY IS MEASURED BY BMI, WHICH ESTIMATES BODY FAT BASED ON WEIGHT RELATIVE TO HEIGHT. BUT RESEARCHERS APPLIED A NEW DEFINITION THAT FACTORS IN BODY FAT DISTRIBUTION AND FOUND OBESITY PREVALENCE JUMPED FROM ABOUT 40% TO NEARLY 70% AND UP TO 80% AMONG OLDER ADULTS. EXPERTS SAY THE EXPANDED CRITERIA REVEALS MILLIONS MORE AMERICAN

  Top Comments:
  1. @mopthermopther [9 likes]: ok ok we get it.
we’re fat, stupid and lazy
  2. @rickgardner1269: Just look at the wcvb5 Boston and you see  all of them over weight so I don't know why they talk about other people like they do

- Obesity in the African-American Community: Kind: captions Language: en obesity rates continue to go up in our country researchers at UT Health Northeast and tighter studying obesity specifically in the african-american community now our expert says obesity directly correlates with high blood pressure high cholesterol and diabetes also telling us that the society needs to be better in addressing obesity as a disease the reason is frustrating to me is because a lot of people don't understand that this is a disease by itself is very important as far as your health overall it was more so of a lifestyle change for me it started out two miles a day and worked my way up to where i was doing eight miles a day well that's impressive Huggins also says getting the weight off is only half the battle he says maintaining your weight is the hardest thing after

  Top Comments:
  1. @fat2fitphobia [7 likes]: It's so hard to move away  from traditional  foods high in fat I have made it my misson 2020 to reduce fats
  2. @mystic507 [2 likes]: Everybody trynna be “thick” but not healthy.
  3. @Greggee100 [1 likes]: yeah, it has sky-rocketed in u.s. in the last fifty years
Also, the amount the government spends on welfare
  4. @gottafigureitout3566 [1 likes]: I never liked the food I ate so I moved to a better diet. F.E.V.M, fruit, eggs, vegetables and meat. Honour God with your body through your health. Fasting and prayer is also very important.
  5. @jeremiahsegun9370: After using Doctor Alued on YouTube herbal treatment i was cured from Obesity after living with the Stigma for years, i highly Recommend his YouTube channel [ Doctor Alued ] if you are living with  Obesity  After two months HE also sent my SON Herpes cure now his HSV FREE ,,,
  6. @debbieevansphelar804: I’m so much grateful to Dr Igudia on YouTube who cured my type 2 diabetes with his natural herbs medication and I’m also using this opportunity to recommend everyone who also suffers from Diabetes disease to contact him on his YouTube channel because his herbs are indeed very effective.
  7. @tiffanycurtis4794: GLUTTONY IS A SIN AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN MEN ESPECIALLY WOMEN THAT ARE 78%OF THE FST OVERWEIGHT OBESE 150 TO 700 POUNDS COMMUNITY READ THAT BIBLE CHURCH QUOTING AND CHURCH GOING HYPERCRITES STOP SPENDING MORE ON WIGS NAILS CLOTHES MAKEUP AND START SPENDING MORE ON GODS FRUITS AND VEGETABLES FROM HIS EARTH AND STOP BLAMING EVERY BODY AND EVERY THING ITS NOT DNA TRUMP BOOGIE MAN ITS YOUR FAULT YOU GLUTTONY😠

- Too Fat to Survive: Inside America’s Deadliest Crisis: Kind: captions Language: en This is Jackson, a small town in the southwestern United States. And hiding behind the walls of this little house is an unexpected illness, an illness now widespread in America. This man suffers from a disease that affects 93 million people in the nation, obesity. At just 34 years old, Casey King now weighs 485 lb. According to him, he is a victim of fast food. I live in Jackson, a very small city. There are There's a McDonald's, there's a Burger King, there's a Taco Bell, there's a KFC, there's a There's a Pizza Hut, there's a Subway, there's a Little Caesars, there's a Dom- I think there's a Domino's. There's um a fried chicken place that's like a little amazing, but it's a really good. But, it's like a little family thing. There's um There's a million different fast food restaurants. I can't really tell you any place that is a healthy restaurant, though. [Music] Years of bad eating habits have pushed his body to the limit. Even taking a shower is a difficult task for Casey. There's like a lot of skin. There's like a lot of skin hanging. There's like flaps and stuff. I I jokingly tell people that I'm like a big like melted ice cream or whatever, because it's just like stuff literally it's almost like it's dripping off of me. The figures are staggering. The average woman weighs 170 lb and is 5 ft 2 in tall, while the average man is 5 ft 7 in tall and weighs 200 lb. 36% of the nation is obese, including even the president himself. Only a few months ago, Donald Trump's physician officially categorized him as obese, clearly a result of his love for fast food. In January 2019, in honor of an American football team, Trump ordered 1,000 hamburgers to be served at a White House reception. We have Big Macs, we have Quarter Pounders with Cheese, we have everything that I like, that you like. And I know no matter what we did, there's nothing you can have that's better than that, right? Never in all its history has the country been so overweight. We go to Las Vegas to follow Ricky, a waitress in a fast food restaurant specializing in the world's most calorie-laden burger. Casey King tells us what it's like to be morbidly obese. We're following family man Alex in his quest to lose weight through surgery. We visit an Arizona boarding school specializing in helping students lose weight. And finally, we're exploring the new body positivity movement that has recently sprung up in the US. In New York, Carizza, a photographer, and Annette, a blogger, show us a new perspective on obesity. And finally, we're off to Los Angeles for a beauty pageant exclusively for overweight women. These women own their obesity and don't shy away from showing it off, but at what cost? Welcome to Las Vegas. Every year, 42 million tourists swarm the famous strip, eager for a taste of Sin City. Casinos, hotels, nightclubs, and of course, fast food outlets. There are some 40 in the downtown area alone, the capital of entertainment and junk food. A few minutes drive away is the area housing the majority of Las Vegas workers. Mommy. Good morning. Good morning, boys. Good morning. Ricky Ogawa is a waitress in one of the city's largest fast food restaurants. This 30-year-old American lives with her husband and their 2-year-old son. Despite Ricky's job, you won't find a single burger in her house. In fact, it's quite the opposite. Made with beans. He is very healthy. He gets no flour, no corn, no processed sugar. It's just straight healthy. This is just a kale shake. We put flax seed in it, prune, and then fruit. Just to try to make sure he gets some of his greens in for the day, and it's always just easier to get him to drink their veggies instead of eating them. Serving up sodas and burgers every day has driven Ricky to ban them from her own home. For a good reason, too. The restaurant where she works really puts the junk in junk food. Lots of fruit in it. Lots of fruit in it. She spends an hour every morning getting ready. Her waitress uniform? A gimmicky nurse's costume. I am getting ready to turn on Nurse Ricky. I definitely play a role when I'm there, and uh it's fun. I have so much makeup I don't even use. It's more of being uh burger-gacious. It's not just, you know, "Here's your food. Have a good time." We try to make it more of an experience instead of just a a burger joint. Mascara, glitter, lipstick, and a tight-fitting dress is all it takes to turn Ricky into a nurse at the junk food hospital. But, it's not medicine that the doctor has ordered. No, here at the Heart Attack Grill, patients are prescribed burgers, fries, sodas, and more. It's the only place like it in the world. It caters to folks who like their food deep fried and super-sized. Before being seated, diners are weighed on a gigantic scale. The fatter you are, the better. If you weigh over 350 lb, your hamburgers and fries are on the house. Weighing in at 400 lb, this customer is getting a free all you can eat meal. The servings are humongous. For regulars here, though, eating a quadruple burger is easy breezy. I did a quadruple bypass last time I was here, and it's really good. Ricky even goes as far as selling only beverages high in sugar and calories, and there's not a healthy vegetable in sight. Bottle water is the same price as the soda, cuz we don't really want you to drink it. You can take anything off the burger you don't like. Uh but, we only have bacon that you can add to it. So, we have absolutely nothing green, no lettuce, no pickles, no avocado. It's too healthy. Just a little chili cheese fry to share. You're double. And single. It's actually bigger than I thought. I'll be able to finish it. Enormous burgers, heaps of fat and sugar. This concept was crafted by an American who dubbed himself Dr. Jon. [Applause] Stop, Dr. Jon, and I will tell you everything you need to know. But first, let's get you prepped for surgery. A member of our medical staff will now dress you for surgery. No one has ever been admitted to the Heart Attack Grill without a hospital. Everything here is designed to harm your health. Smoking is encouraged, cocktails are served in pill containers, and wine is on tap in an IV injection theme. The fast food joint claims it has been curing anorexia since 2005. Stick your booty out. Out. Perfect. If you don't finish your plate, you're dragged to the front of the joint for a good old-fashioned spanking while everyone watches. You can eat your free to me. I got the left side. I got the left side. NUMBER TWO. THANK YOU, BABY. SIMPLY PUT, at this fast food restaurant, obesity is king. It's a gimmick that works. This fast food restaurant serves over 650 customers a day and rakes in $5 million per year. I told you it's a spanking, not a love tap. You better finish your burgers. From the food to the spankings, it's all one big show at the Heart Attack Grill. The star attraction is the world's most calorie-laden burger, the Octuple Burger. A gigantic, towering pile of eight hamburger patties that takes 25 minutes to prepare. The entire thing weighs 6.5 lb. This meat monster contains 20,000 calories, the equivalent of 1 week of food. 6 and 1/2 lb, it is massive. Here's that big burger I promised. Goodbye, my dear. Good? But you you only get a chance to do something like this once. Yeah, how do you eat that? Like many, this man won't manage to finish his octuple burger and so he'll get a spanking for not cleaning up his plate. one American fast food is now also unhealthy entertainment. As a result, there are 116 million overweight people in the US. Many of them putting their health in danger. Atlanta, Georgia, the birthplace of the world's leading soft drink brand. Georgia has well over 5,000 fast food outlets and the state's obesity rate is nearly 32%. Escaping junk food is a huge challenge for those in the nearby town of Jackson. The area offers very little in the way of leisure activities. Your only options are fishing in a nearby lake or taking advantage of one of the many fast food restaurants. We return to Casey King. He has lived here his whole life with his father. This picture here, he was uh two or maybe going on three. Thanks. Appreciate it. He weighed 12.6 when he was born. He's never been really small. He's just been real healthy. Healthy. Casey started gaining lots of weight after a serious ankle injury. He spent weeks in bed only eating fast food morning, noon, and night. Whole footlong sandwiches, pizza, fried chicken, that kind of stuff. I mean, that was just the easiest, quickest stuff to get. I mean, and also not having like one of things, but two of things. Like two burgers from McDonald's. It was bad, but then it was made worse. My appetite was so big that we ate so much of the bad food. I guess I could have took some action did about it, but uh I don't know. I I really I really could not could not figure out what I what really I could do. He was just trying to make me happy and I just wanted to be happy and food was one of those things that was constantly a thing that did that. Neither his father nor his brother, a marine, suffer from obesity. Casey's poor eating habits are the sole source of his weight problem. At 33 years old, he even reached a record weight of 700 lb. I would just eat until I'm dead, probably. A normal day for me is wake up around 12, figure out something I'm going to eat immediately, TV, video games, bed. It's not a lot of activity. It was at this point that he appeared on a reality TV show, Family by the Ton. This footage shows him morbidly obese. The show's producer cut him a deal. They would pay for a $10,000 operation if he would participate in the program. It's weird being going from 711 lb to like 470. Hasn't been a year yet. It's kind of cool. Now he goes to the sports center three times a week. Okay, goodbye. Bye, son. I'll be back later. All right, be careful. Oh, I'll be careful. Super careful. And he's regained his independence at long last. I didn't drive for 7 years and I've only been driving again for like a month, 2 months maybe. I was tethered to my father in every shape of the way. It was difficult at times. I mean, there's tons of like weddings I didn't go to. I had friends that had kids that I didn't go see them. That's also because I had just changed so much. I really wasn't that proud of the person I was. Every kind of conversation I would have with people would be centered about around what are you eating? What are you doing to lose weight? I was like, can we talk about anything but my weight, please? Please. Like I I don't I didn't feel human. I felt like I don't know, like a like a like a zoo animal. But rapid weight loss causes various problems. Previously, his skin had to stretch to accommodate his weight. Now he's lighter and he has too much of it. The only solution is surgery, but Casey cannot afford it. Swimming is one of the few activities that he has available to him. I mean, there's no way this is coming back. Like this is that's pretty much there until I get it cut off. Like you can fix this and you can fix this and like the cheek stuff, like that'll be fine. But like this stuff and probably this, will all have to be cut off. Hey. Good. How are you? I'm good. Since May, I'm down like lb. It feels good to just be like noticed for like something good instead of just being like like they notice you just for being the big guy. They now they now notice you for being the big guy that's trying to lose weight. >> Yeah, I'm definitely proud of you. That's good. I need to change my eating habits, but Yeah. It's not easy. Yeah, it's not. It's not. For the most part, everyone that's ever came up to me has had something positive to say, either they're like I motivated them or the show changed their life or they showed them the they the error in their ways. They got inspired and this was like an opportunity to change my life in a positive so there was nothing that was going to stop me from doing it. Today, Casey is hoping for another chance at a reality show to finance his operation. Last year, he and some 230,000 other Americans underwent weight loss operations. That's a 30% rise since 2011. Today, Alex Perez is choosing to make the same choice. Hello. Hello. Hi, I'm Alex. Okay, Alex. Okay, thank you. You're welcome. Alex weighs 300 lb. He is only 40, but he has the health problems of a 60-year-old. High blood pressure, sleep apnea, respiratory and muscular disorders. All of this due to being overweight. Stomach reduction surgery is his last hope. I've never been this heavy. Ever. His wife, Jasmine, convinced him to take this course of action. She too used to be obese. She had the operation 2 years ago. I was very, very close to getting to 300 lb. Yeah, she was a big girl. But it just got to the point where I wasn't comfortable anymore. Which is the point that I'm at now where I can't I can't go camping with my son and and keep up with him because he's he's 155 lb and he's a he's a firecracker. So I can't there's no way I can keep up with him. I can't do the normal things that a that a father does, you know? And that's why that's it. I'm done. I'm ready for this. How are you doing? Good. Yeah. How much weight have you lost? Um well, 70 lb. 70? Yeah. Okay, that's wow. This Miami clinic's obesity specialist is Dr. Choi. He has performed over 4,000 operations like this. It's a new technique for rapid weight loss that involves neither physical exercise nor special food regimes. With a reduced stomach, the patient feels satisfied with smaller meals. How tall are you and how much do you weigh, sir? 5'10", 297 lb. Perfect. You're at a great weight. I'm going to try to go through your belly button so that the scarring will be less. My job, Senior Perez, is to cut and remove about 70 to 80% of the stomach. And you're going to be like, "Well, why do you need to remove so much of it and make it look like a banana?" Because there is this hormone here called ghrelin. And once I do that, my patients tell me they're not hungry anymore and then you eat less food because you're restricting. Okay? Thank you, Dr. Choi. You're welcome. Thank you for allowing me Thank you. to do all this with me, okay? Of course. All right, and you're helping him out, too. Prior to the operation, Alex will have to fast for 3 days. That, however, is nothing compared to the cost of the operation, $11,000, none of which is covered by health insurance. The couple has decided to take out a loan and to make monthly payments. Alex feels he has no other alternative. In the past 3 years, he has gained over 100 lb. These are some of my family pictures here at our wedding. When we were married, as you can see, I was a lot skinnier and she was heavier. When she had the surgery that she lost the weight, I gained the weight. I let myself go, being lazy, eating wrong, eating at the wrong times. The work schedule in the United States is very hectic and you come home and you eat, and you're so tired and so exhausted that you lay down and usually pass out and go to sleep. It's been 10 days now since Alex has had anything solid to eat. A very difficult stage for him, but necessary to prepare his body for the operation. I used to come home and this, macaroni and cheese. And now for the operation, I'll come home and get a glass of water, and take out one of these, melt it in the water, stir it. So, it just has the flavor of beef. So, it feels like you're actually eating something, but you're not. It's It's just liquid. It's his last night with his entire stomach before surgery will forever alter his life. Obesity affects everyone in America. This includes teenagers, roughly 14 million of them nationwide. Phoenix, Arizona, population 1.6 million. Here, one in three adults is obese. In the middle of the Arizona desert, between cacti and mountains, a new type of boot camp sprang up in Scottsdale last year. The Four Star Academy that looks like a mansion. It's strictly for teenage girls ages 13 to 18. Their stay here is set for a 4-month minimum, and it will leave them $31,000 out of pocket. Walk about 1.5, and then walk back. Every morning, 7 days a week. We did the math, and it's 21 miles a week, so it's a nice time to like wake up and see the sunrise. It's definitely made me feel more productive, for sure. The girls here follow a strict regime. Breakfast is at 9:00, and it's monitored. I have finals. We write down our food and the calories, protein, carbs, and fat for everything that we eat. And we write it after we eat it to keep track of it. We do it for every meal, and then we just add it all up and write the totals for every meal. Maybe. So, I can go into Kaylee owes the weight loss to Lindsey. She teaches the students healthy eating habits. Today, Lindsey's nutrition class is highlighting the danger of eating salt-rich food. High sodium content can lead to problems with blood pressure and water retention. All right, guys. So, we're going to talk a little bit about sodium today. Um how much sodium do you think is the recommendation? A thousand. So, general for all Americans, we're saying about uh 2,300 mg. Take a look at the things you usually eat at home, out, fast food, at restaurants, and we're going to bring up that nutrition content that we've looked at before, and take a look at the sodium in some of our favorite Well, I did Chick-fil-A, and my favorite one was the highest one. Okay. It's always higher than you think it's going to be with things. Like, the calories is 450, but the carbs are a little too high compared to what I usually eat here, and so is the fat. And the sodium's also pretty high. My favorite meal is the chicken teriyaki bowl, and I used to check the sodium, and it was so high. I think a lot of it's just not knowing like what's in the food and what like calorie intake and stuff, and just not being aware of what you're eating. So, I think awareness is like a huge part of what we're doing. So, why do you think we like sodium so much? It enhances flavors. Besides the nutrition classes, Kaylee and her friends keep up with their regular classes online 5 hours per day. I finished everything and went back. Was there anything yesterday? I checked. And where's your speech? And yeah, that as well. You got that here? Mhm. I was going to read through it and take some notes. Yeah, definitely do that. Okay. 3:30 p.m. Once the school day is over, it's time for cooking lessons. Twice a week, the girls learn how to prepare a balanced meal that they will easily be able to recreate back home. Ooh, I burned my finger a little bit. Today's menu includes a cauliflower-based hummus, but the classes are varied with the aim of introducing the girls to new ingredients. My mom doesn't really cook at home. But very once in a while, and usually it's pasta cuz it's quick. But this It's fun cooking. I never really thought about cooking until I came here, but now I do it every every other day. And it was not. I would sometimes come home feeling very like sick, and I don't like that feeling. Can I have the salt, please? Strong. I'm going to just put it in for a little bit longer so it gets a little softer. But it doesn't stop there. To spur weight loss, the girls have 1 hour of mandatory physical training every day. And where should you feel your squat? In your butt. Booty, yes. This afternoon, a full hour high-energy workouts set to music. What you referred to as a fat camp or weight loss camp are completely different. I mean, we aren't just here to exercise, exercise, eat vegetables, exercise. The girls are doing so much more than just this. This is just one component. We try to do all sorts of fitness, um hit training, Zumba, sports. So, what we'll do is we're going to hold it upside down and put it on the sternum. So, that is way easier than I first um than when I first got here. I've noticed a lot of like muscle and The goal is to give them the physical tools needed in order to lose weight, stay in good health, and appreciate their bodies. This looks good. Last time you were I don't know. I'm really enjoying myself right now. I love working out. Like I feel it makes me feel good. So, yeah. Feel accomplished. This evening, the school has a special surprise for the teens. For the first time in many weeks, they're getting a night out on the town. It's a much-needed break for these youngsters searching for their identity. [Laughter] I want to become a singer, and so I'm going to study music in college. I chose to come to help like boost my confidence with like my performing arts because I love music so much. I definitely think it's going to be a new level of confidence on stage not having to worry about certain things. In their quest to lose weight, these girls have left family and friends behind, taking time out of their lives in order to slim down and no longer be defined solely by their weights. We return to Alex, whose big day has finally arrived. He's going to have 2/3 of his stomach removed. My son left this morning all worried. So, I told him to relax. Everything will be fine. With surgery looming, Alex is feeling anxious. But more than that, he's exhausted from 3 days of fasting. It's the first big operation that that I've ever had. At the hospital, several members of his family and George, his best friend, are there to support him. You ready? I got to get this over with. I got to get rid of this. Very important for me to be here. I want to make sure that when he wakes up and I can pick at him a little. I need something juicy in front of him now. That would have been good at home. Should I get filet mignon tonight? You know, lobster tail? No. All right. You'll get to see him in a little bit. Bye. Dr. Choi will be performing five similar operations today, all on obese patients. Alex is the first on the list. I'm going to ask you a couple questions, okay? Any medical problems I need to know about? No. Okay. Surgeries before? No. You're the first. Okay. Questions? Um, is it going to hurt afterwards? It it might You might feel some pain after, but I'm going to make sure I'm going to take care of you with all the pain meds. But don't eat though, all right? Relax. Everything's going to be fine, okay? I'm going to take care of you. All right? All right. Alex is struggling to stay calm, but luckily Jasmine is on hand. Excited? I'm ready to go. Ready? I don't know. Yes. What did you think of your mom? I guess just now. You can have a good nap. The operation will be performed under general anesthesia. It's now 1 hour before the operation and the sedatives are making him feel drowsy. Feeling dizzy. That's the medicine. It's working. When Alex wakes up an hour from now, he will have lost a large part of his stomach. All right, we have to give you oxygen for about 5 minutes before you go to sleep. So, just try to breathe in. All operations have their problems and complications, but that was explained to him prior to surgery. Hemorrhaging, leaking stomach liquids, and bowel obstruction can occur after this type of surgery, but these are the risks patients are willing to take in order to lose weight. He should lose an average of 10 to 15 lb a month with a possible weight loss of 80 to 90 lb in 1 year. His life is going to change completely. He's going to feel a completely different person. It's official. He started, you know, brand new and I can't wait to see the transformation. So, a little anxious. Dr. Choi begins his work on Alex's First, he makes an incision to insert a camera. The procedure is done by watching the screen. The surgeon uses two surgical tools to section Alex's stomach. Here we see him working these clamps and scissors inside Alex's abdomen. After an hour and a half, the operation is over. Okay. How are you? Good. Good. Everything went over Total volume into the solid volume. Everything went well. I tested it. He's He had a really big stomach. Thank you for taking care of my son. Yeah, no problem. I don't know if he could eat, but I know he No, he could eat. He would put You would put down three plates of food. >> Yes. He can put down food for sure. Absolutely. But hopefully he won't be able to put food down. No, no, he won't be able to. Okay. Enjoy your lunch. Appreciate you again. Thank you, Jasmine. Okay. Two days later, we find Alex up and on his feet. He's just starting to walk again. He's having far more pain than anticipated. yeah, I'm yeah, I'm trying. But I just ate. Your taste buds change completely. Um, what was not sweet before is now very, very sweet. I I knew it was going to hurt, but I didn't think it was going to hurt this bad. The pain prevents him from moving freely. He can't lie down in bed and the slightest movements hurt his stomach. It's going to be like that for the first couple days and then it'll but it is going to get better. His son, Donovan, has come to visit him for the first time since the operation. Harder. I don't know. Yesterday. Yeah. Tired. I didn't sleep. So, now all my stomach is just here. So, all the stomach that was all here, he took it out through here. If I would have kept on the way I was, I would be dead in 10 years. I'll be around to see you graduate from college and and grow up to be a good man and, you know, do it for him. Gastrectomy is becoming more and more common in the US. 135,000 people underwent the procedure in 2017, a huge increase on 5 years ago when only 29,000 gastrectomies were performed. While some Americans may be turning to surgery in order to lose weight, another movement has come to prominence. A movement that rejects painful surgeries, fad diets, and teen boot camps. It's the body positivity revolution, encouraging people to take pride in their bodies, no matter their size. Hi. Happy National Women's Day. The attendees of this New York party are celebrating women, especially those who love and accept their bodies as they are. It's the opening night of the International Women's Travel Festival. Among the globetrotting attendees, Annette Richmond's team is making a huge sensation. These American women have come here to prove that there's no shame or problem with being overweight, quite the opposite. Annette has made body positivity her mission and even her job. I feel like it's important to have representation of fat people traveling to inspire other people that are fat to travel. Um, it's not easy though. There are going to be different things that fat people have to face and have to deal with and have to consider that maybe straight-size people don't, but my whole goal is to show that it's worth it. Annette is fighting for recognition for obese people. Several airline companies in the country now require obese people to pay for two seats. She aims to combat this injustice. Annette Richmond is what people call an influencer. Originally from California, she travels to provide content for her social media accounts. Her blog has a very specific following, fans of the body positivity movement. I have almost 20,000 followers on Instagram. That's a lot. There's not as big of a body positive community everywhere as there is in New York, so there's a ton of events here. Her blog, Fat Girls Traveling, aims to represent this community. In it, hundreds of overweight women post photos of themselves traveling the world. Body positivity is becoming increasingly popular in the US. The idea is to be proud of your body in every way. Plus-size acceptance is growing, so people are more comfortable and confident in their bodies worldwide. You know, people are getting bigger. Last summer, she created a body positive fat camp, the vacation spot for fat people. Campers got to show off their bodies without worrying about being judged. It was quite the success, so much so that she and her team are already planning the next one. Hello, my lovely. Welcome to the meet up. All of them have been stared at due to their weight. All of them have become activists, campaigning to change public opinion. >> Welcome to the meet up. You're fat and you're smart and you're tall and you have curly hair. I am tired of people being ashamed to live in a bigger body. It's ridiculous. I would have been willing to die to be thin. 100% I would have welcomed cancer if it meant I was going to lose weight. >> like in high school kids would get mono and they drop like 15 pounds. I'm like, man I really want mono. I WAS LIKE 15 POUNDS IN LIKE 2 WEEKS. That sounds like a dream. I think I would be thinner than I am now if I had not yo-yo dieted since the age of eight because I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up my metabolism by doing that. So I think that I probably always would have been bigger, but I think I would have been smaller than I am now simply because I wouldn't have yo-yoed for most of my life. But their message and attitude don't appeal to everyone. Many doctors are against this movement. They worry that it will lead young people to dismiss the dangers of obesity. Oh my god, do you know how many times I've been told I'm a promoting obesity? Anytime I drop a swimsuit photo. And at the end of the day, I'm not promoting obesity. I'm promoting just being comfortable in your own skin at every size and shape you are. Okay, take a picture, guys. 1 2 go. Today is an important day for Fat Girls Traveling. They're going to talk about how hard it is for them to travel like others do. Hello, lovely ladies. Launched 6 years ago, this festival aims to connect influential women in the travel world. This year is the first year that overweight people have been invited to discuss the issues they faced just like the one they're experiencing today. The stage was designed for five slim people. There is simply not enough room on stage for the five members of Annette's team. There's five plus size women. How are we supposed to fit up there on that stage? And I know that they're not doing it maliciously. It's just they didn't think about people living in bigger bodies need more space. And that is the exact reason why we're here. We are plus size women and we need a little more space. Thank you, Kelly. We're all going on stage. You guys ready? You excited? Annette and her team have 45 minutes to enlighten the audience and to promote body positivity. Traveling while fat, it can be a little bit scary. Um having to ask for an extender, having to ask for more space on an airplane or a bus, that makes people fearful. Um and so my goal with creating Fat Girls Traveling was to kind of shake it things up a little bit, um but also to help take the stigma away from it because fat does not mean ugly. Fat does not mean lazy. Fat does not mean unlovable. Fat does not mean anything but I have more fat on my body than you. Amazing. You did such a good job. You did so good. In America, the body positivity movement is fighting back. Tonight at Bounce, a Los Angeles nightclub, you have to be overweight to dance and large figure hiding clothes are not allowed. Tonight it's singles night. Men who aren't necessarily obese come to meet women who are overweight. The MC is Lisa Marie Garbo, an icon in the nightclub scene. She's a specialist in plus size club nights. And body positivity brings in the money. Every party at the club generates about $4,500 in ticket sales alone. These women and some 35 million overweight Americans are now daring to wear tight-fitting sexy outfits and walls are being broken down in the fashion industry which has for so long upheld slimness as the ideal. Last year, Tess Holliday, an obese model, was featured on the cover of Cosmopolitan, a first in the history of fashion magazines. And in New York, one photographer has decided to go even further to smash industry norms. In her photo studio, Karizza puts the spotlight on overweight women. She is doing a photo shoot today for an exhibition. The theme, women with curves. Oh my goodness, stay. Chin up a bit. You are my hero. Love it. I love it. You know, in plus size community, it's growing. You know, fashion projects. It's not anymore something small. Now it's era of big things, big projects. Models come from all over the world to Karizza's studio. I'm Adrian. Nice to meet you. Sophie Turner's 670,000 and counting followers make her very popular in the US. For 3 years now, she too has been a plus size model. Where I'm from in Scotland, it's not a thing, so people sort of laugh about it. There's not really a modeling market there all together. Um I tried going to London, but I find more success in New York and I just felt it's the place to be for it. We need to rock internet. We need to rock fashion. We need to rock modeling world. We need to like shake it a bit. It's become boring, you know? I need to do like this. 1 2 3. You know what? You are like French queen Marie Antoinette, you know? Thanks to people like Karizza, the way that overweight women are perceived is changing in America. You can even become a beauty queen when you're obese. Perfect. We met one such pageant queen in the small town of Escondido, California. At age 34, Jennifer Gutierrez won the Miss Escondido contest for plus size women. Height, 5 feet 5 inches. Weight, 280 pounds. Title, Miss Escondido Plus 2019. And today at her home, it's the day of the big game. Like 98 million other Americans, Jennifer and her family are watching the Super Bowl. Oh my gosh. In America, Super Bowl is like one of the biggest events ever. It's It's like the World Cup in Europe. I don't know what that means, but sure. And it means food, family, friends and everybody goes crazy. And And usually everybody's drinking and going nuts, but we HAVE KIDS, SO IF YOU'RE HAVING A SUPER BOWL PARTY, YOU have to have chicken wings. Huge like American thing. Chips. I had to move the chips up here because my children will live on chips if I let them. Deviled eggs. Every event you have to have deviled eggs. Calories aren't an issue for Jennifer. They actually improve her image. It's thanks to being overweight that she was crowned Miss Plus. I'm so proud of you, baby. Thanks, Daddy. But now Jennifer's dream is to become Miss Plus America. It's the biggest beauty pageant in the country for overweight women. First, however, she must win the California title. An intensive training program in Los Angeles prepares the candidates for the contest. At last, Jennifer will meet her competitors. Hi, Miss Escondido. I'm the current reigning Miss California Plus America. >> Hello. Nice to meet you. >> Nice to meet you. This is the first time I met everybody. I've got like first day of school jitters. Okay, I'm in my white shirt. The day begins with several photo shoots. Hold that. Hold that. It's the best way for the candidates to size each other up. Ready, 1 2 and 3. Awesome. Gorgeous. Thank you. You're welcome. Look at that crown. I love that. I'm already a winner in my book because I've met so many people who are like, "There's a plus-size Mrs. Escondido." And I'm all like, "Yeah, I'm like regular Mrs. Escondido, but I can have donuts." It's like the best world ever. Silly guys. Nobody wants to see it when you are walking on stage. Do you see? It's jiggling. It's jiggling. Being overweight doesn't mean letting yourself go, though. Candidates have to stay sexy at all cost. It gives that nice, smooth, clean look. So, when I'm walking, guess what? There's no bouncing where you can feel like you're like, and when you take it off, you're like, "Oh my gosh, I can finally breathe." It needs to be uncomfortable. I'm telling you ladies, this will make the difference of whether you look good in a dress or you don't look good in a dress. Last item on the day's agenda, choreography. The women will be rehearsing this dance for several weeks. I'm scared for the dancing part. I have two left feet. So, that's the only thing that I'll like be scared about is the dancing. We'll see. Fingers crossed. It's 8:00 a.m. in Anaheim, a city near Los Angeles. The new Miss California Plus will be crowned today. Jennifer barely managed to sleep. She is already getting ready to nab the title, a long-cherished dream for her. I want to go to nationals. I would really like to win supreme today. That would be amazing. I don't know if I'm going to. Frank, her husband, is with her to provide support. The candidates have spent several thousand dollars on garments and accessories to improve their chances of making their childhood dream come true. Yes. Yes. Get it done. Look at this skin. Oh, thank you. I'm not touching my makeup. The pageant's director, Sherri R. enters to wish everyone good luck. With only a few minutes until showtime, the tension rises. And my honest thoughts on being loved by a skinny boy. Okay, I'm going to get dressed. The winner of the Mrs. California Plus American title for 2019 is Jennifer Gutierrez. Thank you. The next stage for Jennifer is the national contest in July. This accomplishment would never have been possible without the body positivity movement. Body acceptance offers a glimmer of hope for millions of Americans. In a nation where 40% of people are overweight, one solution is to love yourself just as you are.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bae_Bebe [8 likes]: This documentary came out at least five years ago. Wish they would update it.
  2. @joeyree22 [3 likes]: I am a foreigner living in the (somewhat healthier) north east USA, I am 5’2 and under 110lbs. I eat well,  I walk and I exercise regularly; It’s undeniable, I am the exception, not the rule here. People constantly comment on how small I am, where, in reality, I am a healthy/fit weight for my height and perfectly normal for healthy Europeans and Australians.
  3. @maryyoung1602 [2 likes]: He knows Every eating place in the entire city! (2019)
  4. @jorgesoares5522 [2 likes]: M.A.G.A 🙄
  5. @Ezrito12 [2 likes]: big boy in the beginning has no self control and is blaming the fastfood restaurants for existing.
  6. @Petrou_Petros [1 likes]: 36:30 pride? This is not just stupid but dangerous too!!!
It's not only about appearance and not to be liked by the opposite sex, it's about health..... they are sending a very dangerous message to others too!!!
  7. @Petrou_Petros [1 likes]: 19:19 no other alternatives?
You can stop eating and lose weight WITHOUT the 11.000$ risky operation and by reducing food you are saving money at the same time!!!!
I am 5"9 and weight around 150lbs, almost the same weight the last 25 years, the calories I consume are less than 2000 per day 
I eat 3-4 times per day, only cooked food, no fried food, no red meat (a little chicken) and almost no sugar, no soft drinks or alcohol, no prosseced food like chips, cakes, croissants etc and also consuming salads and fruits (bananas, apples etc).
  8. @Gina-b6d [1 likes]: That nurse is sweet enough
  9. @PatreaCurry: AGREED. i m 71 and not obese but its all around you here, bad food people get addicted to, not good,.
  10. @sgray4995: I'm an normal sized American woman, age 70, 5'8", 129lbs.  I come from a normal sized family.  Not everyone is fat.
  11. @deidradahl2802: Continue calling obesity '''a disease''' this is the crutch overweight people, like to hang onto. No personal responsibility.
  12. @bigj943000: Look I hate I gotta do this I’m only so big i don’t GAF bout nun this shit I made my own happiness gd idk fuck bout anyone that don’t fwm gd he can get on television and do this I really don’t doubt nobody but coming for me bout my weight when my weight doesn’t slow ish for id gaf who fat ok I hate anybody that’s self centered to throw me in every suffering situation FOR Being fat aight i don’t gaf who big never slowed me dwn gd ill pick a weapon over fighting every time I don’t have time on American obesity I always found a fukin way humans make me hate I im even American stupid stero type Idc gd it a jealous mf that hold you in the dumps I don’t need a mfing military physical to survive gd I hate mf
  13. @512Squared: The dad isn't obese? Rubbish, he's centrally obese.... When the programme itself doesn't understand it's own subject...
  14. @Julian_0999-f4k: Health is cumulative; each generation lives with the choices and consequences from their parents and grandparents.
  15. @hens13: Average man is 5’7”? Nonsense
  16. @michaelsaucier9790: Fast food has nothing to do with obesity.  People are just dumb and eat all day instead of fasting and only eating in a small window.  Most of the time they’re taught since they are young. They need three meals a day.
  17. @StevenLamkin-yz2rd: Yeah nice audio 🙄
  18. @sicooper4230: Any extreme is wrong. What people need is balance and healthy food is always out there. You don't need a gym membership to keep healthy,if your legs work, you walk. So many excuses and so much denial... it's pretty sad tbh..however,$31000 for a teen boot camp? Yeah,no...
  19. @paulcarlson754: So you producers deliberately lie about the football team and burgers
  20. @jessicaschaub3547: fast food is a coice

- America has an obesity problem: Kind: captions Language: en Finally, one more thought. Mark Twain said that the only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not. Judging from current results, an awful lot of Americans are eating and drinking pretty much whatever they want, regardless of their health. The Centers for Disease Control report that the number of obese Americans is now around 40%, and the severely obese are reaching toward 10%, which has some real economic effects for us all. Obesity itself is like just this gigantic economic force. It's a business force or businesses that thrive on how much people like to eat unhealthy foods. There are huge cost to insurers. But things may be changing thanks to pharmaceutical companies coming up with a new category of drugs called GLP one originally intended for diabetes. But the turn out to help us get around Mark Twain's dilemma. They help us not to want to eat the things we shouldn't. Demand for the new drugs is through the roof. If we take our best selling medicine or ozempic for type two diabetes that grew the first six months by 59%. That's actually lower pricing. So underlying volume growth is much higher with immediate and dramatic effects for the drug companies involved like Novo Nordisk. For Ozempic, the newest thing that we really like is the weight loss drugs. We think those areas, that area is going to just explode. And even for whole economies with Denmark, that's home of Novo Nordisk, the maker was epic, having to deal with an influx of dollars so large that it's driving up the kroner and requiring Denmark to cut interest rates so it doesn't get out of whack with the eurozone. But the new chemical approach to weight loss goes way beyond the sale of drugs themselves. In success, they point to whole new classes of winners and losers, like the airline companies, for example. Big winners as people lose weight and require less jet fuel to get them up into the sky. They saved an ounce on on every passenger seat from taking out changing the feedstock of the paper that they used on their United Airlines magazine and saving £11 for per flight. What? Yeah. And so we extrapolated that into £10 for passengers, 175 people per plane. What happens to the fuel savings? They save 27 million. While snack food makers may come up, losers in a world where there's less demand for things like Pringles, you've got ConAgra that just said that it's watching this kilonova the you know, the former Kellogg's said earlier this week that it's studying the impacts and WW which has worked for years to get you on that Weightwatchers diet has decided not to beat the new drugs but to join them cutting back on their diet meetings and expanding into telehealth to get people the pharmaceuticals that may work better. We wanted to enter the space and be able to extend our toolkit to not only behavior change in functional, but also clinical interventions. And wait, there's more. Just imagine if we started getting the GLP one wonder drugs to all of our troops whose waist we carefully measure every six months to make sure they're in fighting shape. Surely it would slim them down some and maybe take some of the heat out of the inter-service war over just where our waste is measured from anyway. But if the pharmaceutical companies really want to help, maybe they could come up with something for our political leadership to take in Washington, something that interferes with their appetite, not to eat what they shouldn't eat, but to spend what they shouldn't spend and that we can't afford. We saw that unhealthy appetite displayed again this week when the fight over the budget led to the House of Representatives for the first time in history. Voting out a Speaker of the House chaos is Speaker McCarthy. Chaos is somebody who we cannot trust with their word. I know we would all like our lawmakers to be Santa Claus, but unfortunately there is a price to be paid, but it's growing on him. I gained £45 in a week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RynaxAlien [16 likes]: Meat, sugar and junk food are addictive like narcotic drugs
  2. @OmegaM3TE0R [5 likes]: I want to give an advice I once heard I believe it is 100% accurate: "Making a diet that includes only food that you don't like just because is more healthy, is something you will never win, because it is not a 1 day fight but rather a whole life war." There is always a food you can replace with another that still will be healthy and you will enjoy, making a life of exercise and healthy eating much more enjoyable and easier!
  3. @Soundsofthewood [3 likes]: So people eat junk too much and not get enough exercise.
The fix? A drug.
  4. @havmercy [3 likes]: New ?? Been around for more than 10 yrs .
  5. @gracerodgers8952 [2 likes]: Impulse control is not easy, it's like getting a busy signal on the phone (remember those), just keep trying.
  6. @trudygaldeen3432 [1 likes]: I was watching the volleyball league and I noticed that most of the spectators were heavy. It’s sad to see our country in this much danger of heart attacks or strokes
  7. @Bleeghblergh [1 likes]: Yet, as soon as they stop taking this medication, they’ll gain it all back if they haven’t made any lifestyle changes lol.
  8. @martinseptimryden7272 [1 likes]: How is this news? Everyone already knows this. We can them American Pigs for a reason.
  9. @kmng3207 [1 likes]: This is despicable that people are actually being prescribe something to lose weight. It would be just a whole lot more advantageous to have a clean food system and stop adding chemicals do everything to entice people does shove food in their mouth all day long. The chemical additives are destroying peoples metabolism. Destroying their body eat real food.. stop buying garbage and supporting garbage suppliers, such as drugs, pharmaceuticals, big box, food, stores
  10. @dashriprock592 [1 likes]: I throw out my ozempic 7 so far every time I get them
  11. @andrewbrand200: The earth has gravity.